2014 BoD & SH Meetings 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549-1004 ___________________ FORM 8-K ___________________ CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) June 10, 2014 ___________________ GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) ___________________ DELAWARE (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 001-34960 (Commission File Number) 27-0756180 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 300 Renaissance Center, Detroit, Michigan (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 48265-3000 (Zip Code) ( 313 ) 556-5000 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) ___________________ Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURES OF DIRECTORS OR CERTAIN OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF CERTAIN OFFICERS On June 10, 2014 the stockholders of General Motors Company ("GM" or the “Company”) approved the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “LTIP”) and the 2014 Short-Term Incentive Plan (the “STIP”). The LTIP authorizes awards of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards or other stock-based awards to selected employees, consultants, advisors and non-employee directors of the Company. The stockholders approved a maximum of 60 million shares available for issuance under the LTIP, with a maximum annual grant to any one individual under the plan of 1 million shares. Under the STIP, grants of target awards may be made based on the establishment of one or more performance metrics by the Executive Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. Target awards may become final awards based on the relative achievement of the selected metrics, and any payment of final awards will be made in cash subsequent to the determination of the actual performance achieved during the performance period. The maximum final award payable to any one individual under the STIP is $7.5 million. The above description of the LTIP and STIP does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety to the full text of the LTIP and STIP, set forth in Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 5.03 AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR At its meeting on June 10, 2014, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of GM approved an amendment to its bylaws to add a new section 3.9 creating the Operating Risk Committee. In addition, the Board approved an amendment to section 3.1 of the bylaws, “Committees of the Board of Directors”, to add the Operating Risk Committee to a list of the standing committees of the Board. Both amendments were effective immediately. The above description of the amendments to the Company’s bylaws does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of section 3.1 and 3.9 of the bylaws as amended, set forth in Exhibit 3.1 to this Form 8-K and incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 5.07 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS The annual meeting of the stockholders of GM was held on June 10, 2014. The final votes on the matters submitted to the stockholders were as follows: Item No. 1-Nomination and Election of Directors Nominee For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes Joseph J. Ashton 1,173,082,754 21,261,238 2,758,420 129,782,722 Mary T. Barra 1,193,162,409 1,262,283 2,677,720 129,782,722 Erroll B. Davis, Jr. 1,085,990,970 108,200,246 2,911,196 129,782,722 Stephen J. Girsky 1,111,878,469 82,495,585 2,728,358 129,782,722 E. Neville Isdell 1,110,235,529 84,136,572 2,730,311 129,782,722 Kathryn V. Marinello 1,105,351,961 89,035,083 2,715,368 129,782,722 Michael G. Mullen 1,191,406,388 2,812,063 2,883,961 129,782,722 James J. Mulva 1,109,143,934 85,218,193 2,740,285 129,782,722 Patricia F. Russo 1,042,008,759 152,413,154 2,680,499 129,782,722 Thomas M. Schoewe 1,188,967,373 5,396,487 2,738,552 129,782,722 Theodore M. Solso 1,188,977,946 7,098,391 1,026,075 129,782,722 Carol M. Stephenson 1,178,736,013 15,521,709 2,844,690 129,782,722 John Lauve 1 1,197,102,412 — 129,782,722 Dean Fitzpatrick 1 1,197,102,412 — 129,782,722 Item No. 2-Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as GM's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year 2014 For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes 1,308,836,165 13,219,802 4,829,168 — Item No. 3-Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation Paid to GM's Named Executive Officers For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes 1,156,077,131 37,469,437 3,555,845 129,782,722 Item No. 4-Advisory Vote to Approve the Frequency of a Stockholder Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 1 Year 2 Years 3 Years Abstain Broker Non-Votes 992,741,138 4,812,584 196,575,260 2,973,431 129,782,722 Item No. 5-Approval of the General Motors Company 2014 Short-Term Incentive Plan For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes 1,144,375,099 49,185,505 3,541,809 129,782,722 Item No. 6- Approval of the General Motors Company 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes 1,137,888,066 55,580,871 3,633,476 129,782,722 Item No. 7-Stockholder Vote Regarding Cumulative Voting For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes 431,138,180 761,816,437 4,147,796 129,782,722 Item No. 8-Stockholder Proposal Regarding Independent Board Chairman For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes 463,865,115 732,096,255 1,141,043 129,782,722 ITEM 8.01 OTHER EVENTS The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase up to 5 million shares of common stock, which is intended to offset dilution from a June 2014 grant under the LTIP. ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing Exhibit 3.1 Sections 3.1 and 3.9 of the Bylaws of General Motors Company, as amended Attached as Exhibit Exhibit 10.1 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Attached as Exhibit Exhibit 10.2 2014 Short-Term Incentive Plan Attached as Exhibit SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY (Registrant) /s/ THOMAS S. TIMKO Date: June 12, 2014 By: Thomas S. Timko Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Ex. 3.1 - Bylaws Amendment Exhibit 3.1 GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY BYLAWS 3.1 Committees of the Board of Directors. The standing committees of the board shall include the audit committee, the directors and corporate governance committee, the executive compensation committee, the finance committee, the operating risk committee and the public policy committee. The board (but not a committee thereof) may designate additional committees of the board and may prescribe for each committee such powers and authority as may properly be granted to such committees in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. The board of directors may establish by resolution, adopted by a majority of the whole board, an administrative committee with the authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the board with regard to matters submitted to the board that, pursuant to any statement of delegation of authority adopted by the board from time to time, do not constitute issues within the sole jurisdiction of the board or any committee thereof and are not otherwise significant. New Section 3.9: Operating Risk Committee. The operating risk committee shall be responsible for assisting the board of directors in its oversight with respect to management’s identification, evaluation and management of the Company’s major operating risk exposures and the Company’s policies and procedures for ensuring vehicle safety, employee health and safety, product quality, cybersecurity, protection of intellectual property, and other mitigation and remediation processes for risks related to operations. [End of page]
Ex. 10.1 - 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Exhibit 10.1 GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY 2014 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Section 1. Purpose . The purpose of the General Motors Company 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the “ Plan ”) is to incentivize selected employees, consultants, advisors and non-employee directors of General Motors Company (the “ Company ”) and its Subsidiaries and to align their interests with those of the Company’s stockholders. However, nothing in this Plan or any Award granted pursuant to this Plan shall be interpreted to create or establish an employment relationship between the Company and any Participant. Section 2. Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: (a) “ Award ” means any Option, SAR, Restricted Stock, RSU, Performance Award or Other Stock-Based Award granted under the Plan. (b) “ Award Document ” means any appropriately authorized agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing any Award granted under the Plan, which must be duly executed or acknowledged by a Participant (unless otherwise specifically provided by the Company). (c) “ Beneficiary ” means a person designated by a Participant to receive payments or other benefits or exercise rights that are available under the Plan in the event of the Participant’s death. (d) “ Board ” means the Board of Directors of the Company. (e) “ Cause ” means, with respect to any Participant, any of the following unless explicitly excluded by such Participant’s applicable Award Document, and any additional grounds as may be set forth in such Award Document: (i) the Participant’s commission of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony; (ii) the Participant’s gross negligence or willful misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iii) the Participant’s material violation of state or federal securities laws. (f) “ Change in Control ” means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: (i) any Person or any two or more persons deemed to be one “Person” (as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other than an Excluded Person, directly or indirectly, becomes the “beneficial owner” (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company constituting more than 40 percent of the total combined voting power of the Company’s Voting Securities outstanding; provided that if such Person becomes the beneficial owner of 40 percent of the total combined voting power of the Company’s outstanding Voting Securities as a result of a sale of such securities to such Person by the Company or a repurchase of securities by the Company, such sale or purchase by the Company shall not result in a Change in Control; provided further , that if such Person subsequently acquires beneficial ownership of additional Voting Securities of the Company (other than from the Company), such subsequent acquisition shall result in a Change in Control to the extent that such Person’s beneficial ownership of Company Voting Securities immediately following such acquisition exceeds 40 percent of the total combined voting power of the Company’s outstanding Voting Securities; (ii) at any time during a period of 24 consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board and any new member of the Board whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of members of the Board; (iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with any other corporation or entity, in each case, unless, immediately following such reorganization, merger or consolidation, more than 60 percent of the combined voting power and total fair market value of the then outstanding Voting Securities of the resulting corporation from such reorganization, merger or consolidation is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the outstanding Voting Securities of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation in substantially the same proportion as their beneficial ownership of the Voting Securities of the Company immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation; or (iv) the consummation of any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer to any Person (other than a Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company) of assets of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries, in one transaction or a series of related transactions within a 12-month period, having an aggregate fair market value of more than 50 percent of the fair market value of the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a “Change in Control” be deemed to have occurred (A) as a result of the formation of a Holding Company, (B) with respect to any Participant, if the Participant is part of a “group” within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof, which consummates the Change in Control transaction or (C) if the transaction does not constitute a “change in ownership,” “change in effective control,” or “change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets” of the Company for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. (g) “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. Any reference to a provision in the Code shall include any successor provision thereto. (h) “ Committee ” means the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee as may be designated by the Board to perform any functions of the Executive Compensation Committee with respect to this Plan; provided, however, that the Board may, at any time, expressly retain for itself any of the Committee's authority hereunder, and to the extent that the Board retains any such authority, references to the Committee shall be deemed references to the Board. If the Board does not designate the Committee, references herein to the “Committee” shall refer to the Board. (i) “ Covered Employee ” means an individual who is a “covered employee” or expected by the Committee to be a “covered employee,” in each case within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code. (j) “ Disability ” means, with respect to any Participant, such Participant’s inability upon a Termination of Service to engage in any gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. (k) “ Effective Date ” means March 11, 2014. (l) “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. Any reference to a provision in the Exchange Act shall include any successor provision thereto. (m) “ Excluded Person ” means (i) the Company, (ii) any of the Company’s Subsidiaries, (iii) any Holding Company, (iv) any employee benefit plan of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or a Holding Company, or (v) any Person organized, appointed or established by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or a Holding Company for or pursuant to the terms of any plan described in clause (iv). (n) “ Fair Market Value ” means with respect to Shares, the closing price of a Share on the date in question (or, if there is no reported sale on such date, on the last preceding date on which any reported sale occurred) on the principal stock market or exchange on which the Shares are quoted or traded, or if Shares are not so quoted or traded, fair market value as determined by the Committee, and with respect to any property other than Shares, the fair market value of such property determined by such methods or procedures as shall be established from time to time by the Committee. (o) Achievement of “ Full Career Status ” means a Participant’s voluntary Termination of Service (i) at the age of 55 or older with ten or more years of continuous service or (ii) at the age of 62 or older. The chief human resources officer of the Company (or such individual holding a comparable role in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles) shall have the binding authority to determine how many years of continuous service a Participant has at any given time. (p) “ Good Reason ” means, with respect to any Participant, the occurrence of any of the following acts by the Company, or failure by the Company to act, following or in connection with the occurrence of a Change in Control, unless explicitly excluded in such Participant’s applicable Award Document and any additional grounds, as may be set forth in such Award Document: (i) a material reduction of such Participant’s base salary and target incentive compensation; (ii) an involuntary relocation of the geographic location of such Participant’s principal place of employment (or for consultants or advisors, service) by more than 100 miles; or (iii) only for Participants who are executive officers of the Company covered by Section16 of the Exchange Act, a material diminution of the Participant’s authority, duties, or responsibilities. In each case, if such Participant desires to terminate his or her employment or service with the Company or such Subsidiary for Good Reason, he or she must first give written notice within 90 days of the initial existence of the facts and circumstances providing the basis for Good Reason to the Company or such Subsidiary, and allow the Company or such Subsidiary 60 days from the date of such notice to rectify the situation giving rise to Good Reason, and in the absence of any such rectification, such Participant must terminate his or her employment or service for such Good Reason within 120 days after delivery of such written notice. (q) “ Holding Company ” means an entity that becomes a holding company for the Company or its businesses as part of any reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction, provided that the outstanding shares of common stock of such entity and the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities of such entity are, immediately after such reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction, beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction, of such outstanding Voting Securities of the Company. (r) “ Incentive Stock Option ” means an option representing the right to purchase Shares from the Company, granted pursuant to Section 6, that meets the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. (s) “ Non-Qualified Stock Option ” means an option representing the right to purchase Shares from the Company, granted pursuant to Section 6, that is not an Incentive Stock Option. (t) “ Option ” means an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option granted pursuant to Section 6. (u) “ Other Stock-Based Award ” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 10. (v) “ Participant ” means the recipient of an Award granted under the Plan. (w) “ Performance Award ” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 9. (x) “ Performance Period ” means any period of not less than one year established by the Committee during which any performance goals specified by the Committee with respect to a Performance Award are measured. (y) “ Restricted Stock ” means any Share granted pursuant to Section 8. (z) “ Restricted Stock Unit ” or “RSU ” means a contractual right granted pursuant to Section 8 that is denominated in Shares. Each RSU represents a right to receive the value of one Share (or a percentage of such value) in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. Awards of RSUs may include the right to receive dividend equivalents. (aa) “ Section 162(m) Compensation ” means “qualified performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code. (bb) “ Shares ” means shares of the Company’s common stock, $0.01 par value. (cc) “ Stock Appreciation Right ” or “ SAR ” means a right granted pursuant to Section 7, denominated in Shares, that entitles the Participant within the exercise period to receive a payment (or a number of Shares with a value) equal to the increase in value between the exercise price and the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares at the date of exercise. (dd) “ Subsidiary ” means an entity of which the Company directly or indirectly holds all or a majority of the value of the outstanding equity interests of such entity or a majority of the voting power with respect to the Voting Securities of such entity. Whether employment by or service with a Subsidiary is included within the scope of this Plan shall be determined by the Committee. (ee) “ Termination of Service ” means, subject to Section 19, the cessation of a Participant’s employment or service relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary such that the Participant is no longer an employee, consultant or non-employee director of the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable; provided, however , that, unless the Committee determines otherwise, such cessation of the Participant’s employment or service relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary, but the continuation of the Participant’s employment or services for the Company at another Subsidiary, or as a member of the Board, shall not be deemed a cessation of employment or service that would constitute a Termination of Service; provided, further , that a Termination of Service shall be deemed to occur for a Participant employed by or providing services to a Subsidiary when the Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary unless such Participant’s employment or service continues with the Company or another Subsidiary. The chief human resources officer of the Company (or such individual holding comparable roles in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles) shall have the binding authority to determine whether a Participant has had a cessation of his or her employment or service relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary. (ff) “ Voting Securities ” means securities of a Person entitling the holder thereof to vote in the election of the members of the board of directors of such person or such governing body of such Person performing a similar principal governing function with respect to such Person. Section 3. Eligibility. The following individuals may be designated by the Committee as a Participant from time to time: (a) a person who serves or is employed as an officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary; (b) a consultant or advisor who provides services to the Company or a Subsidiary; and (c) a non-employee director of the Company. Section 4. Administration. (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties, including the Company, its stockholders and Participants and any Beneficiaries thereof. The Committee may issue rules and regulations for administration of the Plan. It shall meet at such times and places as it may determine. (b) To the extent necessary or desirable to comply with applicable regulatory regimes, any action by the Committee shall require the approval of Committee members who are (i) independent, within the meaning of and to the extent required by applicable rulings and interpretations of the applicable stock market or exchange on which the Shares are quoted or traded; (ii) non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act; and (iii) outside directors pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code. The Board may designate one or more members of the Board as alternate members of the Committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the Committee. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee may delegate to one or more members of the Committee or officers of the Company the authority to grant Awards or take any other actions permitted under the Plan, except that such delegation to an officer of the Company shall not be applicable with respect to any Award for a person then covered by Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (c) Subject to applicable law, the terms of the Plan and such orders or resolutions not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan as may from time to time be adopted by the Board, the Committee (or its delegate) shall have full power, discretion and authority to: (i) subject to Section 3, designate eligible individuals who will be Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant under the Plan; (iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by (or with respect to which payments, rights or other matters are to be calculated in connection with) Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award; (v) determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Shares, other Awards, other property, net settlement, or any combination thereof, or cancelled, forfeited or suspended, and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised, cancelled, forfeited or suspended; (vi) determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances cash, Shares, other Awards, other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under the Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the holder thereof or of the Committee; (vii) interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan; (viii) prescribe the form of each Award Document, which need not be identical for each Participant; (ix) establish, amend, suspend or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents, trustees, brokers, depositories and advisors and determine such terms of their engagement as it shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan and due compliance with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations; (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and due compliance with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations; and (xi) to construe, interpret and apply the provisions of this Plan. (d) In addition to the conditions imposed by Section 11, the Committee may impose restrictions on any Award at the time of grant in the applicable Award Document or by other Committee action with respect to non-competition, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants as it deems necessary or appropriate. (e) Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan to the contrary, in any instance where a determination is to be made under the Plan at the discretion of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or chief human resources officer (or such individuals holding a comparable role in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer shall make such determination in respect of the Company’s chief human resources officer, and the Committee shall make such determination in respect of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (or, in each case, such individuals holding the comparable roles in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles). Section 5. Shares Available for Awards. (a) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5(c), (i) the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall not exceed 60,000,000 Shares, with each Share subject to (or deliverable with respect to) an Option, SAR, RSU or any other Award reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan by one Share and (ii) no Participant may receive under the Plan in any calendar year (A) Options and SARs that relate to more than 1,000,000 Shares or (B) Awards other than Options or SARs which could result in delivery to the Participant of more than 1,000,000 Shares under the operation of the applicable performance goal formula, if and to the extent that any such Awards are intended to constitute Section 162(m) Compensation and denominated in Shares. The maximum number of Shares available for issuance under Incentive Stock Options shall be 60,000,000. (b) Any Shares subject to an Award that expires, is cancelled, forfeited or otherwise terminates without the delivery of such Shares, including any Shares subject to an Award to the extent that Award is settled without the issuance of Shares, shall again be, or shall become, available for issuance under the Plan; provided, however , that (i) any Shares surrendered or withheld in payment of any grant, purchase, exercise price of an Award or taxes related to an Award and (ii) any Shares covered by a SAR that is exercised and settled in Shares, shall not again be available for issuance under the Plan. (c) In the event that the Committee determines that, as a result of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares or other securities), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of Shares pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event affecting the Shares, or of changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles, an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, then the Committee shall adjust equitably any or all of: (i) the number and type of Shares (or other securities) which thereafter may be made the subject of Awards, including the aggregate and individual limits specified in Section 5(a); (ii) the number and type of Shares (or other securities) subject to outstanding Awards; and (iii) the grant, purchase or exercise price with respect to any Award or, if deemed appropriate, make provision for a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding Award; provided, however , that the number of Shares subject to any Award denominated in Shares shall always be a whole number. (d) Any Shares delivered pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and newly issued Shares or Shares acquired by the Company. Section 6. Options. The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Participants with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine. (a) The exercise price per Share under an Option shall be determined by the Committee; provided , however , that such exercise price shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option. (b) The term of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such Option in the form of an Incentive Stock Option and 10 years plus two days from the date of grant of such Option in the form of a Non-Qualified Stock Option. (c) The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part. (d) The Committee shall determine the method or methods by which, and the form or forms, including cash, Shares, other Awards, other property, net settlement, broker assisted cashless exercise or any combination thereof, having a Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the relevant exercise price, in which payment of the exercise price with respect thereto may be made or deemed to have been made. (e) Any Option intended to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option shall be designated as such under the terms of the applicable Award Document. The terms of any such Incentive Stock Option shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code. (f) Subject to Section 12 and Section 13, in general, no portion of an Award of Options is intended to vest prior to the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date set forth in the Award Document; however, the Committee may provide for shorter vesting if appropriate under the circumstances as determined by the Committee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, no dividends or dividend equivalents will be earned or paid on the Shares underlying any Options granted and outstanding under the Plan. Section 7. Stock Appreciation Rights. The Committee is authorized to grant SARs to Participants with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine. (a) SARs may be granted under the Plan to Participants either alone (“freestanding”) or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan (“tandem”) and may, but need not, relate to a specific Option granted under Section 6. (b) The exercise price per Share under a SAR shall be determined by the Committee; provided , however , that such exercise price shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such SAR. (c) The term of each SAR shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such SAR. (d) The Committee shall determine the time or times at which a SAR may be exercised or settled in whole or in part. (e) Subject to Section 12 and Section 13, in general, no portion of an Award of SARs is intended to vest prior to the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date set forth in the Award Document; however, the Committee may provide for shorter vesting if appropriate under the circumstances as determined by the Committee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, no dividends or dividend equivalents will be earned or paid on the Shares underlying any SARs granted and outstanding under the Plan. Section 8. Restricted Stock and RSUs. The Committee is authorized to grant Awards of Restricted Stock and RSUs to Participants with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine. (a) Shares of Restricted Stock and RSUs shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose (including any limitation on the right to receive any dividend, dividend equivalent or other right), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times, in such installments or otherwise, as the Committee may deem appropriate; provided that, subject to Section 12 and Section 13, in general, each Award of Restricted Stock and RSUs (other than Performance Awards) is intended to vest in whole or in part (including in installments) over a period of not less than three years from the vesting commencement date set forth in the Award Document; however, the Committee may provide for shorter vesting if appropriate under the circumstances as determined by the Committee. (b) With respect to Shares of Restricted Stock, a Participant generally shall have the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect thereto, including the right to vote such Shares of Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Award relates to Shares on which dividends are declared during the period that the Award is outstanding, such dividends or dividend equivalents shall be paid in cash on the vesting date of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of the underlying Award of Restricted Stock, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. Any share of Restricted Stock may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including book-entry registration. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, no dividends or dividend equivalent rights shall be provided with respect to any Shares of Restricted Stock that do not vest pursuant to their terms. (c) With respect to an RSU Award, each RSU covered by such Award shall represent a right to receive the value of one Share in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. An RSU shall not convey to the Participant the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to the Share subject to the RSU, such as the right to vote or the right to receive dividends, unless and until a Share is issued to the Participant to settle the RSU. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, RSU Awards shall convey the right to receive dividend equivalents on the Shares underlying the RSU Award with respect to any dividends declared during the period that the RSU Award is outstanding. Such dividend equivalent rights shall accumulate and shall be paid in cash on the settlement date of the underlying RSU Award, subject to the satisfaction of the vesting and other conditions of the underlying RSU Award, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. Shares delivered upon the vesting and settlement of an RSU Award may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including book-entry registration. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, no dividend equivalent rights shall be provided with respect to any Shares subject to RSUs that do not vest or settle pursuant to their terms. (d) If the Committee intends that an Award granted under this Section 8 shall constitute or provide for Section 162(m) Compensation, such Award shall be structured in accordance with the requirements of Section 9, including the performance criteria and the Award limitation set forth therein, and any such Award shall be considered a Performance Award for purposes of the Plan. Section 9. Performance Awards. The Committee is authorized to grant Performance Awards with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine: (a) Performance Awards may be denominated as a cash amount, number of Shares or units or a combination thereof and are Awards which may be earned upon achievement or satisfaction of performance conditions specified by the Committee. In addition, the Committee may specify that any other Award shall constitute a Performance Award by conditioning the grant or the right to exercise the Award or have it settled, and the timing thereof, upon achievement or satisfaction of such performance conditions as may be specified by the Committee. The Committee may use such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the performance goals to be achieved during any Performance Period, the length of any Performance Period, the amount of any Performance Award granted and the amount of any payment or transfer to be made pursuant to any Performance Award shall be determined by the Committee. (b) If the Committee intends that a Performance Award should constitute Section 162(m) Compensation, such Performance Award shall be subject to a pre-established formula, such that payment, retention or vesting of the Award is subject to the achievement during a Performance Period or Performance Periods, as determined by the Committee, of a level or levels of, or increases in, in each case as determined by the Committee, one or more of the following performance measures with respect to the Company: asset turnover, cash flow, contribution margin, cost objectives, cost reduction, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), earnings per share, economic value added, free cash flow, increase in customer base, inventory turnover, liquidity, market share, net income, net income margin, operating cash flow, operating profit margin, pre-tax income, productivity, profit margin, quality (internal or external measures), return on assets, return on net assets, return on capital, return on invested capital, return on equity, revenue, revenue growth, stockholder value, stock price, total shareholder return, and/or warranty experience. The Committee shall have the power to impose such other restrictions on Awards subject to this Section 9(b) as it may deem necessary or appropriate to ensure that such Awards satisfy all requirements for Section 162(m) Compensation. In order to ensure that any Performance Award that is intended to qualify as Section 162(m) Compensation so qualifies, no Participant may be granted in any calendar year Performance Awards denominated in cash that, taken collectively in the aggregate, could result in a future payout at maximum performance in excess of $20,000,000. (c) Each performance criterion may be measured on an absolute ( e.g. , plan or budget) or relative basis. Relative performance may be measured against a group of peer companies, a financial market index or other acceptable objective and quantifiable indices which the Committee selects. The Committee may modify those performance objectives or the related minimum acceptable level of achievement, in whole or in part, as the Committee deems appropriate and equitable to account for any of the following events that occurs during the applicable Performance Period: (i) the effects of currency fluctuations, (ii) any or all items that are excluded from the calculation of non-GAAP earnings as reflected in any Company press release or Form 8-K filing relating to an earnings announcement, (iii) asset write-downs, (iv) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (v) the effect of changes in tax law, accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results, (vi) reorganization and restructuring programs or capital return strategies, (vii) significant volume changes in any market or region, (viii) significant impacts or limitations to production capacity (ix) macro-economic or political assumption changes, (x) extraordinary and non-recurring accounting items and (xi) any other extraordinary or non-operational items; provided, however , that in the case of a Performance Award intended to qualify as Section 162(m) Compensation, such modifications shall be made only to the extent that they would not disqualify such Performance Award as Section 162(m) Compensation. Performance measures may vary from Performance Award to Performance Award, respectively, and from Participant to Participant, and may be established on a stand-alone basis, in tandem or in the alternative. (d) Settlement of Performance Awards shall be in cash, Shares, other Awards, or any combination thereof, in the sole discretion of the Committee. The Committee may increase or reduce the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with a Performance Award but may not exercise discretion to increase any amount payable to a Covered Employee in respect of a Performance Award intended to qualify as Section 162(m) Compensation in a manner that would prevent the Performance Award from qualifying as Section 162(m) Compensation. Any settlement that changes the form of payment from that originally specified shall be implemented in a manner such that the Performance Award and other related Awards do not, solely for that reason, fail to qualify as Section 162(m) Compensation, if such Performance Award is intended by the Committee to so qualify. (e) A Performance Award shall not convey to the Participant the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to the Performance Award, such as the right to vote (except as relates to Restricted Stock) or the right to receive dividends, unless and until Shares are earned pursuant to the Performance Award and are issued to the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, each Performance Award shall convey the right to receive dividend equivalents with respect to any dividends declared during the period that the Performance Award is outstanding, but solely with respect to those Shares underlying the Performance Awards that are earned. Such dividend equivalents rights shall accumulate and shall be paid in cash on the settlement date of the underlying Performance Award, subject to the satisfaction of the performance, vesting and other conditions of the underlying Performance Award, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, no dividend equivalent rights shall be provided with respect to any Shares subject to a Performance Award that are not earned or do not vest pursuant to the terms of the Performance Award. Section 10. Other Stock-Based Awards. The Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants such other Awards that may be denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares or factors that may influence the value of Shares, including convertible or exchangeable debt securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, purchase rights for Shares, Awards with value and payment contingent upon performance of the Company or business units thereof or any other factors designated by the Committee. Section 11. Conditions Precedent to Awards . As a condition precedent to the vesting, exercise, payment or settlement of any portion of any Award at any time prior to a Change in Control, each Participant shall: (a) refrain from engaging in any activity which will cause damage to the Company or is in any manner inimical or in any way contrary to the best interests of the Company, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or chief human resources officer (or such individuals holding a comparable role in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles), (b) not for a period of 12 months following any voluntary termination of employment or service, directly or indirectly, knowingly induce any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary to leave his or her employment for participation, directly or indirectly, with any existing or future business venture associated with such Participant, and (c) furnish to the Company such information with respect to the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions precedent as the Committee may reasonably request. In addition, the Committee may require a Participant to enter into such agreements as the Committee considers appropriate. The failure by any Participant to satisfy any of the foregoing conditions precedent shall result in the immediate cancellation of the unvested portion of any Award and any portion of any vested Award that has not yet been exercised, paid or settled and such Participant will not be entitled to receive any consideration with respect to such cancellation. Section 12. Effect of Termination of Service on Awards. Subject to Sections 11 and Section 13, and unless otherwise provided by the Committee in any Award Document, or as the Committee may determine in any individual case, the following shall apply with respect to a Participant’s outstanding Awards upon such Participant’s Termination of Service. (a) Death . In the event of a Participant’s Termination of Service due to death: (i) Each Option and SAR held by the Participant shall immediately vest (to the extent not vested) and become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the third anniversary of the date of death or, if earlier, the expiration date of such Option or SAR. (ii) Each Restricted Stock and RSU Award held by the Participant shall immediately vest. Any RSU that vests pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be settled within 90 days following the Participant’s death. (iii) Each outstanding Performance Award held by the Participant (A) shall have any service-based vesting requirements waived, (B) shall be earned based upon the achievement of the performance conditions applicable to such Award, and (C) shall be paid or settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (b) Disability . In the event of a Participant’s Termination of Service due to Disability: (i) Each Option and SAR held by the Participant shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with its existing vesting schedule and shall remain exercisable until the expiration date of such Option or SAR. (ii) Each Restricted Stock and RSU Award held by the Participant shall continue to vest in accordance with its existing vesting schedule. Each RSU that vests pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (iii) Each outstanding Performance Award held by the Participant (A) shall have any service-based vesting requirements waived, (B) shall be earned based upon the achievement of the performance conditions applicable to such Award and (C) shall be paid or settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (c) Full Career Status Termination . In the event of a Participant’s Termination of Service after achieving Full Career Status: (i) Each outstanding Option and SAR held by the Participant shall immediately vest (to the extent not vested) and become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the expiration date of such Option or SAR. (ii) With respect to each outstanding Restricted Stock or RSU Award held by the Participant: (A) If such Termination of Service occurs on or prior to the one-year anniversary of the grant date of the Award (or if earlier, the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date as set forth in the Award Document), such Award shall be prorated (as set forth in the Award Document) and the pro-rata portion of the Award that is retained shall continue to vest in accordance with its existing vesting schedule, with the remaining portion of the Award being forfeited. RSUs that vest pursuant to this Section 12(c)(ii)(A) shall be settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (B) If such Termination of Service occurs after the one-year anniversary of the grant date of such Award (or if earlier, the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date as set forth in the Award Document), such Award shall continue to vest in accordance with its existing vesting schedule. RSUs that vest pursuant to this Section 12(c)(ii)(B) shall be settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (iii) With respect to each outstanding Performance Award held by the Participant: (A) If such Termination of Service occurs within the first year of the Performance Period, (x) the Performance Award shall be prorated (as set forth in the Award Document) and the pro-rata portion of the Performance Award that is retained shall have any service-based vesting requirements waived, (y) the pro-rata portion of the Performance Award that is retained shall be earned based upon the achievement of the performance conditions applicable to such Award, and (z) the Performance Award shall be paid or settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (B) If such Termination of Service occurs after the first year of the Performance Period, the Performance Award (x) shall have any service-based vesting requirements waived, (y) shall be earned based upon the achievement of the performance conditions applicable to such Award, and (z) shall be paid or settled on the scheduled settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the applicable Award Document. (d) Other Terminations . In the event of a Participant’s Termination of Service for any reason not specified in this Section 12, the Participant shall not be entitled to retain any portion of an Award; provided that any Option or SAR that is vested on the date of the Termination of Service shall remain outstanding and exercisable until the earlier of (i) the applicable expiration date of such Option or SAR or (ii) 90 days after the Termination of Service. (e) Termination Pursuant to Approved Separation Agreement or Program . Notwithstanding the above provisions, in the event of a Participant's Termination of Service pursuant to an approved separation agreement or program, such Participant will not be entitled to retain any portion of an Award. (f) Alternative Treatment . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may provide for any alternative treatment of outstanding Awards, and the circumstances in which, and the extent to which, any such Awards may be exercised, settled, vested, paid or forfeited in the event of a Participant’s Termination of Service prior to the end of a Performance Period or the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, either in an Award Document or, subject to Section 15, by Committee action after the grant of an Award. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Document or otherwise determined by the Committee, a qualifying leave of absence shall not constitute a Termination of Service. A Participant’s absence or leave shall be deemed to be a qualifying leave of absence if so provided under the Company’s employee policies or if approved by the Company’s chief human resources officer (or such individual holding a comparable role in the event of a restructuring of positions or redesignation of titles). Section 13. Effect of a Change in Control on Awards. (a) In the event of a Change in Control, unless otherwise provided in an Award Document, outstanding Options and SARs shall be treated as described in subsection (i) below, outstanding Restricted Stock and RSUs shall be treated as described in subsection (ii) below and outstanding Performance Awards shall be treated as described in subsection (iii) below. (i) (A) If in connection with the Change in Control, any outstanding Option or SAR is continued in effect or converted into an option to purchase or right with respect to stock of the successor or surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary thereof) which conversion shall comply with Sections 424 (to the extent applicable) and 409A of the Code, then upon the occurrence of a Termination of Service of a Participant by the Company without Cause or a Termination of Service by such Participant for Good Reason within 24 months following the Change in Control, such Option(s) or SAR(s) held by such Participant shall vest and become exercisable and shall remain exercisable until the earlier of the expiration of its full specified term or the first anniversary of such Termination of Service. (B) If outstanding Options or SARs are not continued or converted as described in subsection (i)(A) above, such Options or SARs shall vest and become fully exercisable effective immediately prior to the Change in Control (in a manner facilitating full exercise, including cashless exercise by Participants subject to the Change in Control) and any Options or SARs not exercised prior to the Change in Control shall be cancelled without consideration effective as of the Change in Control. (ii) (A) If in connection with the Change in Control, any outstanding Restricted Stock or RSU is continued in effect or converted into a restricted stock or unit representing an interest in stock of the successor or surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary thereof) on a basis substantially equivalent to the consideration received by stockholders of the Company in connection with the Change in Control, then upon the occurrence of an involuntary Termination of Service of a Participant by the Company without Cause or a Termination of Service by such Participant for Good Reason within 24 months following the Change in Control, such restricted stock or unit(s) held by such Participant shall vest and, in the case of units, be immediately due and payable. (B) If outstanding Restricted Stock or RSUs are not continued or converted as described in subsection (ii)(A) above, such Restricted Stock or RSUs shall vest and, in the case of RSUs, be due and payable effective immediately prior to the Change in Control. (iii) With respect to each outstanding Performance Award, (A) the Performance Period shall end as of the date immediately prior to such Change in Control and the Committee shall determine the extent to which the performance criteria applicable to such Performance Award have been satisfied at such time, (B) the portion of such Performance Award that is deemed to have been earned pursuant to clause (A) above shall be converted into a time-vesting Award of equivalent value to which any service vesting requirements applicable to the predecessor Performance Award shall continue to apply and (C) the converted time-vesting Award shall be paid or settled on the settlement date or dates as provided under the terms of the predecessor Performance Award that would have applied had a Change in Control not occurred; provided that upon the occurrence of a Termination of Service of a Participant by the Company without Cause or a Termination of Service by such Participant for Good Reason within 24 months following the Change in Control, any service vesting requirements applicable to any such converted Award shall be deemed to have been met and such converted Award shall be immediately paid or settled upon such Termination of Service. For purposes of subsections (i) and (ii) above, no Option, SAR, Restricted Stock or RSU (including Performance Awards denominated in any of the foregoing forms) shall be treated as “continued or converted” on a basis consistent with the requirements of subsection (i)(A) or (ii)(A), as applicable, unless the stock underlying such award after such continuation or conversion consists of securities of a class that is widely held and publicly traded on a U.S. national securities exchange. (b) In addition, in the event of a Change in Control and to the extent not less favorable to a Participant than the provisions of Section 13(a) above or the applicable Award Document, the Committee, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such Change in Control, may take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Committee determines that such action is appropriate or desirable in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or to facilitate the Change in Control transaction: (i) to terminate or cancel any outstanding Award in exchange for a cash payment (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the Change in Control, the Committee determines that no amount would have been realized upon the exercise of the Award or other realization of the Participant’s rights, then the Award may be cancelled by the Company without payment of consideration); (ii) to provide for the assumption, substitution, replacement or continuation of any Award by the successor or surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary thereof) with cash, securities, rights or other property to be paid or issued, as the case may be, by the successor or surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), and to provide for appropriate adjustments with respect to the number and type of securities (or other consideration) of the successor or surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), subject to any replacement awards, the terms and conditions of the replacement awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect thereto) and the grant, exercise or purchase price per share for the replacement awards; (iii) to make any other adjustments in the number and type of securities (or other consideration) subject to outstanding Awards and in the terms and conditions of outstanding Awards (including the grant or exercise price and performance criteria with respect thereto) and Awards that may be granted in the future; and (iv) to provide that any Award shall be accelerated and become exercisable, payable and/or fully vested with respect to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the applicable Award Document. Section 14. General Provisions Applicable to Awards. (a) Awards shall be granted for no cash consideration or for such minimal cash consideration as may be required by applicable law. (b) Awards may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to or in tandem with any other Award or any award granted under any other plan of the Company. Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards, or in addition to or in tandem with awards granted under any other plan of the Company, may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards or awards. (c) Subject to the terms of the Plan, payments or transfers to be made by the Company upon the grant, exercise or settlement of an Award may be made in the form of cash, Shares, other Awards, other property, net settlement, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee in its discretion at the time of grant, and may be made in a single payment or transfer, in installments or on a deferred basis, in each case in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee. Such rules and procedures may include provisions for the payment or crediting of reasonable interest on installment or deferred payments or the grant or crediting of dividend equivalents in respect of installment or deferred payments. (d) Except pursuant to Section 14(e) or the laws of descent, no Award and no right under any Award may be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, sold or transferred, including as between spouses or pursuant to a domestic relations order in connection with dissolution of marriage, or by operation of law other than the laws of descent. An Award, and any rights under an Award, shall be exercisable only by the Participant during the Participant’s lifetime unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the Participant lacks the capacity to handle his or her own affairs, in which case an Award or any rights under an Award may be exercised by the person to whom such court has expressly granted authority to exercise such Award or the rights under such Award on the Participant’s behalf. After the Participant’s lifetime, an Award and any rights under an Award shall be exercisable only by the designated Beneficiary, by the person who obtains an interest pursuant to laws of descent or by the Participant’s estate. In the event a person who so obtains an interest in an Award is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to lack the capacity to handle his or her own affairs, an Award or any rights under an Award may be exercised by the person to whom such court has expressly granted authority to exercise such Award or the rights under such Award on the person’s behalf. The Plan shall not recognize any grant of authority to exercise an Award or any rights under an Award except as set forth in this Section 14(d). The provisions of this Section 14(d) shall not apply to any Award that has been fully exercised or settled, as the case may be, and shall not preclude forfeiture of an Award in accordance with the terms thereof or of the Plan. (e) A Participant may designate a Beneficiary or change a previous Beneficiary designation at such times prescribed by the Committee by using forms and following procedures approved or accepted by the Committee for that purpose. (f) Any Awards granted under the Plan (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policies the Company has in place from time to time. (g) Subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, if the Company or any Subsidiary has any unpaid claim against a Participant arising out of or in connection with the Participant’s employment or service with any Subsidiary, prior to settlement of an Award, such claim may be offset against Awards under this Plan (up to $5,000 per year) and at the time of vesting or settlement of any Award, such claim may be offset in total. Such claims may include, but are not limited to, unpaid taxes or corporate business credit card charges. Section 15. Amendments and Termination. (a) Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and unless otherwise expressly provided in an Award Document or in the Plan, the Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided, however , that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made without (i) stockholder approval if such approval is required by applicable law or the rules of the stock market or exchange, if any, on which the Shares are principally quoted or traded or (ii) the consent of the affected Participant, if such action would materially adversely affect the rights of such Participant under any outstanding Award, except (A) to the extent any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination is made to cause the Plan to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations, (B) to impose any clawback or recoupment provisions with respect to any Awards (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) adopted by the Company from time to time, or (C) as the Board determines in good faith to be in the best interests of the Participants affected thereby; provided further, that the Committee’s authority under this Section 15(a) is limited in the case of Awards subject to Section 9(b), as provided in Section 9(b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Committee may amend the Plan, or create sub-plans, in such manner as may be necessary to enable the Plan to achieve its stated purposes in any jurisdiction in a tax‑efficient manner and in compliance with local rules and regulations. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan into effect. (b) The Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any provision of the Plan or any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, without the consent of any relevant Participant or holder or Beneficiary of an Award; provided, however , that no such action shall materially adversely affect the rights of any affected Participant or holder or Beneficiary under any Award theretofore granted under the Plan, except (i) to the extent any such action is made to cause the Plan to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations, (ii) to impose any clawback or recoupment provisions with respect to any Awards (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) adopted by the Company from time to time, or (iii) as the Committee determines in good faith to be in the best interests of the Participants affected thereby; and provided further , that the Committee’s authority under this Section 15(b) is limited in the case of Awards subject to Section 9(b), as provided in Section 9(b). (c) The Committee may specify in an Award Document that the Participant’s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to the conditions set forth in Section 11 and any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Such events may include (without limitation) a Termination of Service with or without Cause (and, in the case of any Cause that is resulting from an indictment or other non-final determination, the Committee may provide for such Award to be held in escrow or abeyance until a final resolution of the matters related to such event occurs, at which time the Award shall either be reduced, cancelled or forfeited (as provided in such Award Document) or remain in effect, depending on the outcome), violation of material policies, breach of noncompetition, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the Participant, or other conduct by the Participant that is determined in the sole discretion of the Committee to be detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as provided in Section 5(c), without approval of the Company’s stockholders, (i) no action shall directly or indirectly, through cancellation and regrant or any other method, reduce, or have the effect of reducing, the exercise price of any Option or SAR established at the time of grant thereof and (ii) no Option or SAR may be cancelled in exchange for cash or other securities at any time when the exercise price for such Option or SAR is greater than the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying such Option or SAR. Section 16. Miscellaneous. (a) No employee, consultant, advisor, Participant or other person shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of employees, consultants, advisors, Participants or holders or Beneficiaries of Awards under the Plan. The terms and conditions of Awards need not be the same with respect to each recipient. Any Award granted under the Plan shall be a one-time Award that does not constitute a promise of future grants. The Committee maintains the right to make available future grants under the Plan. (b) The grant of an Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Subsidiary. Further, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary may at any time dismiss a Participant, free from any liability, or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in any Award Document or in any other agreement binding the parties. The receipt of any Award under the Plan is not intended to confer any rights on the receiving Participant except as set forth in the applicable Award Document. (c) Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Committee or the Company from adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation arrangements (including Share-based arrangements), and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. (d) The Company (or any Subsidiary) shall be authorized to withhold from any Award granted or any payment due or transfer made under any Award or under the Plan or from any compensation or other amount owing to a Participant the amount (in cash, Shares, other Awards, other property, net settlement, or any combination thereof) of applicable withholding taxes due in respect of an Award, its exercise or settlement or any payment or transfer under such Award or under the Plan and to take such other action (including providing for elective payment of such amounts in cash or Shares by the Participant) as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company (or the Subsidiary) to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. (e) If any provision of the Plan or any Award Document is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or as to any person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award Document, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award, and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award Document shall remain in full force and effect. (f) Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and a Participant or any other person. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. (g) No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine whether cash or other securities shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares, or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be cancelled, terminated or otherwise eliminated. (h) Awards may be granted to Participants who are non-United States nationals or employed or providing services outside the United States, or both, on such terms and conditions different from those applicable to Awards to Participants who are employed or providing services in the United States as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be necessary or desirable to recognize differences in local law, tax policy or custom. The Committee also may impose conditions on the exercise or vesting of Awards in order to minimize the Company’s obligation with respect to tax equalization for Participants on assignments outside their home country. Section 17. Effective Date of the Plan. The Plan shall be effective as of the Effective Date, subject to stockholder approval. Section 18. Term of the Plan. No Award shall be granted under the Plan after the earliest to occur of (a) the tenth year anniversary of the Effective Date, (b) the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan have been issued or (c) the Board terminates the Plan in accordance with Section 15(a). However, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in an applicable Award Document, any Award theretofore granted may extend beyond such date, and the authority of the Committee to amend, alter, adjust, suspend, discontinue or terminate any such Award, or to waive any conditions or rights under any such Award, and the authority of the Board to amend the Plan, shall extend beyond such date. Section 19. Section 409A of the Code. With respect to Awards subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the provisions of the Plan and any Award Document shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Plan shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of the Plan or any term or condition of any Award would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision, term or condition will be interpreted and, to the extent necessary, deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict . If an amount payable under an Award as a result of the Participant’s Termination of Service (other than due to death) occurring while the Participant is a “specified employee” under Section 409A of the Code constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, then payment of such amount shall not occur until six months and one day after the date of the Participant’s Termination of Service, except as permitted under Section 409A of the Code. To the extent any amount that is “nonqualified deferred compensation” for purposes of Section 409A of the Code becomes payable upon a Termination of Service, such Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred any earlier than a “separation from service” would occur under Section 409A of the Code, and related regulations and guidance thereunder. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to the Participant or any other person if any provisions or payments, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy the provisions thereof. Section 20. Data Protection. By participating in the Plan, the Participant consents to the holding and processing of personal information provided by the Participant to the Company or any Subsidiary, trustee or third party service provider, for all purposes relating to the operation of the Plan. These include, but are not limited to: (a) administering and maintaining Participant records; (b) providing information to the Company, Subsidiaries, trustees of any employee benefit trust, registrars, brokers or third party administrators of the Plan; (c) providing information to future purchasers or merger partners of the Company or any Subsidiary, or the business in which the Participant works; and (d) transferring information about the Participant to any country or territory that may not provide the same protection for the information as the Participant’s home country. Section 21. Governing Law. The Plan and each Award Document shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of the conflicts of law principles thereof.
Ex. 10.2 - 2014 Short-Term Incentive Plan Exhibit 10.2 GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY 2014 SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Section 1. Purpose . The purpose of the General Motors Company 2014 Short-Term Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the “ Plan ”) is to provide to certain employees of General Motors Company (the “ Company ”) and its Subsidiaries incentive compensation based upon the achievement of financial, business and other performance goals. This Plan is intended to permit the payment of bonuses that may qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. Section 2. Definitions . As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: (a) “ Award ” means a cash incentive award opportunity granted to a Participant under the Plan with respect to a Performance Period in accordance with Section 5. (b) “ Beneficiary ” means a person designated by a Participant to receive payments that are available under the Plan in the event of the Participant’s death. (c) “ Board ” means the Board of Directors of the Company. (d) “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. Any reference to a provision in the Code shall include any successor provision thereto. (e) “ Committee ” means the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee as may be designated by the Board to perform the functions of the Executive Compensation Committee with respect to this Plan. If the Board does not designate the Committee, references herein to the “Committee” shall refer to the Board. (f) “ Covered Employee ” means an individual who is a “covered employee” or expected by the Committee to be a “covered employee,” in each case within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code, for whom the Committee intends an Award to be “qualified performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code. (g) “ Disability ” means, with respect to any Participant, such Participant’s inability upon a Termination of Service to engage in any gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. (h) “ Effective Date ” means March 11, 2014. (i) “ Final Award ” means, with respect to a Performance Period, the amount of an Award that will become payable to a Participant, subject to any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Award, as determined by the Committee under Section 7. (j) Achievement of “ Full Career Status ” means a Participant’s voluntary Termination of Service (i) at the age of 55 or older with ten or more years of continuous service or (ii) at the age of 62 or older. The chief human resources officer of the Company (or such individual holding comparable roles in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles) shall have the binding authority to determine how many years of continuous service a Participant has at any given time. (k) “ Participant ” means any employee selected by the Committee to participate in the Plan for a Performance Period. (l) “ Performance Measures ” means any one or more of the following performance measures, applied to either the Company as a whole or to a business unit, Subsidiary or business segment and measured either on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to a previous period’s results or to a designated comparison group, in each case as specified by the Committee: asset turnover, cash flow, contribution margin, cost objectives, cost reduction, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), earnings per share, economic value added, free cash flow, increase in customer base, inventory turnover, liquidity, market share, net income, net income margin, operating cash flow, operating profit margin, pre-tax income, productivity, profit margin, quality (internal or external measures), return on assets, return on net assets, return on capital, return on invested capital, return on equity, revenue, revenue growth, stockholder value, stock price, total shareholder return, and/or warranty experience. (m) “ Performance Period ” means the Company’s fiscal year, or any other period as determined by the Committee. (n) “ Subsidiary ” means an entity of which the Company directly or indirectly holds all or a majority of the value of the outstanding equity interests of such entity or a majority of the voting power with respect to the voting securities of such entity. Whether employment by or service with a Subsidiary is included within the scope of this Plan shall be determined by the Committee. (o) “ Target Award ” means the amount that a Participant may earn under an Award if targeted performance levels are achieved (including corporate and individual performance). Target Awards may be denominated as a percentage of base salary or a dollar amount. (p) “ Termination of Service ” means, subject to Section 15, the cessation of a Participant’s employment relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary such that the Participant is no longer an employee of the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable; provided, however , that, unless the Committee determines otherwise, such cessation of the Participant’s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary, but the continuation of the Participant’s employment for the Company at another Subsidiary shall not be deemed a cessation of employment or service that would constitute a Termination of Service; provided, further , that a Termination of Service shall be deemed to occur for a Participant employed by a Subsidiary when the Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary unless such Participant’s employment continues with the Company or another Subsidiary. The chief human resources officer of the Company (or such individual holding comparable roles in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles) shall have the binding authority to determine whether a Participant has had a cessation of his or her employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. Section 3. Eligibility . Any person who is employed by the Company or any Subsidiary may be designated by the Committee as a Participant from time to time. Section 4. Administration . (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties, including the Company, its stockholders and Participants and any Beneficiaries thereof. The Committee may issue rules and regulations for administration of the Plan. It shall meet at such times and places as it may determine. (b) To the extent necessary or desirable to comply with applicable regulatory regimes, any action by the Committee shall require the approval of Committee members who are (i) independent, within the meaning of and to the extent required by applicable rulings and interpretations of the applicable stock market or exchange on which any equity securities issued by the Company are quoted or traded and (ii) outside directors pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee may delegate to one or more members of the Committee or officers of the Company the authority to establish the terms of Awards, determine Final Awards or take any other actions permitted under the Plan, within any limits established by the Committee, except that such delegation to an officer of the Company shall not apply with respect to any Award for any Participant who is a Covered Employee. (c) Subject to applicable law, the terms of the Plan and such orders or resolutions as may be adopted by the Board from time to time that are not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, the Committee (or its delegate) shall have full power, discretion and authority to: (i) subject to Section 3, designate eligible individuals who will be Participants; (ii) determine the terms and conditions of any Award; (iii) determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances amounts payable with respect to an Award under the Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of the Committee; (iv) interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan; (v) establish, amend, suspend or waive such rules and regulations as it shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan and due compliance with applicable law or accounting or tax rules and regulations; (vi) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and due compliance with applicable law or accounting or tax rules and regulations and (vii) to construe, interpret and apply the provisions of this Plan. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan to the contrary, in any instance where a determination is to be made under the Plan at the discretion of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or chief human resources officer (or such individuals holding a comparable role in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer shall make such determination in respect of the Company’s chief human resources officer, and the Committee shall make such determination in respect of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (or, in each case, such individuals holding the comparable roles in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles). Section 5. Establishment of Award Terms . Subject to the limitations described in Section 8, the Committee shall establish the terms of each Award, including the Performance Period; the positions or names of the employees who will be Participants for the Performance Period; the Target Award for each Participant or group of Participants (including any minimum or maximum amount); the applicable Performance Measures and any other additional goals, formulas or performance-based measures relating to the Company, any business unit, Subsidiary or business segment of the Company, or to an individual Participant; targeted achievement levels (including any minimum or maximum achievement levels) relating to such Performance Measures or other goals; the formula or methodology that will be applied to determine the extent to which Awards have been earned and any other terms that will be applicable to the Awards, including the payment date, payment conditions and any vesting schedule applicable to any Final Award. Section 6. Adjustments to Performance Measures, Goals and Formulas. To the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee may adjust, in whole or in part, any Performance Measures or any other applicable goals, formulas or performance-based measures, the targeted achievement levels (including any minimum or maximum achievement levels) relating to such Performance Measures, goals, formulas or performance-based measures, and the formula or methodology to be applied against the Performance Measures goals, formulas or performance-based measures, as the Committee may deem appropriate and equitable to account for any of the following events that occur during a Performance Period: (a) the effects of currency fluctuations, (b) any or all items that are excluded from the calculation of non-GAAP earnings as reflected in any Company press release or Form 8-K filing relating to an earnings announcement, (c) asset write-downs, (d) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (e) the effect of changes in tax law, accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results, (f) reorganization and restructuring programs or capital return strategies, (g) significant volume changes in any market or region, (h) significant impacts or limitations to production capacity (i) macro-economic or political assumption changes, (j) extraordinary and non-recurring accounting items and (k) any other extraordinary or non-operational items. Section 7. Determination of Final Awards. (a) As soon as practicable after the end of each Performance Period, the Committee shall determine the extent to which the targeted achievement levels of the applicable Performance Measures and any other goals, formulas or performance-based measures applicable to each Award have been satisfied. (b) The Committee may, in its sole discretion, adjust (upward or downward) the Award of any Participant or group of Participants; provided, that the Committee shall not adjust the Award of any Covered Employee above the maximum payout determined in accordance with Section 8(b). (c) The Committee shall determine the Final Award for each Participant or group of Participants after applying any adjustments described in Section 7(b) and subject to the limitations described in Section 8. Section 8. Awards for Covered Employees . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the following procedures and limitations shall apply with respect to any Award to a Covered Employee. (a) On or before the earlier of (i) the date that is 90 days after commencement of the Performance Period or (ii) the expiration of 25 percent of the Performance Period, the Committee shall establish and approve in writing one or more Performance Measures applicable to the Covered Employee’s Award, the targeted achievement levels (including any minimum or maximum achievement levels) relating to such Performance Measures, and an objective formula or methodology that will be applied against the Performance Measures to determine the maximum amount payable under the Award. (b) After the end of each Performance Period, the Committee shall determine and shall certify in writing the extent to which the targeted achievement levels with respect to the applicable Performance Measures have been satisfied and shall apply the pre-established objective formula or methodology to determine the maximum amount payable under the Covered Employee’s Award. (c) For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 8, the Committee may adjust the maximum payout level downward by applying any other applicable Performance Measures or other goals, formulas or performance-based measures pursuant to Section 7(a) and by making any other adjustments pursuant to Section 7(c). (d) The Final Award for a Covered Employee shall in no instance exceed $7,500,000 for any fiscal year of the Company. Section 9. Payment of Awards. (a) Payment of the Final Awards for a Performance Period shall be made in cash on or as soon as administratively practicable after the Committee’s determination of the Final Awards (or if later, any vesting date or dates applicable to the Final Award), but no later than March 15 of the year following the end of the applicable Performance Period (or the applicable vesting date or dates); provided that at the time of grant, subject to Section 15, the Committee may determine that an Award will be paid at a later date. (b) Notwithstanding Section 9(a), the Company may, in its sole discretion, permit or require the deferral of payment of any Final Award in accordance with the terms of any deferred compensation plan or arrangement established or maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries from time to time. Section 10. Conditions Precedent to Final Awards . As a condition precedent to the payment of all or any portion of the Final Award, each Participant shall: (a) refrain from engaging in any activity which will cause damage to the Company or is in any manner inimical or in any way contrary to the best interests of the Company, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or chief human resources officer (or such individuals holding a comparable role in the event of a restructuring of positions or re-designation of titles), (b) not for a period of 12 months following any voluntary termination of employment, directly or indirectly, knowingly induce any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary to leave his or her employment for participation, directly or indirectly, with any existing or future business venture associated with such Participant, and (c) furnish to the Company such information with respect to the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions precedent as the Committee may reasonably request. In addition, the Committee may require a Participant to enter into such agreements as the Committee considers appropriate. The failure by any Participant to satisfy any of the foregoing conditions precedent shall result in the immediate cancellation of any unpaid portion of his or her Award, and such Participant will not be entitled to receive any consideration with respect to such cancellation. Section 11. Effect of Termination of Employment . Subject to Section 9(b) and Section 10, and unless otherwise provided by the Committee at the time of the grant of the Award, or as the Committee may determine in any individual case, the following shall apply with respect to a Participant’s outstanding Awards upon such Participant’s Termination of Service. (a) Except as set forth below, in the event of the Participant’s Termination of Service for any reason, any unpaid portion of any Award shall be forfeited. (b) In the event of a Participant’s Termination of Service due to death or Disability, in either instance before or after the end of a Performance Period but before payment of his or her Final Award, the Participant’s Final Award will be determined (if not already determined) after the end of the Performance Period in accordance with Section 7, and the Final Award shall be paid to the Participant’s Beneficiary or Participant as soon as administratively practicable after the determination of the Final Award, but no later than March 15 of the year following the end of the applicable Performance Period. Any service-based vesting conditions applicable to such Final Award shall be waived. (c) In the event of a Participant’s voluntary Termination of Service after achieving Full Career Status before or after the end of a Performance Period but before payment of his or her Final Award, the Participant’s Final Award will be determined (if not already determined) after the end of the Performance Period in accordance with Section 7; provided that the Final Award will be prorated based on the number of months during the applicable Performance Period prior to the Participant’s Termination of Service. The Final Award shall be paid to the Participant as soon as administratively practicable after the determination of the Final Award, but no later than March 15 of the year following the end of the applicable Performance Period. Any service-based vesting conditions applicable to such Final Award shall be waived. (d) Notwithstanding the above provisions, in the event of a Participant's Termination of Service pursuant to an approved separation agreement or program, such Participant will not be entitled to retain any portion of an Award. Section 12. General Provisions Applicable to Awards . (a) Except pursuant to Section 12(b) or the laws of descent, no Award and no right under any Award may be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, alienated, sold or transferred, including as between spouses or pursuant to a domestic relations order in connection with dissolution of marriage, or by operation of law other than the laws of descent. (b) A Participant may designate a Beneficiary or change a previous Beneficiary designation at such times prescribed by the Committee by using forms and following procedures approved or accepted by the Committee for that purpose. (c) The entire expense of offering and administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Subsidiaries. (d) Any Awards granted under the Plan (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policies the Company has in place from time to time. (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan (including Sections Section 9, Section 11 and Section 15), the Committee may determine at any time and in its sole discretion, to accelerate or to delay any amounts payable with respect to any Award, or grant Awards subject to accelerated or delayed payment terms. (f) Subject to Section 15, if the Company or any Subsidiary has any unpaid claim against a Participant arising out of or in connection with the Participant’s employment with any Subsidiary, prior to payment of a Final Award, such claim may be offset against any Award under this Plan (up to $5,000 per year) and at the time of payment of any Award, such claim may be offset in total. Such claims may include, but are not limited to, unpaid taxes or corporate business credit card charges. (g) No employee, Participant or other person shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of employees, Participants or Beneficiaries under the Plan. The terms and conditions of Awards need not be the same with respect to each recipient. Any Award granted under the Plan shall be a one-time Award that does not constitute a promise of future grants. (h) The grant of an Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Subsidiary. Further, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary may at any time dismiss a Participant, free from any liability, or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in any other agreement binding the parties. (i) Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Committee or the Company from adopting other non-stockholder approved plans, policies and arrangements for granting incentives and other compensation to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation arrangements, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. (j) The Company (or any Subsidiary) shall be authorized to withhold from any payment due with respect to any Final Award the amount of applicable withholding taxes due in respect of an Award as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company (or the Subsidiary) to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. (k) If any provision of the Plan is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or as to any person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award, and the remainder of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect. (l) This Plan is unfunded and unsecured; nothing in this Plan shall be construed to create a trust or to establish or evidence any Participant’s claim of any right to payment of an Award other than as an unsecured general creditor with respect to any payment to which he or she may be entitled. Section 13. Effective Date of the Plan . The Plan shall be effective as of the Effective Date, subject to stockholder approval. Section 14. Amendment, Modification, Suspension and Termination of the Plan; Rescissions and Corrections . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided, however , that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if such approval is required by applicable law, including Section 162(m) of the Code except (a) to the extent any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination is made to cause the Plan to comply with applicable law or accounting or tax rules and regulations, (b) to impose any clawback or recoupment provisions with respect to any Awards (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) in accordance with Section 12(d) of the Plan or (c) as the Board determines in good faith to be in the best interests of the Participants affected thereby. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan into effect. Section 15. Section 409A of the Code. With respect to any Award subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the provisions of the Plan shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Plan shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of the Plan or any term or condition of any Award would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision, term or condition will be interpreted and, to the extent necessary, deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict . If an amount payable under an Award as a result of the Participant’s Termination of Service (other than due to death) occurring while the Participant is a “specified employee” under Section 409A of the Code constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, then payment of such amount shall not occur until six months and one day after the date of the Participant’s Termination of Service, except as permitted under Section 409A of the Code. To the extent any amount that is “nonqualified deferred compensation” for purposes of Section 409A of the Code becomes payable upon a Termination of Service, such Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred any earlier than a “separation from service” would occur under Section 409A of the Code, and related regulations and guidance thereunder. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to the Participant or any other person if any provisions or payments, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy the provisions thereof. Section 16. Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of the conflicts of law principles thereof.