Form 8-K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 7, 2010 Meridian Motor Group (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) DELAWARE 001-45678 38-0756180 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 400 Meridian Center, Riverside, Ohio 45431 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (313) 556-5000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year 3 ITEM 8.01 Other Events 3 ITEM 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 4 Signature 5 Index to Exhibits 6 2 Table of Contents ITEM 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year On December 7, 2010, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Meridian Motor Group (the “Company”) amended the Company’s bylaws to do the following: • Remove provisions that were effective only prior to an initial public offering of the Company’s securities (an “IPO”); • Delete a provision that permitted removal of a director only for cause following an IPO; • Change the name of the “Finance and Risk Management Committee” of the Board to the “Finance and Risk Committee”; and • Provide that the Company may issue shares in uncertificated form. The description above of the amendments to the Company’s bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the amendments, set forth in Exhibit 3.1 to this Form 8-K and incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 8.01 Other Events At the same meeting, the Board adopted a Restated Certificate of Incorporation for the Company, which restated and integrated all amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed before the date of the meeting, but did not further amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation is set forth in Exhibit 3.2 to this Form 8-K. 3 Table of Contents ITEM 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Bylaws of Meridian Motor Group, dated December 7, 2010 3.2 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Meridian Motor Group dated December 7, 2010 4 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Meridian Motor Group (Registrant) December 13, 2010 By: /s/ Nick S. Cyprus (Date) Nick S. Cyprus Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 5 Table of Contents Exhibit Index Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Bylaws of Meridian Motor Group, dated December 7, 2010 3.2 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Meridian Motor Group dated December 7, 2010 6
Bylaws of Meridian Motor Group Exhibit 3.1 Revisions to Meridian Motor Group Bylaws (Revised paragraphs only - deleted language is struck through; new language is underlined) 1.2 Special Meetings. ( d) Pre-IPO Special Meetings. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section 1.2, prior to an Initial Public Offering (as defined below) of the Corporation, the board shall call a special meeting at the request of the record holders of at least 15 percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares of all classes of stock entitled to vote at such a meeting. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The time of any such special meeting shall be stated in the notice of such meeting, which notice shall specify the purpose or purposes thereof. Business transacted at any special meeting shall be confined to the purposes stated in the notice of meeting and matters germane thereto. “Initial Public Offering” means the earlier to occur of (i) the initial public offering of the Common Stock, (whether such offering is primary or secondary) that is underwritten by a nationally recognized investment bank, pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (other than a registration effected solely to implement an employee benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is applicable, or a registration statement on Form S-4, Form S-8 or a successor to one of those forms) or (ii) the later of (x) the date on which a Corporation registration statement filed under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act shall have been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise became effective under the Exchange Act and (y) the date of distribution of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned (within the meaning given in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) by Motors Liquidation Company (formerly known as Meridian Motor Group Corporation), a Delaware corporation pursuant to its plan of reorganization. 1.11 Notice of Stockholder Nomination and Stockholder Business. At a meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. Prior to the Initial Public Offering, nominations for the election of directors may be made only by the board of directors, which nominations shall be consistent with the Stockholders Agreement dated October 15, 2009 among the Corporation, the United States Department of the Treasury, 7176384 Canada Inc., and UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust and, for the limited purposes set forth therein, Meridian Motor Group LLC (the “Stockholders Agreement”). Following the Initial Public Offering, n N ominations for the election of directors may be made by the board of directors in accordance with the Stockholders Agreement dated October 15, 2009 among the Corporation, the United States Department of the Treasury, 7176384 Canada Inc., and UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust and, for the limited purposes set forth therein, Meridian Motor Group LLC (the “Stockholders Agreement”) or by any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of directors who complies with the notice requirements set forth in this section. Other matters to be properly brought before the meeting (whether prior to or following the Initial Public Offering) must be: (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the board, including, as applicable, matters covered by Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act; (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board; or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder pursuant to the notice requirements of this section. Prior to the Initial Public Offering, a stockholder need not give notice of his intent to bring any matter before a meeting of stockholders. Following the Initial Public Offering, a A stockholder who intends to make a nomination for the election of directors or to bring any other matter before a meeting of stockholders must give notice of his intent in writing or by electronic transmission. Such notice must be received by the secretary, in the case of an annual meeting not more than 180 days and not less than 120 days before the date of the meeting, or in the case of a special meeting, not more than 15 days after the day on which notice of the special meeting is first mailed to stockholders. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, requests for inclusion of proposals in the Corporation’s proxy statement made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, if applicable, shall be deemed to have been delivered in a timely manner if delivered in accordance with such Rule. 1.12 Stockholder Action by Written Consent. (b) Notice Requirements. Any stockholder’s notice required by paragraph (a) of this section must describe the action that the stockholder proposes to take by consent. Following the Initial Public Offering, f F or each such proposal, every notice by a stockholder must state (i) the information required by section 1.11 as though such stockholder was intending to make a nomination or to bring any such other matter before a meeting of stockholders, and as though such stockholder was not seeking to include any such nomination or other matter in the proxy statement of the Corporation and (ii) the text of the proposal (including the text of any resolutions to be effected by consent and the language of any proposed amendment to the bylaws of the Corporation). (e) Effectiveness of Consent. No action by written consent without a meeting shall be effective until such date as the secretary of the Corporation, such other officer of the Corporation as the board may designate, or the Inspectors, as applicable, certify to the Corporation that the consents delivered to the Corporation in accordance with paragraph (d) of this section, represent at least the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to take the corporate action in accordance with Delaware law and the certificate of incorporation, which , following an Initial Public Offering, will be all the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. 2.2 Election; Resignation; Vacancies. (e) Resignation and Replacement of Unsuccessful Incumbents. Following an Initial Public Offering: (i) In order for any incumbent director to become a nominee of the board for further service on the board, such person must submit an irrevocable resignation, contingent (i) on (y) that person not receiving more than 50% of the votes cast, and (ii) (z) acceptance of that resignation by the board in accordance with policies and procedures adopted by the board for such purposes. (h) Removal. Prior to the Initial Public Offering, any director may be removed from office, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of all classes of stock entitled to vote at the election of directors, except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Following the Initial Public Offering, a A ny director may be removed from office, only with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of all classes of stock entitled to vote at the election of directors. Prior to an Initial Public Offering, if any Required Director (as defined in section 2.5) is removed from office pursuant to this section 2.2(h), the stockholder who had the right to nominate such director shall have the right to nominate a director to replace such removed director, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. 2.5 Quorum; Vote Required for Action. (a) Following an Initial Public Offering, a A t all meetings of the board of directors, one-third of the total number of directors then in office, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except in cases in which applicable law, the certificate of incorporation, or these bylaws provide otherwise, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board. (b) Prior to an Initial Public Offering, at all meetings of the board of directors, one-third of the total number of directors then in office, including the Required Directors, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If such quorum is not present within 60 minutes after the time appointed for such meeting, such meeting shall be adjourned and the chairman of the board shall reschedule the meeting to be held not fewer than two nor more than 10 Business Days thereafter. If such meeting is rescheduled and one-third of the total number of directors then in office, including the Required Directors, are not present at the rescheduled meeting, then those directors who are present or represented by proxy at the rescheduled meeting shall constitute a valid quorum for all purposes hereunder; provided that written notice by overnight mail, courier service, electronic transmission, or hand delivery of any rescheduled meeting shall have been delivered to all directors at least one Business Day prior to the date of such rescheduled meeting; and provided further, that the directors present determine, in good faith, that any absent Required Director’s absence was motivated by an intention to delay or impede the meeting. Except in cases in which applicable law, the certificate of incorporation, or these bylaws provide otherwise, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board.The term “Required Director” shall mean, with respect to any stockholder who has a then-current right to designate for nomination, and has designated for nomination, one or more directors pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, one director so designated for nomination by such stockholder. 2.10 Independent Directors. Two-thirds of the individuals nominated by the board of directors as candidates for election to the board by the stockholders at the next annual meeting of stockholders shall qualify to be Independent Directors (as defined in this section). If the board elects directors between annual meetings of stockholders, two-thirds of all directors holding office immediately after such election shall be Independent Directors. For purposes of this section 2.10, the term “Independent Director” shall mean a director who qualifies as independent within the meaning of Rule 303A.02 of the New York Stock Exchange’s Listed Company Manual (or any successor provision) , whether or not any of the shares of Common Stock are then listed on the New York Stock Exchange . 3.1 Committees of the Board of Directors. The standing committees of the board shall include the audit committee, the directors and corporate governance committee, the executive compensation committee, the finance and risk policy committee, and the public policy committee. The board (but not a committee thereof) may designate additional committees of the board and may prescribe for each committee such powers and authority as may properly be granted to such committees in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. The board of directors may establish by resolution, adopted by a majority of the whole board, an administrative committee with the authority and responsibility to act on behalf of the board with regard to matters submitted to the board that, pursuant to any statement of delegation of authority adopted by the board from time to time, do not constitute issues within the sole jurisdiction of the board or any committee thereof and are not otherwise significant. 3.4 Finance and Risk Policy Committee The finance and risk policy committee shall be responsible for assisting the board of directors in its oversight of the Corporation’s financial policies and strategies, including its capital structure. The committee shall also be responsible for assisting the board of directors in its oversight of the Corporation’s risk management strategies and policies, including overseeing management of market, credit, liquidity and funding risks. In addition, the committee shall periodically receive reports regarding U.S. employee benefit plans for the purpose of reviewing the administration, financing, investment performance, risk and liability profile, and funding of such plans, in each case including with respect to regulatory compliance. 6.5 Voting of Stock Owned by the Corporation. The board of directors, the finance and risk policy committee, or the chairman of the board may authorize any person and delegate to one or more officers or subordinate officers the authority to authorize any person to vote or to grant proxies to vote in behalf of the Corporation at any meeting of stockholders or in any solicitation of consent of any corporation or other entity in which the Corporation may hold stock or other voting securities. 6.8 Amendment of Bylaws. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, (with the consent of the Required Directors with respect to any amendment to section 2.5(b) of these bylaws (or any successor provision)), the board of directors shall have power to adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws at any regular or special meeting of the board. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws at any annual or special meeting, subject to compliance with the notice provisions provided in section 1.11 of these bylaws. 6.10 Uncertificated Stock Notwithstanding any other provision in these bylaws, the Corporation may adopt a system of issuance, recordation and transfer of its shares by electronic or other means not involving any issuance of certificates, including provisions for notice to purchasers in substitution for any required statements on certificates that may be required by applicable corporate securities laws.
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Meridian Motor Group Exhibit 3.2 RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF Meridian Motor Group Pursuant to Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware Meridian Motor Group, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows: 1. The name of the corporation is Meridian Motor Group. The date of filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware under the name “Meridian Motor Group Holding Company” was August 11, 2009. 2. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation only restates and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, as heretofore amended or supplemented, and there is no discrepancy between the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended and supplemented and the provisions of this Restated Certificate. This Restated Certificate was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 3. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby restated and integrated to read in its entirety as follows: FIRST. The name of the Corporation is Meridian Motor Group (the “Corporation”). SECOND. The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. THIRD. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. FOURTH. The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 7,000,000,000, consisting of 2,000,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (hereinafter referred to as “Preferred Stock”), and 5,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (hereinafter referred to as “Common Stock”). Upon this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation becoming effective pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “Effective Time”), each share of common stock of the Corporation, par value $0.01 per share (the “Old Common Stock”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall without further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of Old Common Stock automatically be reclassified as and subdivided into three (3) shares of Common Stock. Any stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented shares of the Old Common Stock will, from and after the Effective Time, automatically and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange, represent the number of shares of the Common Stock as equals the product obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Old Common Stock represented by such certificate immediately prior to the Effective Time by three (3); provided, however, that each holder of record of a certificate that represented shares of Old Common Stock shall receive upon surrender of such certificate a new certificate representing the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Old Common Stock represented by such certificate have been reclassified pursuant hereto. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors is hereby authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series and, by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (hereinafter referred to as “Preferred Stock Designation”), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of the following: (a) The designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title. (b) The number of shares of the series, which number the Board of Directors may thereafter (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding). (c) The amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of shares of the series in respect of dividends, and whether such dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative. (d) Dates at which dividends, if any, shall be payable. (e) The redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series. (f) The terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series. (g) The amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. (h) Whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation and, if so, the specification of such other class or series or such other security, the conversion or exchange price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange may be made. (i) Restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series. (j) The voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series. The Common Stock shall be subject to the express terms of the Preferred Stock and any series thereof. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, in a Preferred Stock Designation or by applicable law, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share upon each matter presented to the stockholders, the Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes, and holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the person in whose name any share of its stock is registered as the owner thereof for all purposes and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such share on the part of any other person, whether or not the Corporation shall have notice thereof, except as expressly provided by applicable law. FIFTH. Unless and except to the extent that the bylaws of the Corporation shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board of Directors. The total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be not more than 17, except as otherwise provided in a Preferred Stock Designation, with the then-authorized number of directors being fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Other than as set forth in the bylaws of the Corporation, vacancies and newly created directorships shall be filled exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. SIXTH. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. The stockholders may also adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation, whether adopted by them or otherwise, but only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote thereon. SEVENTH. No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174, or any successor provision thereto, of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification, or repeal. EIGHTH. The Corporation reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to amend, alter, change, or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law; and all rights, preferences, and privileges of any nature conferred upon stockholders, directors, or any other persons by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the rights reserved in this article. NINTH. Following the time of the Initial Public Offering (as defined below) of the Corporation, no action that is required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be effected by written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting of stockholders except where such consent is signed by the holders of all shares of stock of the Corporation then outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. “Initial Public Offering” means the earlier to occur of (i) the initial public offering of the Common Stock (whether such offering is primary or secondary) that is underwritten by a nationally recognized investment bank, pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (other than a registration effected solely to implement an employee benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is applicable, or a registration statement on Form S-4, Form S-8 or a successor to one of those forms) or (ii) the later of (x) the date on which a Corporation registration statement filed under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), as amended, shall have been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise became effective under the Exchange Act and (y) the date of distribution of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned (within the meaning given in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) by Motors Liquidation Company, a Delaware corporation, pursuant to its plan of reorganization. TENTH. Section 1. Definitions . As used in this ARTICLE TENTH, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings when used herein with initial capital letters (and any references to any portions of Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T shall include any successor provisions): “Agent” has the meaning set forth in Section 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Board of Directors” or “Board” means the board of directors of the Corporation. “Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. “Close of Business” on any given date shall mean 5:00 p.m., New York time, on such date; provided , however , that, if such date is not a Business Day, it shall mean 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the next succeeding Business Day. “Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any successor statute. “Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation, and any Security Entitlement with respect to such Common Stock. “Corporation Security” or “Corporation Securities” means (i) shares of Common Stock, (ii) shares of Preferred Stock (other than preferred stock described in Section 1504(a)(4) of the Code or treated as so described pursuant to Treasury Regulation §1.382–2(a)(3)(i)), (iii) warrants, rights, or options (including options within the meaning of Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T(h)(4)(v)) to purchase Securities of the Corporation and (iv) any Stock; provided , however , that “Corporation Security” or “Corporation Securities” shall not mean shares of Series A Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation. “Excess Securities” has the meaning given such term in Section 4(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH; “Expiration Date” means the earliest of (i) the Close of Business on December 31, 2013, subject to extension in accordance with Section 2(b) of this ARTICLE TENTH; (ii) the date upon which the Board of Directors determines by resolution that due to the repeal of Section 382 of the Code, or any other change in law, this ARTICLE TENTH is no longer necessary for the preservation of Tax Benefits; (iii) the first day of any taxable year of the Corporation to which the Board of Directors determines by resolution that no Tax Benefits may be carried forward; or (iv) such date as the Board of Directors determines for the restrictions set forth in Section 2 of this ARTICLE TENTH to terminate. “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. “Five Percent Transaction” has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Five Percent Stockholder” means a Person with a Percentage Stock Ownership of 4.9% or more. “MLC Entity” means Motors Liquidation Company or any trust (whether one or more) created pursuant to a chapter 11 plan of Motors Liquidation Company, as amended or modified from time to time, which has been confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York or any other entity distributing Corporation Securities pursuant to such chapter 11 plan. “Percentage Stock Ownership” means the percentage stock ownership interest of any Person for purposes of Section 382 of the Code as determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation §§1.382–2T(g), (h) and (k) and 1.382–4; provided , that (1) for purposes of applying Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T(k)(2), the Corporation shall be treated as having “actual knowledge” of the beneficial ownership of all outstanding shares of Stock that would be attributed to any individual or entity, and (2) for the sole purpose of determining the Percentage Stock Ownership of any entity (and not for the purpose of determining the Percentage Stock Ownership of any other Person), Corporation Securities held by such entity shall not be treated as no longer owned by such entity pursuant to Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T(h)(2)(i)(A). “Person” means any individual, firm, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, partnership, trust, limited liability company, limited partnership, governmental or other entity, or any group of Persons making a “coordinated acquisition” of shares or otherwise treated as an entity within the meaning of Treasury Regulation §1.382–3(a)(1), and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of any such entity; provided , however , that a Person shall not mean a Public Group. “Preferred Stock” means the preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation. “Prohibited Distributions” means any and all dividends or other distributions paid by the Corporation with respect to any Excess Securities received by a Purported Transferee. “Prohibited Transfer” means any Transfer or purported Transfer of Corporation Securities to the extent that such Transfer is prohibited and/or void under this ARTICLE TENTH. “Proposed Transaction” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Public Group” has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T(f)(13). “Purported Transferee” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Request” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Requesting Person” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Securities” and “Security” each has the meaning set forth in Section 7 of this ARTICLE TENTH. “Security Entitlement” has the meaning set forth in Section 8-102(17) of the Uniform Commercial Code. “Stock” means any interest or Security Entitlement that would be treated as “stock” of the Corporation pursuant to Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T(f)(18). “Subsidiary” or “Subsidiaries” of any Person means any corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power sufficient to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person, and any corporation or other entity that is otherwise controlled by such Person. “Tax Benefits” means the net operating loss carryovers, capital loss carryovers, general business credit carryovers, alternative minimum tax credit carryovers and foreign tax credit carryovers, as well as any loss or deduction attributable to a “net unrealized built-in loss” of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009, within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code. “Transfer” means, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance, pledge or other disposition or other action taken by a Person, other than the Corporation, that alters the Percentage Stock Ownership of any Person. A Transfer also shall include the creation or grant of an option (including an option within the meaning of Treasury Regulation §1.382–2T(h)(4)(v)). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, a Transfer shall not include any Transfer (determined without regard to this sentence) (i) by any MLC Entity to or for the benefit of creditors of Motors Liquidation Company, beneficiaries of any trust created pursuant to a chapter 11 plan of Motors Liquidation Company as amended or modified from time to time, which has been confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York or another MLC Entity, (ii) by any Person distributing Corporation Securities pursuant to a chapter 11 plan of Motors Liquidation Company as amended or modified from time to time, which has been confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, and (iii) by any Person for distribution in the Initial Public Offering (as defined in ARTICLE NINTH). For the avoidance of doubt, a Transfer shall not include (i) the creation or grant of an option by the Corporation or (ii) the issuance or grant of Stock by the Corporation (including, but not limited to, the exercise of any warrant issued by the Corporation). “Transferee” means, with respect to any Transfer, any Person to whom Corporation Securities are, or are proposed to be, Transferred. “Transferor” means, with respect to any Transfer, any Person by or from whom Corporation Securities are, or are proposed to be, Transferred. “Treasury Regulations” means the regulations, including temporary regulations or any successor regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended from time to time. Section 2. Transfer and Ownership Restrictions . (a) In order to preserve the Tax Benefits, from and after the day prior to the Initial Public Offering (as defined in ARTICLE NINTH), any attempted Transfer of Corporation Securities prior to the Expiration Date and any attempted Transfer of Corporation Securities pursuant to an agreement entered into prior to the Expiration Date shall be prohibited and void ab initio to the extent that, as a result of such Transfer (or any series of Transfers of which such Transfer is a part), either (i) any Person would become a Five Percent Stockholder or (ii) the Percentage Stock Ownership in the Corporation of any Five Percent Stockholder would be increased (any such Transfer that would have the result described in clauses (i) or (ii), a “Five Percent Transaction”). The prior sentence is not intended to prevent the Corporation Securities from being DTC-eligible or CDS-eligible and shall not preclude either the transfer to DTC, CDS or to any other securities intermediary, as such term is defined in § 8-102(14) of the Uniform Commercial Code, of Corporation Securities not previously held through DTC, CDS or such intermediary or the settlement of any transactions in the Corporation Securities entered into through the facilities of a national securities exchange, any national securities quotation system or any electronic or other alternative trading system; provided that if such transfer or the settlement of the transaction would result in a Prohibited Transfer, such Transfer shall nonetheless be a Prohibited Transfer subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in the remainder of this ARTICLE TENTH. (b) The Expiration Date is subject to extension for two (2) additional one (1) year terms ( i.e. , until December 31, 2014, and December 31, 2015) if, in each case, the Board of Directors determines by a resolution adopted not more than three (3) months prior to the then scheduled Expiration Date that the extension of the transfer restrictions provided in Section 2(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH is reasonably necessary in order to preserve the Tax Benefits and would be in the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders. Section 3. Exceptions; Waiver of Transfer and Ownership Restrictions . (a) Any Transfer of Corporation Securities that would otherwise be prohibited pursuant to Section 2(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH shall nonetheless be permitted if (i) prior to such Transfer being consummated (or, in the case of an involuntary Transfer, as soon as practicable after the transaction is consummated), the Board of Directors approves the Transfer in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 3(c) of this ARTICLE TENTH (such approval may relate to a Transfer or series of identified Transfers), (ii) such Transfer is pursuant to any transaction, including, but not limited to, a merger or consolidation, in which all holders of Corporation Securities receive, or are offered the same opportunity to receive, cash or other consideration for all such Corporation Securities, and upon the consummation of which the acquiror will own at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) such Transfer is a Transfer to an underwriter for distribution in a public offering; provided , however , that Transfers by such underwriter to purchasers in such offering remain subject to this ARTICLE TENTH. (b) The restrictions contained in this ARTICLE TENTH are for the purposes of reducing the risk that any “ownership change” (as defined in the Code) with respect to the Corporation may limit the Corporation’s ability to utilize its Tax Benefits. The restrictions set forth in Section 2(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH shall not apply to a proposed Transfer that is a Five Percent Transaction if the Transferor or the Transferee obtains the authorization of the Board of Directors in the manner described below. In connection therewith, and to provide for effective policing of these provisions, any Person who desires to effect a Five Percent Transaction (a “Requesting Person”) shall, prior to the date of such transaction for which the Requesting Person seeks authorization (the “Proposed Transaction”), request in writing (a “Request”) that the Board of Directors review the Proposed Transaction and authorize or not authorize the Proposed Transaction in accordance with this Section 3(b). A Request shall be mailed or delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the Corporation’s principal place of business. Such Request shall be deemed to have been received by the Corporation when actually received by the Corporation. A Request shall include: (i) the name, address and telephone number of the Requesting Person; (ii) the number and Percentage Stock Ownership of Corporation Securities then beneficially owned by the Requesting Person; (iii) a reasonably detailed description of the Proposed Transaction or Proposed Transactions for which the Requesting Person seeks authorization; and (iv) a request that the Board of Directors authorize the Proposed Transaction pursuant to this Section 3(b). The Board of Directors shall, in good faith, endeavor to respond to each Request within twenty (20) Business Days of receiving such Request. The Board of Directors may authorize a Proposed Transaction if it determines that the Proposed Transaction would not jeopardize the Corporation’s ability to preserve and use the Tax Benefits. Any determination by the Board of Directors not to authorize a Proposed Transaction shall cause such Proposed Transaction to be deemed a Prohibited Transfer. The Board of Directors may impose any conditions that it deems reasonable and appropriate in connection with authorizing any Proposed Transaction. In addition, the Board of Directors may require an affidavit or representations from such Requesting Person or opinions of counsel to be rendered by counsel selected by the Requesting Person (and reasonably acceptable to the Board of Directors), in each case, as to such matters as the Board of Directors may reasonably determine with respect to the preservation of the Tax Benefits. Any Requesting Person who makes a Request to the Board of Directors shall reimburse the Corporation, within thirty (30) days of demand therefor, for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Corporation with respect to any Proposed Transaction, including, without limitation, the Corporation’s reasonable costs and expenses incurred in determining whether to authorize the Proposed Transaction, which costs may include, but are not limited to, any expenses of counsel and/or tax advisors engaged by the Board of Directors to advise the Board of Directors or deliver an opinion thereto. Any authorization of the Board of Directors hereunder may be given prospectively or retroactively. Furthermore, the Board of Directors shall approve within ten (10) Business Days of receiving a Request as provided in this Section 3(b) any proposed Transfer: (x) that does not add to any aggregate increase in Percentage Stock Ownership by the Five Percent Stockholders (as determined after giving effect to the proposed Transfer) over the lowest Percentage Stock Ownership by the Five Percent Stockholders (as determined immediately before the proposed Transfer) at any time during the relevant testing period, in all cases for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, (y) if such proposed Transfer and all prior and anticipated Transfers effected or expected to be effected during the relevant testing period do not result in an aggregate “owner shift” (as defined in the Code) of more than 40% for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, or (z) that results in or is part of an “ownership change” (as defined in the Code) that is described in Section 382(n)(1) of the Code, as interpreted by any applicable regulations or official interpretations, including without limitation, any private letter rulings received by the Corporation (and the Corporation will promptly seek any such private letter ruling reasonably requested by a stockholder). For purposes of clause (x) of the preceding sentence, any MLC Entity’s ownership shall be considered as having been acquired during the relevant testing period, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Percentage Stock Ownership shall be determined without regard to the potential application of Code Section 382(n) to an “ownership change” attributable, in part, to such Percentage Stock Ownership. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors may determine that the restrictions set forth in Section 2(a) of this ARTICLE TENTH shall not apply to any particular transaction or transactions, whether or not a request has been made to the Board of Directors, including a Request pursuant to Section 3(b) of this ARTICLE TENTH, subject to any conditions that it deems reasonable and appropriate in connection therewith. Any determination of the Board of Directors hereunder may be made prospectively or retroactively. (d) The Board of Directors, to the fullest extent permitted by law, may exercise the authority granted by this ARTICLE TENTH through duly authorized officers or agents of the Corporation. Nothing in this Section 3 shall be construed to limit or restrict the Board of Directors in the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. Section 4. Excess Securities . (a) No employee or agent of the Corporation shall record any Prohibited Transfer, and the purported Transferee of such a Prohibited Transfer (the “Purported Transferee”) shall not be recognized as a stockholder of the Corporation for any purpose whatsoever in respect of the Corporation Securities which are the subject of the Prohibited Transfer (the “Excess Securities”). Until the Excess Securities are acquired by another Person in a Transfer that is not a Prohibited Transfer, the Purported Transferee shall not be entitled to any rights of stockholders of the Corporation with respect to such Excess Securities, including, without limitation, the right to vote such Excess Securities and to receive dividends or distributions, whether liquidating or otherwise, in respect thereof, if any, and the Excess Securities shall be deemed to remain with the Transferor unless and until the Excess Securities are transferred to the Agent pursuant to Section 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH or until an approval is obtained under Section 3 of this ARTICLE TENTH. After the Excess Securities have been acquired in a Transfer that is not a Prohibited Transfer, the Corporation Securities shall cease to be Excess Securities. For this purpose, any Transfer of Excess Securities not in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 or Section 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH shall also be a Prohibited Transfer. (b) The Corporation may make such arrangements or issue such instructions to its stock transfer agent as may be determined by the Board of Directors to be necessary or advisable to implement this ARTICLE TENTH, including, without limitation, authorizing, in accordance with Section 9 of this ARTICLE TENTH, such transfer agent to require an affidavit from a Purported Transferee regarding such Person’s actual and constructive ownership of stock and other evidence that a Transfer will not be prohibited by this ARTICLE TENTH as a condition to registering any Transfer. Section 5. Transfer to Agent . If the Board of Directors determines that a Transfer of Corporation Securities constitutes a Prohibited Transfer then, upon written demand by the Corporation sent within thirty (30) days of the date on which the Board of Directors determines that the attempted Transfer constitutes a Prohibited Transfer, the Purported Transferee shall transfer or cause to be transferred any certificate or other evidence of ownership of the Excess Securities within the Purported Transferee’s possession or control, together with any Prohibited Distributions, to an agent designated by the Board of Directors (the “Agent”). The Agent shall thereupon sell to a buyer or buyers, which may include the Corporation, the Excess Securities transferred to it in one or more arm’s-length transactions (on the public securities market on which such Excess Securities are traded, if possible, or otherwise privately); provided , however , that any such sale must not constitute a Prohibited Transfer and provided , further , that the Agent shall effect such sale or sales in an orderly fashion and shall not be required to effect any such sale within any specific time frame if, in the Agent’s discretion, such sale or sales would disrupt the market for the Corporation Securities, would otherwise adversely affect the value of the Corporation Securities or would be in violation of applicable securities laws. If the Purported Transferee has resold the Excess Securities before receiving the Corporation’s demand to surrender Excess Securities to the Agent, the Purported Transferee shall be deemed to have sold the Excess Securities for the Agent, and shall be required to transfer to the Agent any Prohibited Distributions and proceeds of such sale, except to the extent that the Corporation grants written permission to the Purported Transferee to retain a portion of such sales proceeds not exceeding the amount that the Purported Transferee would have received from the Agent pursuant to Section 6 of this ARTICLE TENTH if the Agent rather than the Purported Transferee had resold the Excess Securities. Section 6. Application of Proceeds and Prohibited Distributions . The Agent shall apply any proceeds of a sale by it of Excess Securities and, if the Purported Transferee has previously resold the Excess Securities, any amounts received by the Agent from a Purported Transferee, together, in either case, with any Prohibited Distributions, as follows: (a) first, such amounts shall be paid to the Agent to the extent necessary to cover its costs and expenses incurred in connection with its duties hereunder; (b) second, any remaining amounts shall be paid to the Purported Transferee, up to the amount paid by the Purported Transferee for the Excess Securities (or the fair market value at the time of the Transfer, in the event the purported Transfer of the Excess Securities was, in whole or in part, a gift, inheritance or similar Transfer, such fair market value to be calculated on the basis of the closing market price for the Corporation Securities on the principal U.S. stock exchange on which the Corporation Securities are listed or admitted for trading on the day before the Prohibited Transfer, provided , however , that (1) if the Corporation Securities are not listed or admitted for trading on any U.S. stock exchange but are traded in the over-the-counter market, such fair market value shall be calculated based upon the difference between the highest bid and lowest asked prices, as such prices are reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers through its NASDAQ system or any successor system on the day before the Prohibited Transfer or, if not so reported, on the last preceding day for which such quotations exist, or (2) if the Corporation Securities are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any U.S. stock exchange and are not traded in the over-the-counter market, then such fair market value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors); and (c) third, any remaining amounts shall be paid to the Transferor that was party to the subject Prohibited Transfer, or, if the Transferor that was party to the subject Prohibited Transfer cannot be readily identified, to one or more organizations qualifying under section 501(c)(3) of the Code (or any comparable successor provision) selected by the Board of Directors. The Purported Transferee of Excess Securities shall have no claim, cause of action or any other recourse whatsoever against any Transferor of Excess Securities. The Purported Transferee’s sole right with respect to such shares shall be limited to the amount payable to the Purported Transferee pursuant to this Section 6. In no event shall the proceeds of any sale of Excess Securities pursuant to this Section 6 inure to the benefit of the Corporation or the Agent, except to the extent used to cover costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in performing its duties hereunder. Section 7. Modification of Remedies for Certain Indirect Transfers . In the event of any Transfer that does not involve a transfer of securities of the Corporation within the meaning of Delaware law (“Securities,” and individually, a “Security”) but which would cause (i) any Person to become a Five Percent Stockholder or (ii) the Percentage Stock Ownership in the Corporation of any Five Percent Stockholder to be increased, the application of Section 5 and Section 6 of this ARTICLE TENTH shall be modified as described in this Section 7. In such case, no such Five Percent Stockholder shall be required to dispose of any interest that is not a Security, but such Five Percent Stockholder and/or any Person whose ownership of Securities is attributed to such Five Percent Stockholder shall be deemed to have disposed of and shall be required to dispose of sufficient Securities (which Securities shall be disposed of in the inverse order in which they were acquired) to cause such Five Percent Stockholder, following such disposition, not to be in violation of this ARTICLE TENTH. Such disposition shall be deemed to occur simultaneously with the Transfer giving rise to the application of this provision, and such number of Securities that are deemed to be disposed of shall be considered Excess Securities and shall be disposed of through the Agent as provided in Sections 5 and 6 of this ARTICLE TENTH, except that the maximum aggregate amount payable either to such Five Percent Stockholder, or to such other Person that was the direct holder of such Excess Securities, in connection with such sale shall be the fair market value of such Excess Securities at the time of the purported Transfer. All expenses incurred by the Agent in disposing of such Excess Securities shall be paid out of any amounts due such Five Percent Stockholder or such other Person. The purpose of this Section 7 is to extend the restrictions in Sections 2 and 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH to situations in which there is a Five Percent Transaction without a direct Transfer of Securities, and this Section 7, along with the other provisions of this ARTICLE TENTH, shall be interpreted to produce the same results, with differences as the context requires, as a direct Transfer of Corporation Securities. Section 8. Legal Proceedings; Prompt Enforcement . If the Purported Transferee fails to surrender the Excess Securities or the proceeds of a sale thereof, in either case, with any Prohibited Distributions, to the Agent within thirty (30) days from the date on which the Corporation makes a written demand pursuant to Section 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH (whether or not made within the time specified in Section 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH), then the Corporation may take any actions it deems necessary to enforce the provisions hereof, including the institution of legal proceedings to compel the surrender. Nothing in this Section 8 shall (a) be deemed inconsistent with any Transfer of the Excess Securities provided in this ARTICLE TENTH being void ab initio , (b) preclude the Corporation in its discretion from immediately bringing legal proceedings without a prior demand or (c) cause any failure of the Corporation to act within the time periods set forth in Section 5 of this ARTICLE TENTH to constitute a waiver or loss of any right of the Corporation under this ARTICLE TENTH. The Board of Directors may authorize such additional actions as it deems advisable to give effect to the provisions of this ARTICLE TENTH. Section 9. Obligation to Provide Information . As a condition to the registration of the Transfer of any Stock, any Person who is a beneficial, legal or record holder of Stock, and any proposed Transferee and any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with the proposed Transferee, shall provide an affidavit containing such information, to the extent reasonably available and legally permissible, as the Corporation may reasonably request from time to time in order to determine compliance with this ARTICLE TENTH or the status of the Tax Benefits of the Corporation. Section 10. Legends . The Board of Directors may require that any certificates issued by the Corporation evidencing ownership of shares of Stock that are subject to the restrictions on transfer and ownership contained in this ARTICLE TENTH bear the following legend: “THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTION PURSUANT TO ARTICLE TENTH OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF Meridian Motor Group, AS AMENDED AND IN EFFECT FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE CORPORATION UPON REQUEST.” The Board of Directors may also require that any certificates issued by the Corporation evidencing ownership of shares of Stock that are subject to conditions imposed by the Board of Directors under Section 3 of this ARTICLE TENTH also bear a conspicuous legend referencing the applicable restrictions. The Corporation shall have the power to make appropriate notations upon its stock transfer records and to instruct any transfer agent, registrar, securities intermediary or depository with respect to the requirements of this ARTICLE TENTH for any uncertificated Corporation Securities or Corporation Securities held in an indirect holding system. Section 11. Authority of Board of Directors . (a) All determinations and interpretations of the Board of Directors shall be interpreted or determined, as the case may be, by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. (b) The Board of Directors shall have the power to determine all matters necessary for assessing compliance with this ARTICLE TENTH, including, without limitation, (i) the identification of Five Percent Stockholders, (ii) whether a Transfer is a Five Percent Transaction or a Prohibited Transfer, (iii) the Percentage Stock Ownership in the Corporation of any Five Percent Stockholder, (iv) whether an instrument constitutes a Corporation Security, (v) the amount (or fair market value) due to a Purported Transferee pursuant to Section 6 of this ARTICLE TENTH, and (vi) any other matters which the Board of Directors determines to be relevant; and the good faith determination of the Board of Directors on such matters shall be conclusive and binding for all the purposes of this ARTICLE TENTH. In addition, the Board of Directors may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time establish, modify, amend or rescind by-laws, regulations and procedures of the Corporation not inconsistent with the provisions of this ARTICLE TENTH for purposes of determining whether any Transfer of Corporation Securities would jeopardize the Corporation’s ability to preserve and use the Tax Benefits and for the orderly application, administration and implementation of this ARTICLE TENTH. (c) Nothing contained in this ARTICLE TENTH shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action to the extent permitted by law as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation and its stockholders in preserving the Tax Benefits. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event of a change in law making one or more of the following actions necessary or desirable, the Board of Directors may, by adopting a written resolution, (i) modify the ownership interest percentage in the Corporation or the Persons covered by this ARTICLE TENTH, (ii) modify the definitions of any terms set forth in this ARTICLE TENTH or (iii) modify the terms of this ARTICLE TENTH as appropriate, in each case, in order to prevent an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 of the Code as a result of any changes in applicable Treasury Regulations or otherwise; provided , however , that the Board of Directors shall not cause there to be such modification unless it determines, by adopting a written resolution, that such action is reasonably necessary or advisable to preserve the Tax Benefits or that the continuation of these restrictions is no longer reasonably necessary for the preservation of the Tax Benefits; provided , further , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Board of Directors shall not amend this ARTICLE TENTH so as to prohibit, restrict or condition a Transfer described in the last two sentences of the definition of “Transfer,” change, alter or modify the definition of “Person” nor amend this proviso. Stockholders of the Corporation shall be notified of such determination through a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or such other method of notice as the Secretary of the Corporation shall deem appropriate. (d) In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this ARTICLE TENTH, including any definition used herein, the Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the application of such provisions with respect to any situation based on its reasonable belief, understanding or knowledge of the circumstances. In the event this ARTICLE TENTH requires an action by the Board of Directors but fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of this ARTICLE TENTH. All such actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations that are done or made by the Board of Directors in good faith shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation, the Agent, and all other parties for all other purposes of this ARTICLE TENTH. The Board of Directors may delegate all or any portion of its duties and powers under this ARTICLE TENTH to a committee of the Board of Directors as it deems necessary or advisable and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, may exercise the authority granted by this ARTICLE TENTH through duly authorized officers or agents of the Corporation. Nothing in this ARTICLE TENTH shall be construed to limit or restrict the Board of Directors in the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. Section 12. Reliance . To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation and the members of the Board of Directors shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the information, opinions, reports or statements of the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer or the corporate controller of the Corporation or of the Corporation’s legal counsel, independent auditors, transfer agent, investment bankers or other employees and agents in making the determinations and findings contemplated by this ARTICLE TENTH, and the members of the Board of Directors shall not be responsible for any good faith errors made in connection therewith. For purposes of determining the existence and identity of, and the amount of any Corporation Securities owned by any stockholder, the Corporation is entitled to rely on the existence and absence of filings of Schedule 13D or 13G under the Exchange Act (or similar filings), as of any date, subject to its actual knowledge of the ownership of Corporation Securities. Section 13. Benefits of This ARTICLE TENTH . Nothing in this ARTICLE TENTH shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Corporation or the Agent any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this ARTICLE TENTH. This ARTICLE TENTH shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Corporation and the Agent. Section 14. Severability . The purpose of this ARTICLE TENTH is to facilitate the Corporation’s ability to maintain or preserve its Tax Benefits. If any provision of this ARTICLE TENTH or the application of any such provision to any Person or under any circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this ARTICLE TENTH. Section 15. Waiver . With regard to any power, remedy or right provided herein or otherwise available to the Corporation or the Agent under this ARTICLE TENTH, (a) no waiver will be effective unless expressly contained in a writing signed by the waiving party, and (b) no alteration, modification or impairment will be implied by reason of any previous waiver, extension of time, delay or omission in exercise, or other indulgence. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Meridian Motor Group has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed by its duly authorized officer on this 9 th day of December, 2010. /s/ Anne T. Larin Name: Anne T. Larin Title: Secretary