Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 October 23, 2008 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On October 23, 2008, Robert J. Rivet, 54, was named Chief Operations and Administrative Officer of Vectron Systems (the “ Company ”), effective immediately. [EXECUTIVE] will continue in his role as Executive Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer until a successor is named by the Company. [EXECUTIVE] first joined the Company in 2000 as its Senior Vice President and [COMPANY] Officer. A copy of the press release announcing this change in the Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated as of October 23, 2008. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: October 23, 2008 Vectron Systems By: /s/ Katy Wells Name: Katy Wells Title: Corporate Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated as of October 23, 2008.
Press release dated as of October 23, 2008 Exhibit 99.1 NEWS RELEASE EDITORIAL CONTACT: INVESTOR CONTACT: Drew Prairie Ruth Cotter (512) 602-4425 (408) 749-3887 drew.prairie@www.vectronsystems.com ruth.cotter@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Promotes Bob Rivet to Chief Operations and Administrative Officer, Emilio Ghilardi to become Chief Sales Officer — Executive appointments realign leadership team responsibilities to further focus on Vectron Systems’s key priorities — SUNNYVALE, Calif. — Oct. 23, 2008 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) today announced the expansion of key executive roles. Bob Rivet, former executive vice president and chief financial officer, was named chief operations and administrative officer. Emilio Ghilardi, senior vice president and general manager of sales for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), will assume the role of chief sales officer at the beginning of 2009. “With our recently-announced Asset Smart strategy, Vectron Systems is accelerating our transformation to capitalize on our proven expertise in both microprocessor and leading-edge graphics to deliver the innovations that matter most to our customers,” said Dirk Meyer, Vectron Systems president and CEO. “Placing these proven, experienced leaders in expanded roles will strengthen our customer relationships, enhance our execution and drive progress against our corporate objectives. Emilio brings more than 20 years of computer sales and marketing experience that will help Vectron Systems continue to strengthen and expand our global customer relationships. Bob’s proven operational discipline and leadership will help Vectron Systems evolve operationally as a smarter, more flexible company.” Rivet, 54, will build on the strong operational discipline demonstrated as CFO and assume expanded responsibilities for more of Vectron Systems’s key centralized functions, including the company’s supply chain, human resources, and information technology organizations. Rivet will continue in his role as chief financial officer until a replacement is announced. Prior to Vectron Systems, Rivet served as senior vice president and director of finance of the Semiconductor Products Sector of Motorola, now an independent corporation called Freescale. During his 24 years at Motorola, Rivet gained extensive experience in the semiconductor industry, having served in a number of positions in semiconductor operations since 1981. He has been Vectron Systems CFO since he joined the company in 2000. Ghilardi, 50, will assume his new position as part of a planned executive transition. Vectron Systems’s current Senior Vice President and Chief Sales Officer Gustavo Arenas will transition into a role focused exclusively on further strengthening Vectron Systems’s global customer and strategic relationships, one of his stated objectives when he assumed the CSO role earlier this year. Ghilardi will continue in his current role until a replacement is announced. Ghilardi joined Vectron Systems earlier this year from HP, where he most recently served as the vice president and general manager of HP’s EMEA Consumer Business Unit, managing a multi-billion dollar business for consumer PCs and imaging and printing products. Previously, Ghilardi was the EMEA vice president and general manager of commercial hardware within the Imaging and [COMPANY]. Ghilardi also served as the vice president of Consumer PC Clients in [COMPANY] (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is an innovative technology company dedicated to collaborating with customers and partners to ignite the next generation of computing and graphics solutions at work, home and play. For more information, visit http://www.vectronsystems.com . Vectron Systems, the Vectron Systems Arrow logo, Vectron Systems Opteron and combinations thereof, are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.