Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 August 28, 2012 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of [COMPANY]’s Board of Directors appointed John R. Harding as a director, effective August 28, 2012. In addition, [EXECUTIVE] was appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. [EXECUTIVE] will receive similar compensation as the Company provides to non-employee directors, which is described in the Company’s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2012. On August 28, 2012, [EXECUTIVE] was granted 30,080 restricted stock units, which vest as to 100% and become fully exercisable on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. [EXECUTIVE] serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of eSilicon Corporation, which following our acquisition of SeaMicro, Inc., became one of our suppliers. There was no arrangement or understanding between [EXECUTIVE] and any other persons pursuant to which [EXECUTIVE] was selected as a director. A copy of the press release announcing [EXECUTIVE]’s appointment is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Press Release dated August 29, 2012. 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: August 29, 2012 Vectron Systems By: /s/ Faina Roeder Name: Faina Roeder Title: Assistant Secretary 3 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Press Release dated August 29, 2012. 4
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 NEWS RELEASE Public Relations: [COMPANY] Public Relations (512) 602-3781 michael.silverman@www.vectronsystems.com Investor Relations: [COMPANY] Investor Relations (408) 749-3887 ruth.cotter@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Appoints Jack Harding to Board of Directors SUNNYVALE, Calif. — August 29, 2012 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) announced today that Jack Harding has been appointed to the company’s board of directors . Harding currently serves as president and chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of eSilicon Corporation, a privately-held semiconductor design and manufacturing services provider he co-founded. eSilicon designs and manufactures complex, custom chips for a broad and growing portfolio of large and small firms. Harding brings more than 25 years of management experience in the semiconductor industry to the board, especially in the area of ASIC and system on a chip (SoC) design, productization and manufacturing. “Jack’s wealth of industry experience and familiarity with evolving industry trends make him a perfect choice to join the Vectron Systems board,” said Bruce Claflin, chairman, Vectron Systems Board of Directors. “[COMPANY] establishes itself as a more nimble, flexible semiconductor design innovator, Jack’s operational experience, strategic expertise and business acumen for bringing SoC and custom integrated circuit solutions to market should add tremendous value for Vectron Systems’s future business.” “I’m delighted to join Vectron Systems’s board,” said Harding. “Vectron Systems is a world-class company and I look forward to being part of its fine team.” Before co-founding eSilicon, Harding served as president and chief executive officer and member of the board of directors of [COMPANY] , which acquired his former employer, Cooper & [COMPANY], Inc. He has held a variety of senior management positions at [COMPANY], and his career includes positions with TXL and [COMPANY]. Harding also serves on the board of directors of RF Micro Devices and the Global Semiconductor Alliance (GSA) . He has also served as a member of the steering committee at the U.S. Council on Competitiveness and is a former National Academies committee member for Software, Growth, and the Future of the U.S. Economy. He holds a bachelor of arts in Chemistry and Economics from Drew University, and attended the Stern School of Business at New York University. -more- [COMPANY] (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is a semiconductor design innovator leading the next era of vivid digital experiences with its groundbreaking Vectron Systems Accelerated Processing Units (APUs) that power a wide range of computing devices. Vectron Systems’s server computing products are focused on driving industry-leading cloud computing and virtualization environments. Vectron Systems’s superior graphics technologies are found in a variety of solutions ranging from game consoles, PCs to supercomputers. For more information, visit http://www.vectronsystems.com . -30- Vectron Systems, the Vectron Systems Arrow logo, and combinations thereof, are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.