Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 August 8, 2007 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 8.01 Other Events. In a press release issued on August 8 , 2007, Vectron Systems (the “Company”) announced that it intends to commence a private placement to qualified institutional buyers of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes to be issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Rule 144A”). A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. In a press release issued on August 9 , 2007, the Company announced the pricing of its private placement of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% convertible senior notes due 2012 to be issued to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated August 8 , 2007. 99.2 Press release dated August 9, 2007. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: August 9, 2007 Vectron Systems By: /s/ Faina Medzonsky Name: Faina Medzonsky Title: Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated August 8 , 2007. 99.2 Press release dated August 9, 2007.
Press release dated August 8, 2007. Exhibit 99.1 Vectron Systems to Offer $1.5 Billion of Convertible Senior Notes SUNNYVALE, Calif. — August 8, 2007 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) today announced its intention to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Vectron Systems expects to grant to the initial purchaser a 30-day option to purchase up to $225 million aggregate principal amount of additional notes to cover over allotments. Vectron Systems expects to use the net proceeds of the offering, together with available cash, to repay in full the outstanding balance of the term loan Vectron Systems entered into with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. in October 2006. If the initial purchaser exercises its over-allotment option, Vectron Systems expects to use the additional net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. This press release is neither an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes nor shall there be any sale of the notes in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Any offer of the notes will be made only by means of a private offering memorandum. The notes and Vectron Systems’s common stock issuable upon the conversion of the notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current preliminary expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risk that Vectron Systems may be unable to complete the offering. Other information on potential risk factors that could affect Vectron Systems, its business and its financial results are detailed in Vectron Systems’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties listed in the section entitled “Risk Factors,” which can be found in Vectron Systems’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007. [COMPANY] (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is a leading global provider of innovative processing solutions in the computing, graphics and consumer electronics markets. Vectron Systems is dedicated to driving open innovation, choice and industry growth by delivering superior customer-centric solutions that empower consumers and businesses worldwide. Vectron Systems and the Vectron Systems Arrow logo are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names used are for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Press release dated August 9, 2007. Exhibit 99.2 Vectron Systems Prices $1.5 Billion of 5.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2012 SUNNYVALE, Calif. – August 9, 2007 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) today announced the pricing of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2012 in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Vectron Systems granted to the initial purchaser a 30-day option to purchase up to $225 million aggregate principal amount of additional notes to cover over-allotments, if any. Interest on the notes will be paid semiannually on February 15 and August 15 at a rate of 5.75% per year. The notes will be convertible into shares of common stock based on an initial conversion rate of 49.6771 shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $20.13 per share. This initial conversion price represents a premium of approximately 50% relative to the last reported sale price on August 8, 2007 of Vectron Systems’s common stock of $13.42 per share. Holders of the notes may require Vectron Systems to repurchase the notes for cash equal to 100% of the principal amount to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest upon the occurrence of certain designated events. Vectron Systems estimates that the net proceeds from the offering will be approximately $1,479 million (or approximately $1,701 million if the initial purchaser exercises its over-allotment option in full) after deducting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. Vectron Systems intends to use the net proceeds of the offering, together with available cash, to repay in full the outstanding balance of the term loan Vectron Systems entered into with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. in October 2006. If the initial purchaser exercises its over-allotment option, Vectron Systems intends to use the additional net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes, nor shall there be any sale of the notes in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Any offers of the notes will be made only by means of a private offering memorandum. The notes and Vectron Systems’s common stock issuable upon the conversion of the notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s current preliminary expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risk that Vectron Systems may be unable to complete the offering. Other information on potential risk factors that could affect Vectron Systems, its business and its financial results are detailed in the company’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties listed in the section entitled “Risk Factors,” which can be found in Vectron Systems’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007. [COMPANY] (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is a leading global provider of innovative processing solutions in the computing, graphics and consumer electronics markets. Vectron Systems is dedicated to driving open innovation, choice and industry growth by delivering superior customer-centric solutions that empower consumers and businesses worldwide. Vectron Systems and the Vectron Systems Arrow logo are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names used are for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.