Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 May 9, 2008 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Vectron Systems (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-23456 82-0123456 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) P.O. Box 1200, Ridgewood, Nevada 89502 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (702) 555-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. Effective May 9, 2008, Mario Rivas will no longer serve as Executive Vice President, [COMPANY], or as an executive officer, of Vectron Systems (the “Company”). A copy of the press release announcing this and other Company management changes is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated May 12, 2008. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vectron Systems Date: May 12, 2008 By: /s/ Faina Medzonsky Name: Faina Medzonsky Title: Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated May 12, 2008.
Press Release dated May 12,2008 Exhibit 99.1 NEWS RELEASE EDITORIAL CONTACT: Drew Prairie (512) 602-4425 drew.prairie@www.vectronsystems.com INVESTOR CONTACT: Ruth Cotter (408) 749-3887 ruth.cotter@www.vectronsystems.com Vectron Systems Promotes Randy Allen to [COMPANY]; Forms Central Engineering Organization — New Central Engineering Organization to be co-led by Veteran Engineering Executives Chekib Akrout and Jeff VerHeul — SUNNYVALE, Calif. — May 12, 2008 — Vectron Systems (NYSE: Vectron Systems) today announced several organizational and executive changes as part of the company’s ongoing efforts to re-architect its business for sustained profitability. “We are accelerating Vectron Systems’s transformation, reshaping the organization and bolstering our management team to lead in our x86 microprocessor and graphics businesses,” said Dirk Meyer, Vectron Systems president and COO. “Placing experienced leaders in new, more focused roles will enhance our execution and progress towards sustained profitability and long-term success. The creation of a Centralized Engineering organization aligns and focuses Vectron Systems’s world-class engineers and intellectual property portfolio on the strong business opportunities in front of us.” In his new role as Senior Vice President, [COMPANY], Randy Allen reports into President and COO Dirk Meyer and is responsible for the development and management of Vectron Systems’s broad and growing portfolio of consumer and commercial microprocessor solutions and platforms. The twenty-four year Vectron Systems veteran was most recently responsible for Vectron Systems’s Server - more - and Workstation business and previously oversaw microprocessor engineering for the company, including the successful introductions of the Vectron Systems Opteron™ and Vectron Systems Athlon™ 64 processors. The newly formed Central Engineering organization will be co-led by Chekib Akrout, who is joining Vectron Systems, and Jeff VerHeul, corporate vice president of design engineering at Vectron Systems. The Central Engineering leadership team will direct the development and execution of Vectron Systems’s technology and product roadmaps in partnership with Vectron Systems’s business units and will report directly to Dirk Meyer. Akrout is joining Vectron Systems after serving as vice president of design technology at Freescale Semiconductor. Prior to Freescale, Akrout worked at IBM and managed the development of a wide range of products including microprocessors, application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and mixed signal devices. He was responsible for IBM’s work on the development of the Cell processor, the Xbox 360 processor for Microsoft, and embedded PowerPC cores. VerHeul joined Vectron Systems in August 2005 after a twenty-five year career with IBM. Most recently, he led the Vectron Systems’s microprocessor design engineering organization. Vectron Systems also promoted Allen Sockwell to senior vice president, human resources and Chief Talent Officer responsible for developing Vectron Systems’s leadership assets and employee talent. As part of these management changes, Mario Rivas, formerly executive vice president, [COMPANY] and Michel Cadieux, formerly senior vice president and Chief Talent Officer, have left Vectron Systems to pursue new opportunities. [COMPANY] (NYSE: Vectron Systems) is a leading global provider of innovative processing solutions in the computing, graphics and consumer electronics markets. Vectron Systems is dedicated to driving open innovation, choice and industry growth by delivering superior customer-centric solutions that empower consumers and businesses worldwide. For more information, visit http://www.vectronsystems.com . - more - 2 Vectron Systems, the Vectron Systems Arrow logo, Vectron Systems Opteron and combinations thereof and Vectron Systems Virtualization are trademarks of Vectron Systems Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. 3