- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ---------------- FORM 10-K [X]ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000 OR [_]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number 1-13252 ---------------- McKESSON HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 94-3207296 McKessonHBOC Plaza, One Post Street, San Francisco, CA 94104 Telephone--Area Code (415) 983-8300 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of Each Class) (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) Common Stock, $.01 par value New York Stock Exchange Pacific Exchange, Inc. Preferred Stock Purchase Rights New York Stock Exchange Pacific Exchange, Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [_] Aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the Registrant at June 1, 2000: $4,689,007,884 Number of shares of common stock outstanding at June 1, 2000: 284,182,296 Documents Incorporated By Reference Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on July 26, 2000 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Page ---- ---- PART I 1. Business........................................................... 3 2. Properties......................................................... 9 3. Legal Proceedings.................................................. 10 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders................ 14 Executive Officers of the Registrant............................... 15 PART II 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters............................................................ 17 6. Selected Financial Data............................................ 17 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 7. Results of Operations.............................................. 17 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk......... 17 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data........................ 17 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and 9. Financial Disclosure............................................... 17 PART III 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant................. 18 11. Executive Compensation............................................. 18 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management..... 18 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..................... 18 PART IV 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K... 18 Signatures......................................................... 20 2 Item 1. Business (a) General Development of Business McKesson HBOC, Inc. ("McKessonHBOC," the "Company" or the "Registrant") is a leading health care services company in North America, providing supply management, software solutions, technological innovation and comprehensive services to the health care industry. The Company's mission is to advance the health of the health care system by advancing the success of our partners. The Company's strategic vision is to be the preferred provider of supply management, information solutions and services to the health care industry. Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions McKessonHBOC has undertaken numerous strategic initiatives in recent years to further focus the Company on its core health care businesses and enhance its competitive position. These include the following significant acquisitions and dispositions: Health Care Supply Management Segment Acquisitions . In November 1998, the Company acquired RedLine HealthCare Corporation ("RedLine"), a distributor of medical supplies and services to the extended-care industry, including long-term homecare supply, for approximately $233 million in cash. Health Care Information Technology Segment Acquisitions . In January 1999, McKesson Corporation ("McKesson") completed the acquisition of HBO & Company ("HBOC"), a leading health care information technology company, by exchanging 177 million shares of McKesson common stock for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of HBOC. Each share of HBOC common stock was exchanged for 0.37 of a share of McKesson common stock (the "Exchange Ratio"). McKesson was renamed McKesson HBOC, Inc. The transaction was structured as a tax-free reorganization and was accounted for as a pooling of interests. . In December 1998, the Company acquired Access Health, Inc. ("Access"), a provider of clinically based care management programs and health care information services, for the equivalent, after application of the Exchange Ratio, of approximately 12.7 million shares of Company common stock. . In October 1998, the Company acquired IMNET Systems, Inc. ("IMNET"), a provider of electronic information and document management solutions for the health care industry, for the equivalent of approximately 3.6 million shares of Company common stock and 0.6 million Company stock options. . In December 1997, the Company acquired HPR Inc. ("HPR"), a provider of clinical information systems for the managed care industry, for the equivalent of approximately 6.8 million shares of Company common stock. . In June 1997, the Company acquired Enterprise Systems, Inc. ("ESi"), a developer of resource management solutions including materials management, operating room logistics, scheduling and financial management, for the equivalent of approximately 5.6 million shares of Company common stock. . In June 1997, the Company acquired AMISYS Managed Care Systems, Inc. ("AMISYS"), a provider of managed care information systems for the payor market, for the equivalent of approximately 4.0 million shares of Company common stock. e-Health Segment Acquisition . In November 1999, the Company acquired Abaton.com, a provider of internet-based clinical applications for use by physician practices, pharmacy benefit managers, benefit payors, laboratories and pharmacies, for approximately $95 million in cash and the assumption of employee stock incentives. 3 Disposition . In February 2000, the Company disposed of its last non-health care business, its wholly-owned subsidiary McKesson Water Products Company, for approximately $1.1 billion in cash. (b) Financial Information About Industry Segments Financial information about the Company's business segments for the three years ended March 31, 2000 is included in Financial Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "Segments of Business," appearing on pages F-62 to F-64 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (c) Narrative Description of Business (1) Description of Segments of Business The Company is organized under three operating segments: Health Care Supply Management, Health Care Information Technology and e-Health. Within the United States and Canada, the Health Care Supply Management segment is a leading wholesale distributor of ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and health and beauty care products principally to chain and independent drug stores, hospitals, alternate care sites, food stores and mass merchandisers. The Health Care Information Technology segment delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, information outsourcing and other services to health care organizations throughout the United States and certain foreign countries. The e-Health segment provides internet-based clinical applications for use by physician practices, pharmacy benefit managers, benefit payors, laboratories and pharmacies. The Company generated annual sales of $36.7 billion, $30.0 billion, and $22.1 billion in fiscal years 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively; approximately $35.5 billion, 97%, $28.5 billion, 95%, and $20.6 billion, 93%, respectively, in the Health Care Supply Management segment; approximately $1.2 billion, 3%, $1.5 billion, 5%, and $1.4 billion, 7%, respectively, in the Health Care Information Technology segment; and approximately $0.4 million in fiscal 2000, in the e-Health segment. Health Care Supply Management Products and Markets Through its Health Care Supply Management segment, McKessonHBOC is a leading distributor of ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and health and beauty care products in North America. The Company's Health Care Supply Management segment consists of the Pharmaceutical Group, the Medical Group, the Automation Group and the Pharmaceutical Partners Group (collectively, the "Supply Management Business"). The Pharmaceutical Group supplies pharmaceuticals and health care related products to three primary customer segments: retail chains (pharmacies, food stores, and mass merchandisers), retail independent pharmacies and institutional providers (including hospitals, alternate-site providers, and integrated health networks) in all 50 states. These three customer categories represented approximately 42.4%, 25.5%, and 32.1%, respectively, of the Pharmaceutical Distribution Group's revenues in fiscal 2000. Operating under the trade names EconoMost(R) and EconoLink(R) and a number of related service marks, the Company promotes electronic order entry systems and a wide range of computerized merchandising and asset management services for pharmaceutical retailers and health care institutions. The Company has developed advanced marketing programs and information services for retail pharmacies. These initiatives include the Valu-Rite(R), Valu-Rite/CareMax(R) and Health Mart(R) retail networks, the OmniLink(R) centralized pharmacy technology platform, which offers retail 4 network members connectivity with managed care organizations while promoting compliance with managed care plans, and .com pharmacy solutions(SM), a service initiative that allows independent pharmacies to set up their own websites for selling OTC products and prescription refills to their customers. The Company's nationwide network of distribution centers utilizes the Acumax(R) Plus warehouse management system which provides real-time inventory statistics and tracks products from the receiving dock to shipping through scanned bar code information and radio frequency signals with accuracy levels above 99% to help ensure that the right product arrives at the right time and place for both the Company's customers and their patients. The Company believes that its financial strength, purchasing leverage, affiliation networks, nationwide network of distribution centers, and advanced logistics and information technologies provide competitive advantages to its pharmaceutical distribution operations. The Medical Group offers a full range of medical-surgical supplies, equipment, logistics and related services across the continuum of health care providers: hospitals, physicians' offices, long-term care, and homecare. The Medical Group includes the operations of McKesson General Medical Corporation ("MGM"), RedLine, Hawk Medical Supply and MedPath. The Medical Group is the nation's third largest distributor of medical-surgical supplies to hospitals (acute care) and a leading supplier of medical-surgical supplies to the full- range of alternate-site health care facilities, including physicians and clinics (primary care), long-term care and homecare sites (extended care). The Medical Group's Red.e.NetSM site provides an advanced way of ordering medical- surgical products over the Internet and its Optipak program allows physicians to customize ordering of supplies according to individual surgical procedure preferences. The Automation Group manufactures and markets automated pharmacy systems and services to hospitals and retail pharmacies through its McKesson Automated Healthcare ("MAH") and McKesson Automated Prescription Systems ("APS") units. Key products of MAH include the ROBOT-Rx(TM) system, a robotic pharmacy dispensing and utilization tracking system that enables hospitals to lower pharmacy costs while significantly improving the accuracy of pharmaceutical dispensing, AcuDose-Rx(TM) unit-based cabinets which automate the storage, dispensing and tracking of commonly used drugs in patient areas, and AcuScan- Rx(TM) which records, automates, and streamlines drug administration and medication information requirements through bar code scanning at the patient's bedside. APS manufactures a wide range of pharmaceutical dispensing and productivity products including Baker Cells(TM) and Baker Cassettes(TM), modular units that provide pharmacists with quick and accurate counting capabilities combined with efficient space management; Autoscript(TM), a robotic pharmacy dispensing system that enables retail pharmacies to lower pharmacy costs through high volume dispensing while improving accuracy through the use of bar code technology; and Pharmacy 2000(TM), an interactive workstation system which combines software and automation to improve productivity throughout the pharmacy prescription sales process. The Pharmaceutical Partners Group combines the Company's pharmaceutical and biotechnology services in a single group that is focused on helping manufacturers meet their marketing goals. The Pharmaceutical Partners Group provides sales, marketing and other services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and biotechnology customers including distribution management and reimbursement services, services in support of clinical trials and biomedical research, direct mail and fulfillment services, decision support and data analysis, full service sales force automation, business analytics, and integrated contract sales and marketing support services. Also included in the Supply Management Business is Zee Medical, Inc., a distributor of first-aid products and safety supplies to industrial and commercial customers and Med Management, a leading pharmacy management, purchasing, consulting and information services company. International operations include Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. ("Medis"), a wholly-owned subsidiary and the largest pharmaceutical distributor in Canada; and the Company's 22% equity interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V., a leading pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico. 5 Intellectual Property The principal trademarks and service marks of the Health Care Supply Management segment are: ECONOMOST(R), ECONOLINK(R), VALU-RITE(R), Valu- Rite/CareMax(R), OmniLink(R), Health Mart(R), ROBOT-Rx(TM), AcuDose-Rx(TM), AcuScan(TM), Baker Cells(TM), Baker Cassettes(TM), Baker Universal(TM), Autoscript(TM), Pharmacy 2000(TM), coSource(R) and .com Pharmacy Solutions(SM). The Company also owns other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and similar rights used by the Health Care Supply Management segment. All of the principal marks are registered in the United States or registration has been applied for with respect to such marks. The United States federal registrations of these trademarks and service marks have ten or twenty-year terms, depending on date of registration. All are subject to unlimited renewals. The Company believes this business has taken all necessary steps to preserve the registration and duration of its trademarks and service marks, although no assurance can be given that it will be able to successfully enforce or protect its rights thereunder in the event that they are subject to third-party infringement claims. The Company does not consider any particular patent, license, franchise or concession to be material to the business of the Health Care Supply Management segment. Competition In every area of operations, the Company's distribution businesses face strong competition both in price and service from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self- warehousing chains, and from manufacturers engaged in direct distribution. The Health Care Supply Management segment faces competition from various other service providers (including specialized business-to-business e-commerce service providers) and from pharmaceutical and other health care manufacturers (as well as other potential customers of the Health Care Supply Management segment) which may from time to time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities which are provided by the Health Care Supply Management segment and other competing service providers. Price, quality of service, and, in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in the Health Care Supply Management segment. Health Care Information Technology Products and Markets The Company's Health Care Information Technology segment provides patient care, clinical, financial, supply chain, managed care and strategic management software solutions for payors and providers in the health care industry. The segment also provides a full complement of network communications technologies, including wireless capabilities, as well as outsourcing services in which its staff manages and operates data centers, information systems, medical call centers, organizations and business offices of health care institutions of various sizes and structures. In addition, the segment offers a wide range of care management and electronic commerce services, including electronic medical claims and remittance advice services, and statement processing. The Health Care Information Technology segment markets its products and services to integrated delivery networks, hospitals, physicians' offices, home health providers, pharmacies, reference laboratories, managed care providers and payors. The segment also sells its products and services internationally through subsidiaries and/or distribution agreements in the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Canada, Israel, Ireland, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Australia, New Zealand and Puerto Rico. The Health Care Information Technology segment's product portfolio is organized into nine components: acute-care or hospital information systems ("HIS"), infrastructure, community health management, clinical management, practice management, access management, resource management, enterprise management and payors. 6 Hospital Information Systems. HIS applications automate the operation of individual departments and their respective functions within the in-patient environment. The Company's HIS systems include applications for patient care, laboratory, pharmacy, radiology, financial, supply chain and management decision-making. Infrastructure. Infrastructure components include local, wide area and value-added networks, wireless technology, electronic data interchange (EDI) capabilities, an interface manager and a data repository. Other infrastructure applications include document imaging as well as an enterprise master person index. Community Health Management. Community health management applications and services focus on managing the demand for health care services by predicting what care may be required, preventing illness and managing the care required as cost effectively as possible. Components of the Company's community health management strategy include care management services and medical call center management, data analysis to provide early identification of members with high-risk/high-cost diseases and health conditions, guidelines and standards to enable enterprises to improve care management processes, and computer telephony and Internet links to provide electronic connectivity between providers and consumers. Clinical Management. The segment's point-of-care applications are designed to allow physicians and other clinicians to document patient information, establish and manage guidelines or standards of care, enter and manage orders, and view all results and clinical information. Practice Management. Practice management applications provide a comprehensive solution for medical groups and physician enterprises, whether they are independent or part of an integrated health network. With business office management as its cornerstone, the Company's practice management solution also includes risk management and managed care capabilities, clinical systems for managing patient care, and scheduling, as well as decision support, computer telephony, data quality analysis and electronic commerce. Access Management. Access management solutions include indexing applications that organize the vast amounts of information collected about a person throughout the enterprise, allowing patients to be tracked and information about them to be accessed wherever they go for care as well as scheduling systems that instantly register and schedule patients, and the resources needed to serve them, anywhere in the enterprise. Resource Management. Resource management applications help health care organizations better manage people, facilities, supplies, services and equipment by integrating materials management, accounts payable/general ledger, surgical services management and staff scheduling functions. Enterprise Management. Enterprise management applications focus on providing managers with the clinical, financial and other information necessary to contain costs while ensuring high-quality care, including utilization management, accounts receivable management and managed care contracting and member management applications. Payors. Payor solutions support a full range of health insurance and managed care needs. Solutions include businesswide systems that automate all financial and administrative operations, as well as clinically intelligent solutions that monitor quality of care and support provider credentialing and profiling, claims audit, care management, utilization and financial-based analysis. In addition to the segment's product offerings described above, the segment also provides the following services: Enterprise Services. Enterprise services include UNIX processing support, remote system monitoring and single-point issue resolution. In addition, the Health Care Information Technology segment's service path implementation methodology provides a flexible suite of implementation services that can include an enterprise project manager to assist in planning, installing and supporting multiple Company products. Other service areas include education, enterprise consulting, application-specific services, computer telephony and care management services. 7 Connect Technology Group. The Connect Technology Group provides network installation and support, as well as a suite of information services that extend local area networks outside of the hospital to include payors, vendors, financial institutions and the Internet. Outsourcing Services Group. The Health Care Information Technology segment has been in the outsourcing business in the United States for more than 20 years and offers outsourcing services in the United Kingdom as well. Outsourcing services include managing hospital data processing operations (traditionally known as facilities management) as well as strategic management services in information systems planning, receivables management, revenue cycle outsourcing, business office administration and major system conversions. Electronic Commerce Group. The Health Care Information Technology segment's e-commerce capabilities in EDI service include claims processing, eligibility verification and remittance advice as well as statement printing. Research and Development The Health Care Information Technology segment's product development effort applies computer technology and installation methodologies to specific information processing needs of hospitals. Management believes a substantial and sustained commitment to such research and development ("R&D") is important to the long-term success of the business. Investment in software development includes both R&D expense as well as capitalized software. The Health Care Information Technology segment expended $110.0 million (9.1% of revenue) for R&D activities during fiscal 2000, compared to $114.7 million (7.5% of revenue) and $112.5 million (7.9% of revenue) during 1999 and 1998, respectively. The Health Care Information Technology segment capitalized 31%, 31% and 26% of its R&D expenditures in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Information regarding R&D is included in Financial Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, "Significant Accounting Policies," appearing on pages F-37 to F-39 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property The substantial majority of technical concepts and codes embodied in the Health Care Information Technology segment's computer programs and program documentation are not protected by patents or copyrights but constitute trade secrets that are proprietary to the Company. The principal trademarks and service marks of the Health Care Information Technology segment are: AMISYS(R), ASK-A-NURSE(R), Connect 2000SM, Credentialer(R), CRMS(TM), Episode Profiler(R), HealthQuest(R), InterQual(R), Paragon(R), Patterns Profiler(TM), Pathways 2000(R), America's Source for Health Care Answers(R) and TRENDSTAR(R). The Company also owns other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and similar rights used by the Health Care Information Technology segment. All of the principal trademarks and service marks are registered in the United States, in addition to certain other jurisdictions. The United States federal registrations of these trademarks have terms of ten or twenty years, depending on date of registration, and are subject to unlimited renewals. The Company believes this business has taken all necessary steps to preserve the registration and duration of its trademarks and service marks, although no assurance can be given that it will be able to successfully enforce or protect its rights thereunder in the event that they are subject to third-party infringement claims. The Company does not consider any particular patent, license, franchise or concession to be material to the business of the Health Care Information Technology segment. Competition The Company's Health Care Information Technology segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other computer services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, hardware vendors and internet-based companies with technology applicable to the health care industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage, and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. 8 e-Health Products and Markets e-Health sales and marketing efforts are directed at large physician practices and physician practice management organizations, integrated delivery systems, clinical laboratories, pharmacy benefit managers and health maintenance organizations. The e-Health segment offers a clinical suite of products consisting of browser-based software applications which may be purchased and used separately or collectively to automate internal and external clinical communications including: multi-laboratory order entry and result reporting, electronic prescribing within formulary and medical guidelines, and advanced task management and medical record documentation including web-based dictation, transcription and attestation, most of which are done via paper today. Intellectual Property The principal trademarks and service marks of the e-Health segment are: Abaton.com(SM), ClinChart.com(SM), ClinRx.com(SM), ClinWorkflow.com(SM), ClinReports.com(SM), ClinLabs.com(SM) and Abaton.com Clinical Suite(SM). A utility patent application has been filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the clinical transaction system. The Company has also registered the domain names for each of its product names. Competition The e-Health market is becoming increasingly competitive as health care entities recognize the need for fully integrated web-based solutions. Competitors include practice management vendors, traditional hospital information companies and internet-based companies with technology applicable to the health care industry. (2) Other Information About the Business Customers--The Company's recent strategy has been to build relationships with large customers that are achieving rapid growth. A significant portion of the Company's increase in sales has been to a limited number of these large customers. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, sales to the Company's ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of the Company's revenues. Sales to the Company's largest customer, Rite Aid Corporation, represented approximately 15% of the Company's fiscal 2000 revenues. Environmental Legislation--The Company sold its chemical distribution operations in fiscal 1987. In connection with the disposition of those operations, the Company retained responsibility for certain environmental obligations and has entered into agreements with the Environmental Protection Agency and certain states pursuant to which it is or may be required to conduct environmental assessments and cleanups at several closed sites. These matters are described further in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings" on pages 10 to 14 of this report. Other than any capital expenditures which may be required in connection with those matters, the Company does not anticipate making substantial capital expenditures for environmental control facilities or to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future. The amount of capital expenditures expended by the Company for environmental compliance was not material in fiscal 2000 and is not expected to be material in the next fiscal year. Employees--At March 31, 2000, the Company employed approximately 21,100 persons. (d) Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales Information as to foreign operations is included in Financial Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements "Segments of Business," appearing on pages F-62 to F-64 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Properties Because of the nature of the Company's principal businesses, plant, warehousing, office and other facilities are operated in widely dispersed locations. The warehouses are typically owned or leased on a long-term basis. 9 The Company considers its operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet its needs for the next several years without making capital expenditures materially higher than historical levels. Information as to material lease commitments is included in Financial Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, "Lease Obligations," appearing on page F-52 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. Legal Proceedings I. Accounting Litigation Since the Company's announcements in April, May and July of 1999 that the Company determined certain software sales transactions in its Information Technology Business unit, formerly HBOC, were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, and as of June 1, 2000, seventy-nine lawsuits have been filed in various state and federal courts throughout the nation against the Company, certain of its current or former officers or directors, and in some of the cases other defendants, including Bear Stearns & Co., Inc. and Arthur Andersen LLP. A. Federal Actions Sixty-one of these actions have been filed in Federal Court (the "Federal Actions"). Of these, fifty-eight were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, one in the Northern District of Illinois (which has been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice), one in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (which has been transferred to the Northern District of California), and one in the Western District of Louisiana. On November 2, 1999, the Honorable Ronald M. Whyte of the Northern District of California issued an order consolidating fifty-three of the Federal Actions into one action entitled In re McKesson HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation (Case No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the "Consolidated Action"). On December 22, 1999, Judge Whyte appointed the New York State Common Retirement Fund as lead plaintiff ("Lead Plaintiff") and approved Lead Plaintiff's choice of counsel. Judge Whyte's December 22 order also consolidated another class action, Jacobs v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (C-99-21192 RMW), into the Consolidated Action. By order dated February 7, 2000, Judge Whyte coordinated an action alleging ERISA claims, Chang v. McKesson HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. C-00-20030 RMW) and a derivative action, Cohen v. McCall et al. (Case No. C-99-20916 RMW) with the Consolidated Action. On February 25, 2000, Lead Plaintiff filed an Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the "Consolidated Complaint"). The Consolidated Complaint names as defendants the Company, certain of its current or former officers or directors, Arthur Andersen LLP and Bear Stearns & Co., Inc. The Consolidated Complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated the federal securities laws in connection with the events leading to the Company's need to restate its financial statements. The Consolidated Complaint seeks (i) a declaration that the action is maintainable as a class action and that the Lead Plaintiff is a proper class representative, (ii) unspecified compensatory damages, (iii) costs and expenses of suit including reasonable attorneys' fees, and (iv) any other relief deemed proper by the Court. On April 25, 2000, the Company filed a motion to dismiss and/or to strike portions of the Consolidated Complaint. Lead Plaintiff has not yet filed a written opposition to the Company's motion to dismiss, which is scheduled to be heard by the Court on September 15, 2000. Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, all discovery is stayed in the Consolidated Action during the pendency of this motion. On April 27, 2000, Lead Plaintiff in the Consolidated Action filed a purported class action complaint against HBOC in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Case No. C-99-00 20472 PVT). The complaint incorporates by reference the allegations and causes of action set out in the Consolidated Complaint, and seeks to hold HBOC directly liable for the wrongful conduct alleged in the complaint in the event the Court determines that the Company is not the successor in interest to HBOC. No response has yet been filed to the complaint. Two other actions, Bea v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. C-00-20072 RMW), and Cater v. McKesson Corporation et al. (Case No. C-00-20327 RMW), have also been filed in the Northern District of California. By stipulation, Bea has been consolidated with the Consolidated Action and Cater has been stayed pending the resolution of the Company's motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint. One other action, 10 Baker v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CV 00-0522) has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The Company has moved to transfer Baker to the Northern District of California, or alternatively, to stay pending the outcome of the Consolidated Action. Finally, one additional action, Rosenberg v. McCall et al. (Case No. 1:99-CV- 1447 JEC) was filed in the Northern District of Georgia and subsequently transferred to the Northern District of California, but that action names only two former officers and does not name the Company. B. State Actions Eighteen actions have also been filed in various state courts in California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana and Pennsylvania (the "State Actions"). Like the Consolidated Action, the State Actions generally allege misconduct by the defendants in connection with the events leading to the Company's need to restate its financial statements. Two of the State Actions are derivative actions: Ash, et al. v. McCall, et al. (Del C.A. No. 17132) filed in the Delaware Chancery Court, and Mitchell v. McCall et al. (Case. No. 304415) filed in California Superior Court, City and County of San Francisco. The Company has moved to dismiss both of these actions. Five of the State Actions are class actions. Three of these were filed in Delaware Chancery Court: Derdiger v. Tallman et al. (Case No. 17276), Carroll v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 17454), and Kelly v. McKesson HBOC, Inc., et. al. (Case No. 17282-NC); and two were filed in Delaware Superior Court: Edmondson v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 99-951) and Caravetta v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 00C-04-214 WTQ). The Carroll and Kelly actions have been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. The Company has removed Edmondson to Federal Court in Delaware, and plaintiffs filed a motion to remand, which is pending. The Company has moved to stay Derdiger, and has moved to dismiss the Caravetta complaint. Eleven of the State Actions are individual actions which have been filed in various state courts. Four of these were filed in the California Superior Court, City and County of San Francisco: Yurick v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 303857), The State of Oregon by and through the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 307619), Utah State Retirement Board v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311269), and Minnesota State Board of Investment v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311747). The Court has sustained the Company's demurrer to the Yurick action without leave to amend with respect to all causes of action except the claims for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation. The Court sustained the Company's demurrer to these causes of action with leave to amend. The Court has also stayed Yurick pending the commencement of discovery in the Consolidated Action. By stipulation of the parties and order of the Court, all proceedings other than motions to test the sufficiency of the complaint in Oregon have been stayed pending the commencement of discovery in the Consolidated Action. The Company has moved to dismiss the amended complaint in Oregon, and has until June 20, 2000 to respond to the complaints in Utah and Minnesota. Three actions have been filed in Georgia State Court: Moulton v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 98-13176-9), Powell v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. e. al. (Case No. 1999-CV-15443), and Adler v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 99-C-7980-3). The Company has answered the Moulton and Adler complaints, and Powell has been dismissed without prejudice. One action has been filed in Delaware Superior Court, Kelly v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 99C-09-265 WCC), one in the Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas, Chester County, Grant v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 99-03978), one in Colorado District Court, Boulder County, American Healthcare Fund II v. HBO & Company et al. (Case No. 00-CV-1762), and one in Louisiana State Court, Rapides Parish, Baker v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CV-199018-A). The Company has moved to dismiss the complaints in Kelly, Grant and American Healthcare Fund II, and has removed Baker to Federal Court in Louisiana. In addition, the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California and the San Francisco District Office of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") have also commenced investigations in connection with the matters relating to the restatement of previously reported amounts for HBOC described above. These investigations are ongoing. The Company does not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amounts of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of 11 these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. II. Other Litigation and Claims: In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of the Company's business. These include: A. Antitrust Matters The Company currently is a defendant in numerous civil antitrust actions filed since 1993 in federal and state courts by retail pharmacies. The federal cases have been coordinated for pretrial purposes in the United States District Court in the Northern District of Illinois and are known as MDL 997. MDL 997 consists of a consolidated class action (the "Federal Class Action") as well as approximately 109 additional actions brought by approximately 3,500 individual retail, chain and supermarket pharmacies (the "Individual Actions"). There are numerous other defendants in these actions including several pharmaceutical manufacturers and several other wholesale distributors. These cases allege, in essence, that the defendants have violated the Sherman Act by conspiring to fix the prices of brand name pharmaceuticals sold to plaintiffs at artificially high, and non-competitive levels, especially as compared with the prices charged to mail order pharmacies, managed care organizations and other institutional buyers. On January 19, 1999, the District Court entered its written opinion and judgment granting defendants' motion for a judgment as a matter of law. On July 13, 1999, the Seventh Circuit affirmed the District Court's judgment as to the dismissal of the claims against the wholesalers. The Individual Actions, which are still pending in the Northern District of Illinois for pre-trial purposes, will be remanded to their original transferor jurisdictions for trial. The wholesalers' motion for partial summary judgment that they should not be liable for any damages resulting from drugs sold prior to four years from the October 1997 amended complaints in those cases was granted. Most of the individual cases brought by chain stores have been settled. The currently pending state court antitrust cases against the Company are in California, Mississippi and Tennessee. The state cases are based essentially on the same facts alleged in the Federal Class Action and Individual Actions and assert violations of state antitrust and/or unfair competition laws. The case in California (referred to as Coordinated Special Proceeding, Pharmaceutical Cases, I, II & III) is pending in Superior Court for the State of California, City and County of San Francisco. A class of retail pharmacies has been certified and the case is trailing MDL 997. The case in Mississippi (Montgomery Drug Co., et al. v. The Upjohn Co., et al.) is pending in the Chancery Court of Prentiss County, Mississippi. The Chancery Court has held that the case may not be maintained as a class action. The Tennessee case, filed in Knoxville, is a class action on behalf of consumers who purchased brand-name drugs from retail stores in fourteen states. The claims, brought under Tennessee law, allege deceptive trade practices, conspiracy to fix prices, price discrimination and fraudulent concealment. On July 6, 1998, the court conditionally certified the case as a multi-state class action. A motion to dismiss the complaint is pending on the grounds, among others, that (i) plaintiff class members are indirect purchasers and are not entitled to bring an action against the wholesalers and manufacturers, and (ii) the state antitrust statutes on which the class relied do not apply to interstate commerce. A motion is also pending for permission to file an interlocutory appeal from the order denying defendants' motion to vacate the order granting conditional class certification. In each of the cases, plaintiffs seek remedies in the form of injunctive relief and unquantified monetary damages, attorneys' fees and costs. Plaintiffs in the California cases also seek restitution. In addition, treble damages are sought in the Federal Class Action, the Individual Actions, the California case and the Tennessee case and statutory penalties of $500 per violation are sought in the Mississippi case. The Company has entered into a judgment sharing agreement with certain pharmaceutical manufacturer defendants, which provides generally that the Company (together with the other wholesale distributor defendants) will be held harmless by 12 such pharmaceutical manufacturer defendants and will be indemnified against the costs of adverse judgments, if any, against the wholesaler and manufacturers in these or similar actions, in excess of $1 million in the aggregate per wholesale distributor defendant. B. FoxMeyer Litigation In January 1997, the Company and twelve pharmaceutical manufacturers (the "Manufacturer Defendants") were named as defendants in the matter of FoxMeyer Health Corporation vs. McKesson, et al. filed in the District Court in Dallas County, Texas ("the Texas Action"). Plaintiff (the parent corporation of FoxMeyer Drug Company and FoxMeyer Corporation, collectively "FoxMeyer Corporation") alleges that, among other things, the Company (i) defrauded Plaintiff, (ii) competed unfairly and tortiously interfered with FoxMeyer Corporation's business operations, and (iii) conspired with the Manufacturer Defendants, all in order to destroy FoxMeyer Corporation's business, restrain trade and monopolize the marketplace, and allow the Company to purchase that business at a distressed price. Plaintiff seeks relief against all defendants in the form of compensatory damages of at least $400 million, punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs. The Company answered the complaint, denying the allegations and removed the case to federal bankruptcy court in Dallas. In March 1997, the Company and the Manufacturer Defendants filed a complaint in intervention against FoxMeyer Health (now known as Avatex Corporation) in the action filed against Avatex by the FoxMeyer Unsecured Creditors Committee in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint in intervention seeks declaratory relief and an order enjoining Avatex from pursuing the Texas Action. In November 1998, the Delaware court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment as to the first three counts asserted in the Texas Action on the ground of judicial estoppel. The Company filed a renewed motion of summary judgment on the four remaining counts of Avatex's complaint in the Texas Action which was denied without prejudice by the Delaware court on August 9, 1999. In addition, the Company filed cross-claims against the Trustee and debtors seeking the same relief as sought in the Company's complaint against Avatex. Based on the order granting summary judgment as to the first three counts, the Texas bankruptcy court dismissed those counts with prejudice and ordered the Texas Action remanded to state court. On November 30, 1998, the Company and the other Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the District Court from the remand ruling as well as the August 1997 ruling denying defendants' motion to transfer the Texas Action to Delaware. In addition, the Company has filed a counter-claim and cross-claim against Avatex and Messrs. Estrin, Butler and Massman in the Texas Action, asserting various claims of misrepresentation and breach of contract. The District Court upheld the remand order and denied as moot the appeal from the denying transfer. A cross-appeal by Avatex from the order dismissing the three counts with prejudice is still pending. The Company and several of the other defendants appealed to the Court of Appeals the ruling upholding the order denying transfer but subsequently moved to dismiss the appeal with prejudice, which motion was granted and the appeal was dismissed on October 4, 1999. As a result, the Texas Action is now pending in Texas state court, and the parties presently are engaged in discovery on the merits of the various claims asserted in the Texas Action. C. Product Liability Litigation The Company has been named as a defendant, or has received from customers tenders of defense, in twenty-nine pending cases alleging injury due to the diet drug combination of fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine and phentermine. All of the cases are pending in the state courts of California, Idaho, Missouri, Nevada and Nebraska. The Company has tendered the cases to the manufacturers of the drugs and is currently defending the cases pending resolution of its negotiations with the manufacturers. Certain subsidiaries of the Company (i.e. MGM and RedLine, collectively the "Subsidiaries") are defendants in approximately fifty cases in which plaintiffs claim that they were injured due to exposure, over many years, to the latex proteins in gloves manufactured by numerous manufacturers and distributed by a number of distributors, including the Subsidiaries. Efforts to resolve tenders of defense to their suppliers are continuing. The Subsidiaries' insurers are providing coverage for these cases, subject to the applicable deductibles. 13 There are five remaining state court class actions in New York, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina and Texas filed against MGM on behalf of all health care workers in those states who suffered accidental needle sticks that exposed them to potentially contaminated bodily fluids, arising from MGM's distribution of allegedly defective syringes. MGM's suppliers of the syringes are also named defendants in these actions. The tender of these cases has been accepted by the two major suppliers. By this acceptance, these suppliers are paying for separate distributors' counsel and have agreed to fully indemnify the Company for any judgments in these cases arising from its distribution of their products. D. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of its former chemical businesses, which were divested in fiscal 1987, the Company is involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations: The Company has received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial action purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at five sites where the Company (or entities acquired by the Company) formerly conducted operations; and the Company, by administrative order or otherwise, has agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. The current estimate (determined by the Company's environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel) of the upper limit of the Company's range of reasonably possible remediation costs for these five sites is approximately $17 million, net of approximately $3.5 million which third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or which the Company expects, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $17 million is expected to be paid out between April 2000 and March 2029 and is included in the Company's recorded environmental liabilities at March 31, 2000. In addition, the Company has been designated as a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the "Superfund" law or its state law equivalent) for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of the Company's alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 18 sites. With respect to each of these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and, while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. The Company's estimated liability at those 18 PRP sites is approximately $2 million. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by the Company in Superfund matters to date has not been significant. The $2 million is included in the Company's recorded environmental liabilities at March 31, 2000. The potential costs to the Company related to environmental matters is uncertain due to such factors as: the unknown magnitude of possible pollution and cleanup costs; the complexity and evolving nature of governmental laws and regulations and their interpretations; the timing, varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies; the determination of the Company's liability in proportion to other PRPs; and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from insurance or other parties. Except as specifically stated above with respect to the litigation matters arising from the Company's restatement of previously reported amounts for the Information Technology Business unit (section I, above), management believes, based on current knowledge and the advice of the Company's counsel, that the outcome of the litigation and governmental proceedings discussed in this Item 3 will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended March 31, 2000. 14 Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth information regarding the executive officers of the Company, including their principal occupations during the past five years. The number of years of service with the Company includes service with predecessor companies (including McKesson). There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. The executive officers are chosen annually to serve until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and have qualified, or until death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Position with Registrant and Business Name Age Experience ---- --- ------------------------------------- John H. Hammergren............... 41 Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer and a director since July 1999. Formerly Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Supply Management Business (January-July 1999); Group President, McKesson Health Systems Group (1997-1999) and Vice President of the Company since 1996. President, Medical/Surgical Division, Kendall Healthcare Products Company (1993-1996). Service with the Company--4 years. David L. Mahoney................. 46 Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer and a director since July 1999. Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Pharmaceutical Services Business (January-July 1999); Group President, Pharmaceutical Services and International Group (1997-1999); Vice President and President, Pharmaceutical and Retail Services (1996-1997); Vice President and President, Pharmaceutical Services Group (December 1995- August 1996); President, Health Care Delivery Systems, Inc., subsidiary (1994-1995). Service with the Company--10 years. William R. Graber................ 57 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 22, 2000. Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, The Mead Corporation (1993-1999). Service with the Company--3 months. Heidi E. Yodowitz................ 46 Senior Vice President since January 1999 and Controller since 1996. Acting Chief Financial Officer (June 1999- February 2000); Staff Vice President, Planning & Analysis (1995-1996); Assistant Controller (1990-1994). Service with the Company--10 years. Paul C. Julian................... 44 Senior Vice President since August 1999, and President of Supply Management Business since March 2000; Group President, McKesson General Medical (1997- February, 2000); Executive Vice President McKesson Health Systems (1996-1997); Group Vice President, Corporate Officer of Owens & Minor. (1994-1996). Service with the Company--4 years. 15 Position with Registrant and Business Name Age Experience ---- --- ------------------------------------- Graham O. King................... 60 Senior Vice President and President, Information Technology Business since October 1999. Group President, Outsourcing Services of HBOC (1998-1999); Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Servis (1994-1998). Service with the Company--1 year, 6 months. Ivan D. Meyerson................. 55 Corporate Secretary since April 1, 1999, and Senior Vice President and General Counsel since January 1999; Vice President and General Counsel (1987-January 1999). Service with the Company--22 years. 16 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Market Information The principal market on which the Company's common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange. The Company's common stock is also traded on the Pacific Exchange, Inc. High and low prices for the common stock by quarter are included in Financial Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, "Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)," appearing on pages F-71 to F-73 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Holders The number of record holders of the Company's common stock at March 31, 2000 was approximately 17,000. (c) Dividends Dividend information is included in Financial Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, "Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)," appearing on pages F-71 to F-73 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Selected financial data is presented in the Six-Year Highlights on pages F- 2 to F-5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management's discussion and analysis of the Company's financial condition and results of operations is presented in the Financial Review on pages F-6 to F-28 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Information required by this item is included in the Financial Review on page F-23 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Financial Statements and Supplementary Data appear on pages F-32 to F-73 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None 17 PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Information with respect to Directors of the Company is incorporated by reference from the Company's 2000 Proxy Statement (the "Proxy Statement"). Certain information relating to Executive Officers of the Company appears on pages 15 to 16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information with respect to this item required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Information with respect to certain transactions with management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement. PART IV Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule, and Reports on Form 8-K (a)Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and Exhibits Page ---- (1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Auditors' Report: See "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements"............. F-1 (2) Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule-- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts............................ 21 Financial statements and schedules not included have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information, where material, is shown in the financial statements, financial notes or supplementary financial information. (3) Exhibits: Exhibits submitted with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated by reference to other filings are listed on the Exhibit Index................ 22 (b)Reports on Form 8-K The following reports on Form 8-K were filed during the three months ended March 31, 2000: 1. Form 8-K Date of Report: January 25, 2000 Date Filed: January 25, 2000 Item 5. Other Events The Registrant filed certain information regarding the Company's signing of a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement to sell all of the outstanding common stock of McKesson Water Products Company, a California Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, for total consideration of approximately $1.1 billion in cash to Groupe Danone SA. 18 Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits (c)Exhibits 99.1 Press Release issued by the Registrant on January 11, 2000. 2.Form 8-K Date of Report: February 1, 2000 Date Filed: February 1, 2000 Item 5. Other Events The Registrant filed certain information regarding the Company's signing of a definitive Stock Purchase Agreement to sell all of the outstanding common stock of McKesson Water Products Company, a California Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, for total consideration of approximately $1.1 billion in cash to Groupe Danone SA. Pro forma financial information to reflect the classification of the net assets and results of operations of the McKesson Water Products Company as a discontinued operation was included as part of the filing. The Registrant's filing also included the Registrant's press release of January 25, 2000 announcing its financial results for the third fiscal quarter ended December 31, 1999. Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits (c)Exhibits 99.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2000, by and among McKesson HBOC, Inc., Danone International Brands, Inc. and Groupe Danone SA. 99.2 Pro forma financial information of the Registrant. 99.3 Press Release issued by the Registrant on January 25, 2000. 19 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. McKesson HBOC, Inc. Dated: June 13, 2000 By /s/ William R. Graber --------------------------------- William R. Graber Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant on behalf of the Registrant and to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated: * - ------------------------------------- John H. Hammergren Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) * - ------------------------------------- David L. Mahoney Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) * - ------------------------------------- William R. Graber Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) * - ------------------------------------- Heidi E. Yodowitz Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) * - ------------------------------------- Alfred C. Eckert III, Director * - ------------------------------------- Tully M. Friedman, Director * - ------------------------------------- Alton F. Irby III, Director * - ------------------------------------- M. Christine Jacobs, Director * - ------------------------------------- Gerald E. Mayo, Director * - ------------------------------------- James V. Napier, Director * - ------------------------------------- David S. Pottruck, Director * - ------------------------------------- Carl E. Reichardt, Director * - ------------------------------------- Alan Seelenfreund, Chairman of the Board * - ------------------------------------- Jane E. Shaw, Director /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson - ------------------------------------- Ivan D. Meyerson *Attorney-in-Fact Dated: June 13, 2000 20 Schedule II McKESSON HBOC, INC. SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998 (in millions) Column A Column B Column C Column D Column E -------- ------------ ---------------------- ------------- ---------- Additions ---------------------- Balance at Charged to Charged to Balance at Beginning of Costs and Other End of Description Period Expenses Accounts Deductions(1) Period(2) ----------- ------------ ---------- ---------- ------------- ---------- Amounts deducted from assets to which they apply: Year Ended March 31, 2000 Allowances for doubtful accounts receivable........... $140.4 $216.8(3) $ -- $(120.7) $236.5 Other reserves........ 40.8 0.5 -- (2.3) 39.0 ------ ------ ----- ------- ------ $181.2 $217.3 $ -- $(123.0) $275.5 ====== ====== ===== ======= ====== Year Ended March 31, 1999 Allowances for doubtful accounts receivable........... $ 54.0 $ 87.2(4) $16.2 $ (17.0) $140.4 Other reserves........ 29.8 11.1 -- (0.1) 40.8 ------ ------ ----- ------- ------ $ 83.8 $ 98.3 $16.2 $ (17.1) $181.2 ====== ====== ===== ======= ====== Year Ended March 31, 1998 Allowances for doubtful accounts receivable........... $ 37.7 $ 16.3 $ -- $ -- $ 54.0 Other reserves........ 22.8 20.1 -- (13.1) 29.8 ------ ------ ----- ------- ------ $ 60.5 $ 36.4 $ -- $ (13.1) $ 83.8 ====== ====== ===== ======= ====== Notes: 2000 1999 1998 - ------ ------ ------ ----- (1) Deductions: Written off............................................ $120.4 $ 17.1 $12.9 Credited to other accounts............................. 2.6 -- 0.2 ------ ------ ----- Total.................................................... $123.0 $ 17.1 $13.1 ====== ====== ===== (2) Amounts shown as deductions from: Current receivables.................................... $274.9 $180.6 $83.0 Other assets........................................... 0.6 0.6 0.8 ------ ------ ----- Total.................................................... $275.5 $181.2 $83.8 ====== ====== ===== (3) Includes charges of $68.5 million for a change in estimate of receivable reserve requirements and customer reserves, $72.6 million for customer settlements (forgiveness of accounts receivable, customer credits and refunds) associated with discontinued product lines and $7.7 million for uncollectible unbilled receivables in the Health Care Information Technology segment. (4) Includes charges of $70.0 million for receivable reserves for the Health Care Information Technology segment related to exposures for bad debts, disputed amounts and customer allowances. 21 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description ------- ----------- 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 17, 1998, by and among McKesson Corporation ("the Company"), McKesson Merger Sub, Inc. ("Merger Sub") and HBO & Company ("HBOC") (Exhibit 2.1(1)). 2.2 Amendment Agreement to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 9, 1998, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and HBOC (Exhibit 2.2 (1)). 2.3 Second Amendment Agreement to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 17, 1998, as amended by an Amendment Agreement dated as of November 9, 1998 (Exhibit 2.1 (2)). 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the office of the Delaware Secretary of State on July 30, 1998 (Exhibit 3.2 (3)). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant as filed with the office of the Delaware Secretary of State on January 12, 1999 (Exhibit 4.3 (4)). 3.3 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company dated as of July 15, 1999 (Exhibit 4.5 (5)). 4.1 Rights Agreement dated as of October 21, 1994 between the Company and First Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agreement") (Exhibit 4.1 (6)). 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement dated as of October 19, 1998 (Exhibit 99.1 (7)). 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 11, 1997, by and between the Company, as Issuer, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.4 (8)). 4.4 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of McKesson Financing Trust, dated as of February 20, 1997, among the Company, as Sponsor, The First National Bank of Chicago, as Institutional Trustee, First Chicago Delaware, Inc., as Delaware Trustee and William A. Armstrong, Ivan D. Meyerson and Nancy A. Miller, as Regular Trustees (Exhibit 4.2 (9)). 4.5 McKesson Corporation Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 20, 1997, between the Company, as Guarantor, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Preferred Guarantor (Exhibit 4.7 (10)). 4.6 Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of each instrument defining the rights of security holders with respect to issues of long-term debt of the Registrant, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant. 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 1999, by and between the Company and the Chairman of the Board. 10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1999, by and between the Company and John H. Hammergren, Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer. 10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 26, 1999, by and between the Company and its former President and Chief Executive Officer (Exhibit 10.3 (15)). 10.4 Form of Termination Agreement by and between the Company and certain designated Corporate Officers (Exhibit 10.23 (11)). 10.5 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.5 (14)). 10.6 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1997 Non-Employee Directors' Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.6 (14)). 22 Exhibit Number Description ------- ----------- 10.7 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Supplemental PSIP (Exhibit 10.7 (14)). 10.8 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Deferred Compensation Administration Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.8 (14)). 10.9 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.9 (14)). 10.10 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1994 Option Gain Deferral Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.10 (14)). 10.11 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.11 (14)). 10.12 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1985 Executives' Elective Deferred Compensation Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.12 (14)). 10.13 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Management Deferred Compensation Plan, amended as of January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.13 (14)). 10.14 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.14 (14)). 10.15 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan, as amended effective January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.15 (14)). 10.16 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Executive Medical Plan Summary (Exhibit 10.16 (14)). 10.17 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Severance Policy for Executive Employees, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.17 (14)). 10.18 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Management Incentive Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.18 (14)). 10.19 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.19 (14)). 10.20 McKesson HBOC, Inc. Stock Purchase Plan, as amended through January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.20 (14)). 10.21 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1999 Executive Stock Purchase Plan (Exhibit 99.1 (12)). 10.22 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2000, by and among the Company, Danone International Brands, Inc. and Groupe Danone SA (Exhibit 99.1 (15)). 10.23 Amendment No.1 to January 10, 2000 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2000. 10.25 HBO & Company 1993 Stock Option Plan for Nonemployee Directors (Exhibit 4 (13)). 10.26 Amendment and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1999, by and between the Company and David L. Mahoney, Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer. 10.27 McKesson HBOC, Inc. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 10.28 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Certain Stock Options Granted on January 27, 1999 (Exhibit 10.28 (14)). 10.29 Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998 among the Company, Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc., Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian Administrative Agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as documentation agent, First Union National Bank, as documentation agent, The First National Bank of Chicago, as documentation agent, and the other financial institutions party thereto (Exhibit 10.29 (14)). 10.30 Stock Option Agreement, dated October 17, 1998, between McKesson and HBOC (Exhibit 99.1 (1)). 10.31 Stock Option Agreement, dated October 17, 1998, between HBOC and McKesson (Exhibit 99.2 (1)). 23 Exhibit Number Description ------- ----------- 10.32 Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999 among the Company and the several financial institutions from time to time party to the Agreement ("Banks"), The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company as documentation agents for Banks and Bank of America N.A. as administrative agent for Banks. 10.33 First Amendment to November 10, 1998 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 28, 1999. 10.34 Second Amendment to November 10, 1998 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 1, 1999. 10.35 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 among the Company, as servicer, CGSF Funding Corporation, as seller, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation, Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation and Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation, as conduits, The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as managing agents, the several financial institutions from time to time party to the Agreement, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as collateral agent. 10.36 First Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 1999. 10.37 Second Amendment to June 25, 1999 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 6, 1999. 10.38 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to certain Stock Options granted on August 16, 1999. 10.39 Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to certain Restricted Stock grants on January 31, 2000. 10.40 Syndicated Revolving Promissory Note dated as of May 28, 1999 among the Company, Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, and the other noteholders' signatures to the Note, Banc of America LLC as Sole Lead Arranger. 10.41 Employment Agreement, dated as of June 21, 1999 by and between the Company and its Senior Vice President, President, Information Technology Business. 10.42 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 1, 1999 by and between the Company and its Senior Vice President, President, Supply Management Business. 10.43 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 31, 1999 by and between the Company and its Senior Vice President, Group President, Retail and Customer Operations Group. 21 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 23.1 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 23.2 Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP. 24 Power of Attorney. 27.1 Financial Data Schedule. 27.2 Financial Data Schedule. 27.3 Financial Data Schedule. - -------- Footnotes to Exhibit Index: (1) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to McKesson's Form S-4 Registration Statement No. 333-67299 filed on November 27, 1998. (2) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 14, 1999. (3) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1998. (4) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-70501 filed on January 12, 1999. 24 (5) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Quarterly Report on for 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999. (6) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 27, 1994. (7) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998. (8) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1997. (9) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-26433 filed on June 18, 1997. (10) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-26433 filed on May 2, 1997. (11) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995. (12) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-71917 filed on February 5, 1999. (13) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to HBOC's Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-67300 filed on August 12, 1993. (14) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999. (15) Incorporated by reference to designated exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2000. 25 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONTENTS Page ---- Six-Year Highlights....................................................... F-2 Financial Review.......................................................... F-6 Consolidated Financial Statements Independent Auditors' Report............................................ F-30 Report of Independent Public Accountants................................ F-31 Statements of Consolidated Income for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.......................................................... F-32 Consolidated Balance Sheets, March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.............. F-33 Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.......................................... F-34 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.................................................... F-36 Financial Notes......................................................... F-37 F-1 SIX-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS(1) Years Ended March 31 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 1997(2) 1996 1995 --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- (dollars in millions except per share amounts) Revenues.................. $36,734.2 $30,028.7 $22,105.7 $16,612.7 $13,520.1 $12,680.0 Percent change........... 22.3% 35.8% 33.1% 22.9% 6.6% 9.6% Gross profit(3)........... 2,322.4 2,399.2 2,158.6 1,479.5 1,141.3 920.2 Percent of revenues...... 6.3% 8.0% 9.8% 8.9% 8.4% 7.3% Operating profit.......... 580.1(4) 310.0(5) 579.8(6) 216.0(7) 158.1(8) 112.0(9) Percent of revenues...... 1.6% 1.0% 2.6% 1.3% 1.2% 0.9% Interest expense-net of corporate interest income................... 107.3 90.4 72.7 35.6 8.2 26.5 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes...... 313.1(4,10) 168.2(5) 459.3(6) 135.0(7) 112.3(8) (30.2)(9,11) Income taxes.............. 122.3 101.4 177.9(12) 73.3 42.8 97.3(13) Effective tax rate........ 39.1% 60.3% 38.7% 54.3% 38.1% -- Dividends on preferred securities of subsidiary trust, net of tax benefit.................. 6.2 6.2 6.2 0.7 -- -- Income (loss) after taxes Continuing operations.... 184.6(4,10) 60.6(5) 275.2(6,12) 61.0(7) 69.5(8) (127.5)(9,11,13) Discontinued operations.. 539.1(14) 24.3 29.4 151.1(15) 39.6 557.3(16) Net income................ 723.7 84.9 304.6 212.1 109.1 429.8 Percent change........... 752.4% (72.1)% 43.6% 94.4% (74.6)% 164.8% Average stockholders' equity................... 3,082.9 2,772.0 2,273.8 1,690.9 1,093.9 841.7 Return on equity(17)..... 23.5% 3.1% 13.4% 12.5% 10.0% 51.1% Common dividends declared................. 67.5 84.9 62.0 52.1 45.5 57.2 Shares on Which Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Were Based Diluted....... 281.3 275.2 282.1 265.2 243.8 221.6 Basic.................... 281.3 275.2 266.2 253.9 239.5 221.6 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share(18) Continuing operations.... $ 0.66 $ 0.22 $ 1.00 $ 0.23 $ 0.29 $ (0.58) Discontinued operations.. 1.91 0.09 0.10 0.57 0.16 2.52 Total................... 2.57 0.31 1.10 0.80 0.45 1.94 - ------- (1) All periods have been restated to classify the Water Products business as a discontinued operation. On February 29, 2000, the Company sold its Water Products business to Groupe Danone for approximately $1.1 billion in cash. (2) Includes the results of the FoxMeyer Corporation pharmaceutical distribution business ("FoxMeyer") from the acquisition date of November 8, 1996 and of MGM from the acquisition date of February 21, 1997. (3) Revenues less cost of sales; fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1995 include $0.8 million, $1.2 million and $35.9 million, respectively, of Health Care Supply Management segment charges for restructuring, asset impairments and other operating items representing 0.002%, 0.004% and 0.3% of 2000, 1999 and 1995 revenues, respectively. (4) Includes Health Care Information Technology segment charges for asset impairments, customer reserves and severance of $240.9 million primarily associated with product streamlining and reorganization and an additional charge of $68.5 million in this segment for a change in estimate of reserve requirements for accounts receivable and customer reserves. These charges are offset, in part, by net gains in the segment totaling $267.0 million primarily from the exchange and subsequent sale of equity investments. Also includes charges of $31.5 million for asset impairments and receivable reserves in the Health Care Supply Management segment related to a prior year implementation of a contract system, $2.9 million in severance and exit-related charges primarily associated with segment staff reductions and income of $6.6 million related to reductions in prior year restructuring reserves. Also includes a charge of $1.5 million for the e-Health segment's write-off of purchased in-process technology related to the Company's November 1999 acquisition of Abaton.com. These items represent 0.2% of revenues in the aggregate, $47.0 million after- tax. F-2 (5) Includes $180.3 million of Health Care Supply Management and $215.6 million of Health Care Information Technology segment charges for transaction costs, costs associated with employee benefits, primarily related to change of control provisions, employee severance, asset impairment write-downs, restructuring, integration and affiliation costs incurred, and system installation costs associated primarily with acquisitions, 1.3% of revenues in the aggregate, $285.8 million after- tax. (6) Includes $16.7 million of Health Care Supply Management segment charges for the terminated merger with AmeriSource Health Corporation ("AmeriSource") and $13.9 million in costs associated primarily with the integration and rationalization of acquisitions; and, $65.5 million of Health Care Information Technology segment charges related to the acquisitions of AMISYS Managed Care Systems, Inc., Enterprise Systems, Inc., HPR Inc. and National Health Enhancement Systems, Inc. and the merger of Access Health, Inc. and Informed Access Systems, Inc., 0.4% of revenues in the aggregate, $65.3 million after-tax. (7) Includes Health Care Supply Management segment charges of $91.8 million for restructuring, asset impairment and other operating items and $48.2 million for the write-off of purchased in-process technology related to the acquisition of Automated Healthcare, Inc., and, Health Care Information Technology segment charges of $81.5 million related to the acquisition of CyCare Systems, Inc., Management Software, Inc., and GMIS Inc. and the merger of Access Health, Inc. and Informed Access Systems Inc., 1.3% of revenues in the aggregate, $156.9 million after-tax. (8) Includes Health Care Information Technology segment charges of $116.4 million for asset write-offs, $19.0 million for acquisition-related severance and $4.6 million in product related write-offs, 1.0% of revenues in the aggregate, $84.2 million after-tax. (9) Includes $107.3 million of Health Care Supply Management segment charges for restructuring, asset impairments and other operating items and $13.7 million of Health Care Information Technology segment charges for acquisition-related activities and severance costs, 1.0% of revenues, in the aggregate, $72.5 million after-tax. (10) In addition to items described in Note 4 above, includes Corporate and other charges of $55.8 million for accounting, legal and other costs incurred in connection with the Company's earlier restatement of prior years' financial results and resulting pending litigation, costs associated with former employees and other acquisition related costs. These items represent 0.2% of revenues in the aggregate, $33.4 million after-tax. (11) In addition to the items described in Note 9 above, includes $74.3 million of Corporate expenses for compensation costs associated with the sale of the Company's pharmaceutical benefit management business ("PCS") to Eli Lilly and Company and charges for restructuring, asset impairment and other operating items representing 0.6% of revenues in the aggregate, $55.8 million after-tax. (12) Includes a $4.6 million favorable tax adjustment. (13) Includes $107.0 million of income tax expense related to the sale of PCS. (14) Includes after-tax income from the Water Products business of $24.4 million, an after-tax charge of $1.2 million for increases in environmental reserves for sites associated with the discontinued chemical operations and a $515.9 million after-tax gain on sale of the Water Products business. (15) Includes gain on sale of Armor All Products Corporation ("Armor All") of $120.2 million after-tax. (16) Includes gain on sale of PCS of $576.7 million after-tax, write-down of the Company's investment in Millbrook Distribution Services, Inc. ("Millbrook") of $72.8 million after-tax, and $1.0 million of income after-tax from a donation of Armor All stock. (17) Based on net income. (18) Dilutive securities are excluded in the computation of diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1995 due to their antidilutive effect. F-3 SIX-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION(1) Years Ended March 31 ----------------------------------------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 1997(2) 1996 1995 --------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- (dollars in millions except per share amounts) Customer receivables.... $ 2,847.4 $2,290.0 $1,774.0 $1,452.6 $ 786.2 $ 861.3 Days of sales(3)....... 27.9 27.5 28.9 25.8 20.9 24.5 Inventories............. 4,149.3 3,522.5 2,603.1 2,271.1 1,327.8 1,088.4 Days of sales(3)....... 43.4 45.9 47.0 44.5 38.6 33.3 Drafts and accounts payable................ 3,883.9 3,549.4 2,186.1 2,102.7 1,391.8 1,405.7 Days of sales(3)....... 40.6 46.3 39.5 41.2 40.5 43.0 Current assets.......... 7,965.5 6,452.8 5,318.1 4,571.7 2,982.0 2,899.5 Current liabilities..... 5,121.8 4,744.8 3,083.8 3,031.9 1,902.0 1,783.4 Working capital......... 2,843.7 1,708.0 2,234.3 1,539.8 1,080.0 1,116.1 Percent of revenues(3)........... 7.7% 5.7% 10.1% 7.6% 8.0% 8.8% Property, plant and equipment-net.......... 555.4 529.6 448.6 372.2 340.8 316.7 Percent of revenues(3)........... 1.5% 1.8% 2.0% 1.8% 2.5% 2.5% Capital expenditures... 145.1 199.2 166.4 91.4 75.7 70.0 Total assets............ 10,372.9 9,020.0 7,291.8 6,413.4 4,314.3 4,106.8 Total debt(4)........... 1,260.0 1,151.2 1,318.4 1,032.0 423.2 442.9 Convertible preferred securities............. 195.8 195.6 195.4 194.8 -- -- Stockholders' equity.... 3,565.8 2,881.8 2,561.7 2,081.8 1,739.6 1,636.7 Capital employed(5)..... 5,021.6 4,228.6 4,075.5 3,308.6 2,162.8 2,079.6 Ratio of net debt to net capital employed(6)........... 14.8% 22.4% 18.8% 16.2% -- -- Common shares outstanding at March 31..................... 283.4 280.6 271.0 259.0 246.1 224.5 Dividends per common share(7)............... 0.24 0.44 0.50 0.50 0.50 0.67 Cash distribution from the sale of PCS per common share(8)........ -- -- -- -- -- 38.00(8) Book value per common share(9)............... 12.58 10.27 9.45 8.04 7.07 7.29 Market price High................... 69 1/4 96 1/4 61 3/4 34 1/8 27 13/16 54 5/8 Low.................... 18 1/4 52 1/4 31 1/2 20 9/16 18 5/8 15 1/16 At year end............ 21 66 57 3/4 32 25 5/8 20 3/16 - -------- (1) All periods have been restated to classify the Water Products business as a discontinued operation. On February 29, 2000, the Company sold its Water Products business to Groupe Danone for approximately $1.1 billion in cash. (2) Includes the results of FoxMeyer from the acquisition date of November 8, 1996 and of MGM from the acquisition date of February 21, 1997. (3) Based on year-end balances and sales or cost of sales assuming major acquisitions occurred at beginning of year. (4) Total debt includes all interest-bearing debt and capitalized lease obligations. (5) Capital employed consists of total debt, convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust and stockholders' equity. (6) Ratio computed as net debt (total debt less cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities) to net capital employed (capital employed less cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities). (7) Dividends per common share amounts do not reflect the effects of poolings of interest transactions. (8) Received by stockholders directly from Eli Lilly and Company in connection with the sale of PCS. (9) Stockholders' equity divided by year-end common shares outstanding. F-4 SIX-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS--SUPPLEMENTAL DATA CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS(1) Years Ended March 31 ------------------------------------------------------ 2000 1999 1998 1997(2) 1996 1995 -------- -------- -------- -------- ------ ------ (dollars in millions except per share amounts) EBIT(3,8)............... $ 420.4 $ 258.6 $ 532.0 $ 170.6 $120.5 $ (3.7) Percent of revenues..... 1.1% 0.9% 2.4% 1.0% 0.9% -- EBIT(3,8) excluding unusual items(4)....... 547.9 654.5 628.1 392.1 260.5 191.6 Percent of revenues..... 1.5% 2.2% 2.8% 2.4% 1.9% 1.5% Amortization of intangibles............ 55.5 41.0 34.7 24.1 19.9 11.9 EBITA(5,8).............. 475.9 299.6 566.7 194.7 140.4 8.2 Percent of revenues..... 1.3% 1.0% 2.6% 1.2% 1.0% 0.1% EBITA(5,8) excluding unusual items(4)....... 603.4 695.5 662.8 416.2 280.4 203.5 Percent of revenues..... 1.6% 2.3% 3.0% 2.5% 2.1% 1.6% Average committed capital(6)............. 3,420.2 3,026.8 2,230.7 1,520.3 831.3 882.8 Return on committed capital(7)............. 15.4% 11.5% 27.8% 16.8% 26.6% 6.1% Return on committed capital(7) excluding unusual items(4)............... 19.1% 24.9% 32.1% 31.8% 43.4% 39.8% - -------- (1) All periods have been restated to classify the Water Products business as a discontinued operation. On February 29, 2000, the Company sold its Water Products business to Groupe Danone for approximately $1.1 billion in cash. (2) Includes the results of FoxMeyer from the acquisition date of November 8, 1996 and of MGM from the acquisition date of February 21, 1997. (3) Income (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense-net of corporate interest income, taxes and dividends on preferred securities of subsidiary trust. (4) Unusual items include those which management believes are either one-time occurrences and/or events which are not related to normal, on-going operations or represent charges that are in excess of normal/historical amounts. See Notes 3 to 11 on pages F-2 and F-3. (5) Income (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense-net of corporate interest income, income taxes and amortization of intangibles. (6) Capital employed less cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and intangibles (including accounts associated with discontinued operations). (7) Earnings (including income from discontinued operations) before interest expense-net of corporate interest income, income taxes and amortization of intangibles divided by average committed capital (capital employed less cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and intangibles). (8) EBITA and EBIT are not intended to represent cash flow from operations, or alternatives to net income, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the measures of EBITA and EBIT presented herein may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. The Company believes that EBITA and EBIT are standard measures commonly reported and widely used by analysts, investors and other interested parties operating in the Company's industries. Accordingly, this information has been disclosed herein to permit a more complete comparative analysis of the Company's operating performance relative to other companies in similar industries. F-5 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW GENERAL Management's discussion and analysis, referred to as the Financial Review, is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial condition of McKesson HBOC, Inc. ("McKesson HBOC" or the "Company"), together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements and accompanying Financial Notes. FACTORS AFFECTING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS In addition to historical information, management's discussion and analysis includes certain forward--looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward- looking words such as "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "may", "will", "should", "seeks", "approximately", "intends", "plans", "estimates", or "anticipates", or the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. The discussion of financial trends, strategy, plans or intentions may also include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These include, but are not limited to the factors discussed under "Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results" of this "Financial Review." These and other risks and uncertainties are described herein or in the Company's other public documents. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. BUSINESS SEGMENTS The Company conducts its operations through three operating business segments: Health Care Supply Management, Health Care Information Technology and e-Health. The Health Care Supply Management segment includes the Company's U.S. pharmaceutical, health care products and medical-surgical supplies distribution businesses. U.S. Health Care Supply Management operations also include marketing and other support services to pharmaceutical manufacturers, the manufacture and sale of automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacists, consulting and outsourcing services to pharmacies, and distribution of first-aid products to industrial and commercial customers. In addition, Health Care Supply Management includes the Company's international distribution operations (including operations in Canada and an equity interest in a Mexican distribution business). The Health Care Information Technology segment delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, outsourcing and other services to health care organizations throughout the U.S. and certain foreign countries. The e-Health segment includes the Abaton.com business which was acquired in fiscal 2000 (see Acquisitions). This business is engaged in providing internet-based clinical applications for physician office environments. Acquisitions Fiscal Year 2000 Acquisitions In November 1999, the Company acquired Abaton.com, a provider of internet- based clinical applications for use by physician practices, pharmacy benefit managers, benefit payors, laboratories and pharmacies, for approximately $95 million in cash and the assumption of approximately $8 million of employee stock incentives. F-6 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Goodwill and other intangibles related to the acquisition of $101 million are being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from three to seven years. A charge of $1.5 million was recorded to write off the portion of the purchase price of Abaton.com allocated to in-process technology for which technological feasibility had not been established as of the acquisition date and for which there were no alternative uses. The Company received an independent valuation which utilized a discounted cash flow methodology by product line to assist in valuing in-process and existing technologies as of the acquisition date. In fiscal 2000, the Company also made several smaller acquisitions and investments in the Health Care Supply Management and Health Care Information Technology segments. Fiscal Year 1999 Acquisitions On January 12, 1999, McKesson Corporation ("McKesson"), completed the acquisition of HBO & Company ("HBOC"), a leading health care information technology company, by exchanging 177 million shares of McKesson common stock for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of HBOC (the "HBOC Transaction"). Each share of HBOC common stock was exchanged for 0.37 of a share of McKesson common stock (the "Exchange Ratio"). McKesson was renamed McKesson HBOC, Inc. The transaction was structured as a tax-free reorganization and was accounted for as a pooling of interests. In addition to the HBOC Transaction, the Company completed several acquisitions in fiscal 1999 in the Health Care Supply Management and Health Care Information Technology segments that were accounted for under the pooling of interests method as follows: In August 1998, the Company acquired Hawk Medical Supply, Inc., a distributor of medical-surgical supplies, for approximately 2 million shares of Company common stock. Also, in August 1998, the Company acquired J. Knipper and Company, a provider of direct mail, fulfillment and sales support services, including sample distribution to physician and pharmaceutical company sales representatives, for approximately 300,000 shares of Company common stock. In September 1998, the Company acquired Automated Prescription Systems, Inc., a manufacturer of automated prescription filling and dispensing systems, for approximately 1.4 million shares of Company common stock. In October 1998, the Company acquired US Servis, Inc., a professional management company that provides outsourcing services for physician delivery systems and hospital business offices, for the equivalent, after application of the Exchange Ratio, of approximately 700,000 shares of Company common stock. Also in October 1998, the Company completed the acquisition of IMNET Systems, Inc., a provider of electronic information and document management solutions for the health care industry, for the equivalent of approximately 3.6 million shares of Company common stock and 0.6 million Company stock options. In December 1998, the Company acquired Access Health, Inc., a provider of clinically based care management programs and health care information services, for the equivalent of approximately 12.7 million shares of Company common stock In fiscal 1999, the Company completed the acquisitions of the following companies in its Health Care Supply Management segment, each accounted for under the purchase method of accounting: In September 1998, the Company acquired MedManagement LLC ("MedManagement"), a pharmacy management, purchasing, consulting and information services company, for approximately $38 million in cash. F-7 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) The acquisition was funded with short-term borrowings. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of $41 million is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years. In November 1998, the Company acquired RedLine Health Care Corporation ("RedLine") a distributor of medical supplies and services to the extended- care industry, including long-term-care and home-care sites for approximately $233 million in cash. The acquisition was funded with short-term borrowings. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of $149 million is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years. Fiscal Year 1998 Acquisitions In fiscal 1998, the Company's Canadian Health Care Supply Management business, Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc. ("Medis"), announced an agreement with Drug Trading Company, Limited ("Drug Trading") to acquire Drug Trading's retail customers over a transition period. This transition began in August 1997 and was substantially completed by the end of fiscal 1998. The acquisition was funded with proceeds from operations and short-term borrowings. In fiscal 1998, the Company also made several smaller acquisitions in the Health Care Supply Management segment. In October 1997, the Company acquired in its Health Care Information Technology segment AT&T's UK Specialist Health Care Services Division ("ATT- UK"), a provider of software solutions and remote processing services for financial and payroll needs of health care providers in the United Kingdom, for approximately $30 million in cash. The Company allocated $7.7 million of the purchase price to in-process research and development projects as determined by an independent appraisal of the business, which was expensed as of the acquisition date. The Drug Trading and ATT-UK acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. In fiscal 1998, the Company completed the acquisitions of the following companies in its Health Care Information Technology segment, all accounted for as poolings of interests: In June 1997, the Company acquired AMISYS Managed Care Systems, Inc. ("AMISYS"), a provider of managed care information systems for the payor market, for the equivalent of approximately 4.0 million shares of Company common stock. Also in June 1997, the Company completed the acquisition of Enterprise Systems, Inc. ("ESi"), a developer of resource management solutions including materials management, operating room logistics, scheduling and financial management, for the equivalent of approximately 5.6 million shares of Company common stock. In December 1997, the Company completed the acquisition of HPR, Inc. ("HPR"), a provider of clinical information systems for the managed care industry for the equivalent of approximately 6.8 million shares of Company common stock. Also in December 1997, the Company acquired National Health Enhancement Systems, Inc. ("NHES"), a provider of health information technology solutions specializing in demand and disease management products, for the equivalent of approximately 1.3 million shares of Company common stock. Divestiture: In February 2000, the Company sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, McKesson Water Products Company for approximately $1.1 billion and recognized an after- tax gain of $515.9 million. All periods presented have been restated to present the Water Products business as a discontinued operation. F-8 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Financial Results The results of continuing operations include the following: Years Ended March 31 ------------------------------------------------------ 2000 1999 1998 ----------------- ------------------ ----------------- Pre- Pre- tax After tax Pre-tax After-tax tax After-tax ------ --------- ------- --------- ------ --------- (in millions) Income from Continuing Operations Before unusual items and dividends on convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust..... $440.6 $271.2 $ 564.1 $ 352.6 $555.4 $342.1 Dividends on convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust..... -- (6.2) -- (6.2) -- (6.2) ------ ------ ------- ------- ------ ------ Before unusual items.. 440.6 265.0 564.1 346.4 555.4 335.9 Unusual items Health Care Supply Management........... (27.8) (16.6) (180.3) (112.9) (30.6) (25.4) Health Care Information Technology........... (42.4) (28.9) (215.6) (172.9) (65.5) (39.9) e-Health.............. (1.5) (1.5) -- -- -- -- Corporate and other... (55.8) (33.4) -- -- -- -- Favorable tax adjustment........... -- -- -- -- -- 4.6 ------ ------ ------- ------- ------ ------ Income from Continuing Operations............. $313.1 $184.6 $ 168.2 $ 60.6 $459.3 $275.2 ====== ====== ======= ======= ====== ====== Fiscal 2000 Fiscal 2000 after-tax income from continuing operations before unusual items was $265.0 million, a 23% decline from the prior year's income from continuing operations before unusual items of $346.4 million. Fiscal 2000 results reflect revenue and operating profit declines in the Health Care Information Technology segment, modest operating profit growth in the Health Care Supply Management segment, operating losses of the e-Health segment, and higher financing costs to support revenue growth in the Health Care Supply Management segment. Fiscal 1999 Fiscal 1999 after-tax income from continuing operations before unusual items was $346.4 million, a 3% increase over the prior year's income from continuing operations before unusual items of $335.9 million. Fiscal 1999 results reflect revenue and operating margin growth and the positive impact of acquisitions in the Health Care Supply Management segment offset, in part, by a decline in Health Care Information Technology segment operating results. Fiscal 1998 Fiscal 1998 after-tax income from continuing operations before unusual items was $335.9 million, a 54% increase over the prior year's income from continuing operations before unusual items of $217.9 million. Fiscal 1998 results reflect internal growth, operating margin expansion and the full-year effect of acquisitions accounted for as purchases made late in the prior fiscal year. Unusual Items In each of fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Company incurred charges for acquisition-related activities including transaction costs, employee benefit costs, severance, as well as costs for consolidation of facilities and F-9 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) administrative processes and certain operating charges. In addition, in fiscal 2000, the Company incurred costs in connection with the Investigation (as defined below), the restatement of the historical consolidated financial statements related to improper accounting practices at HBOC and the resulting pending litigation. Also in fiscal 2000, the Company recorded gains from the exchange and sale of certain equity investments. In addition, the Company incurred charges for asset impairments, customer reserves and severance primarily associated with product streamlining and reorganization in its Health Care Information Technology segment. For the purposes of discussing the results of operations, the items described above are referred to as "unusual items" in the Financial Review. The results of operations excluding "unusual items" are not intended to represent income from operations, or alternatives to net income, each as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, the charges included as "unusual items" presented herein may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. Management believes, however, that the discussion of the results of operations excluding such unusual items is the most informative representation of recurring, non-transactional operating results. Management believes that these items either represent one-time occurrences and/or events which are not related to normal, ongoing operations or represent charges that are in excess of normal/historical operating amounts. The unusual items in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 are as follows: Years Ended March 31, --------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ------- ------ ----- (in millions) Restatement-related costs incurred...................... $ 18.9 Net gains on the exchange and sale of equity investments............................................ (259.3) Transaction costs....................................... $ 79.6 $16.0 Costs associated with the terminated merger transaction with AmeriSource Health Corporation.................... 5.0 16.7 Costs associated with employee benefits, primarily related to change in control provisions................ 88.7 1.4 Employee severance...................................... 4.2 31.9 17.5 Restructuring and asset impairments..................... 228.5 108.4 36.8 Other merger-related costs.............................. (0.3) 13.8 7.7 Costs associated with former employees.................. 23.8 Acquisition-related integration costs incurred.......... 32.3 Other operating items: Accounts receivable and customer reserves............. 68.5 Contract system costs................................. 31.5 36.2 Other................................................. 11.7 ------- ------ ----- Total pre-tax........................................... $ 127.5 $395.9 $96.1 ======= ====== ===== Total after-tax......................................... $ 80.4 $285.8 $65.3 ======= ====== ===== F-10 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Fiscal 2000 Unusual Items In fiscal 2000, the Company recorded net pre-tax charges for unusual items totaling $127.5 million including $27.8 million in the Health Care Supply Management segment, $42.4 million in the Health Care Information Technology segment, $1.5 million in the e-Health segment and $55.8 million in Corporate and other. Following is a description of these items in fiscal 2000: Restatement-Related Costs Incurred In April 1999, following the January 1999 acquisition of HBOC, the Company discovered improper accounting practices at HBOC. In July 1999, the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors completed an investigation into such matters (the "Investigation"), which resulted in the previously reported restatement of the Company's historical consolidated financial statements related to HBOC (pre-acquisition) in fiscal 1999, 1998 and 1997. In fiscal 2000, the Company incurred costs in connection with the Investigation, the restatement of the historical consolidated financial statements and the resulting pending litigation, and recorded charges of $18.9 million for accounting and legal fees and other costs. Net Gains on the Exchange and Sale of Equity Investments The Company recorded gains on the exchange of the Company's WebMD common shares and warrants for Healtheon/WebMD common shares and warrants that were recognized upon the November 11, 1999 merger of the two companies. Subsequently in fiscal 2000, the Company donated 250,000 Healtheon/WebMD shares to the McKesson HBOC Foundation and sold the remaining Healtheon/WebMD common shares. As a result of these transactions, the Company recognized gains related to the investment in Healtheon/WebMD of $248.8 million of which $155.4 million was realized. The remaining gain of $93.4 million which resulted from the November 11, 1999 exchange of warrants, had not been realized as of March 31, 2000. The estimated fair value of the warrants declined from $93.4 million as of November 11, 1999 to $32.3 million as of March 31, 2000, resulting in an unrealized loss of $61.1 million, which is included in stockholders' equity. As of May 19, 2000, the estimated fair value of the warrants further declined to $14.7 million. In addition, other equity investments were sold during the year at a gain of $20.3 million, and a $9.8 million charge was recorded to reflect the donation of the Healtheon/WebMD shares to the McKesson HBOC Foundation. Severance The Company recorded severance costs totaling $6.2 million in the aggregate related to workforce reductions in the Health Care Information Technology segment associated with product streamlining and reorganization and in the Health Care Supply Management segment associated with distribution facility consolidations. The current year charge was offset, in part, by a $2.0 million reduction in prior year severance reserves. The fiscal 2000 severance charges relate to the termination of approximately 500 employees, primarily in product development and support, administration and distribution center functions. Severance of $6.0 million will be paid in fiscal 2001 and the balance will be paid in fiscal 2002. Restructuring and Asset Impairments In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the Company completed an assessment of the Health Care Information Technology's business and product portfolio. This resulted in the decision to reorganize the business and to discontinue overlapping or nonstrategic product offerings. The Company recorded asset impairments of $232.7 million. These included charges to write off $49.1 million of capitalized product development costs, $39.3 million of purchased software and $50.7 million of goodwill associated with discontinued product lines F-11 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) based upon an analysis of discounted cash flows. In addition, a $74.1 million reserve was recorded for customer settlements (forgiveness of accounts receivable, customer credits and refunds) attributable to the discontinued product lines. The Company also recorded a $9.4 million loss on the disposition of a non-core foreign operation, and a $7.7 million charge for uncollectible unbilled receivables and $2.4 million charge for obsolete equipment associated with the discontinued products. Substantially all of these charges were non-cash asset write-offs except for the customer settlements. In addition, a charge of $0.6 million was recorded for costs to prepare facilities for disposal, lease costs and property taxes required subsequent to termination of operations and other exit-related activities. As a result of the Health Care Information Technology segment's reorganization and product streamlining, sales, development and support activities for certain discontinued products ceased at fiscal year-end and activities associated with the remaining discontinued products will be phased out within twelve months. The Company estimates that future revenues and costs associated with the discontinued products will be reduced or eliminated, but they are not expected to materially impact the Company's financial position, future operating results and liquidity. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the Company reviewed the operations and cost structure of the Health Care Supply Management's medical-surgical business. This resulted in the planned closure of a sales office and a workforce reduction. The Company recorded $0.6 million in charges for exit- related activities. Also in fiscal 2000, the Company reassessed prior years' restructuring plans resulting in the decision to retain one of the six pharmaceutical distribution centers identified for closure in fiscal 1999 and to reduce the number of medical-surgical distribution center closures. In addition, the Company announced and completed the closure of one additional pharmaceutical distribution center in fiscal 2000. The Company recorded income of $6.9 million as a result of reducing prior year reserves for exit-related costs, offset in part, by additional asset impairments of $1.5 million. In fiscal 2000, the Company completed the closures of three pharmaceutical distribution centers, including the additional distribution center mentioned above. In addition, the realignment of the sales organization was completed and certain back office functions were eliminated. This resulted in the termination of approximately 200 employees and the payment of $3.6 million in severance. Also, the Company completed the closures of three medical-surgical distribution centers and paid $1.0 million in severance to approximately 100 employees who were terminated in fiscal 1999 and 2000. The Company plans to continue these closure activities throughout fiscal 2001. Other Merger-Related Items The Company recorded a charge of $1.5 million in the e-Health segment to write off the portion of the purchase price of Abaton.com allocated to purchased in-process technology for which feasibility had not been established as of the acquisition date. In the Health Care Information Technology segment, the Company recorded a $1.3 million charge for the impairment of a note receivable from a former stockholder of an acquired company and $6.8 million in income related to reversals of accruals booked in prior years for estimated merger-related costs. Corporate and other includes a charge of $3.7 million related to additional costs incurred and paid associated with the HBOC Transaction. F-12 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Costs Associated With Former Employees In fiscal 2000, the Company recorded charges of $23.8 million for severance and benefit costs resulting from changes in executive management made in the first quarter. The charges were based on the terms of employment contracts in place with these executives. $2.8 million was paid in fiscal 2000, $2.8 million will be paid in fiscal 2001 and the balance, primarily pension benefits, will be paid in fiscal 2002 and thereafter. Other Operating Items Other operating items include charges in the Health Care Information Technology segment for a $68.5 million change in estimate of requirements for accounts receivable and customer reserves, a $1.1 million non-cash charge for the write-off of internal-use computer software that was abandoned and a $1.2 million charge related to the settlement of a software patent infringement claim that was paid during the year. The Health Care Supply Management segment recorded a charge of $31.5 million for asset impairments and receivable reserves related primarily to a prior year implementation of a contract system. Corporate and other includes non-cash charges of $7.7 million for impairment of notes receivable from former employees and $1.7 million for costs associated with employee-retention following the announcement of the Investigation. Fiscal 1999 Unusual Items In fiscal 1999, the Company recorded pre-tax charges for unusual items of $180.3 million in the Health Care Supply Management segment and $215.6 million in the Health Care Information Technology segment, $395.9 million in the aggregate. Following is a description of these items in fiscal 1999: Transaction Costs Total unusual items include $84.6 million of transaction costs incurred in connection with the acquisitions described above, primarily consisting of professional fees such as investment banking, legal and accounting fees. This amount includes $6.6 million of transaction costs related to terminated transactions of which $5.0 million related to the terminated merger with AmeriSource Health Corporation. Approximately $83.6 million of invoices were paid in fiscal 1999, with a balance of $1.0 million paid in fiscal 2000. Employee Benefits The Company incurred $88.7 million of employee benefit costs related to acquisitions, including $39.0 million for restricted stock and stock appreciation rights subject to change of control provisions, $37.0 million of long-term incentive and phantom stock awards subject to change of control provisions, $8.7 million of signing and retention bonuses, and $4.0 million of retirement and employee benefit plan costs. Of these amounts, $36.3 million were non-cash charges, primarily related to restricted stock, $44.1 million were paid in fiscal 1999, $1.6 million were paid in fiscal 2000 and $6.7 million are estimated to be paid in fiscal 2001. Severance Severance costs totaled $31.9 million (net of a $3.0 million reversal of previously recorded severance obligations which were determined to be in excess), resulting from the consolidation of acquired company operating and corporate functions, the consolidation of existing U.S. Health Care pharmaceutical distribution centers, and other employee terminations. The severance charges relate to the termination of approximately F-13 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) 1,550 employees, primarily in distribution centers, administration and product functions. Severance of $9.1 million was paid in fiscal 1999 and $14.9 million was paid in fiscal 2000. Severance of $5.6 million will be paid in 2001 and the remaining severance will be paid in fiscal 2002. Restructuring and Asset Impairments In fiscal 1999, the Health Care Supply Management segment identified six distribution centers for closure, of which one distribution center was shut down by March 31, 1999. The Company recorded a charge of $25.5 million related to such closures. Of this charge, $21.7 million was required to reduce the carrying value of facility assets to their estimated fair value less disposal costs, and $3.8 million was related to computer hardware and software which will no longer be used at such facilities. Fair value was determined based on sales of similar assets, appraisals, and/or other estimates such as discounting of estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair values; accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from such estimates. Also related to such closures, a charge of $17.2 million was recorded for other exit-related costs. These primarily consist of costs to prepare facilities for disposal, lease costs and property taxes required subsequent to termination of operations, as well as the write- off of costs related to duplicate assets from acquired companies that do not have future use by the Company. Of the above charges, $25.5 million were non- cash asset write-offs. $3.9 million was paid in fiscal 1999, $2.6 million was paid in fiscal 2000, and the remaining amounts will be paid in fiscal 2001. Also, in connection with the previously discussed reassessment of this restructuring plan in fiscal 2000, the Company recorded income of $5.4 million in fiscal 2000 as a result of reducing previously recorded exit-related reserves, offset in part, by additional asset impairments. The Health Care Supply Management segment also wrote off $23.5 million of computer hardware and software which was abandoned as the result of an acquisition during the year. In connection with acquisitions made by the Health Care Information Technology segment and its acquisition by McKesson, duplicate facilities, products and internal systems were identified for elimination, resulting in charges of $22.2 million, relating principally to the write-off of capitalized costs, lease termination costs, and royalty agreements which were terminated at a cost of $12.0 million because products subject to minimum royalty payments to third parties were replaced with acquired products. In addition, following the HBOC Transaction, the Company evaluated the performance of a foreign business and elected to shut down its facility. Charges of $11.6 million were recorded, principally related to the write-down of goodwill to fair value based on estimated discounted cash flows. Revenues and net operating income for this foreign business were not significant in fiscal 1999. Certain investments became impaired during fiscal 1999 and were written down by $4.3 million to their net realizable values based primarily on estimated discounted cash flows, and other reserves of $4.1 million were recorded to cover customer and other claims arising out of the acquisitions. Substantially all of the above charges were non-cash asset write-offs. Other Merger-related Costs The Health Care Information Technology segment incurred costs totaling $13.8 million in fiscal 1999 due to an acquired company which had receivables outstanding from HBOC competitors that became uncollectible and were written off after the HBOC Transaction. Acquisition-related Integration Costs Acquisition-related integration costs of $32.3 million consist of $1.9 million incurred for salaries and benefits of integration and affiliation team members of the Company and $30.4 million of other direct costs associated with the integration and rationalization of recent acquisitions in the Health Care Supply Management and Health Care Information Technology segments. F-14 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Other Operating Items Other operating items of $36.2 million consist of losses resulting from the implementation of a contract administration system and expenses incurred for corrective actions associated with that system. Fiscal 1998 Unusual Items In fiscal 1998, the Company recorded pre-tax charges for unusual items of $30.6 million in the Health Care Supply Management segment and $65.5 million in the Health Care Information Technology segment, $96.1 million in the aggregate. Following is a description of these items in fiscal 1998: Transaction Costs Total unusual items include $32.7 million of transaction costs incurred in connection with the acquisitions described above, primarily consisting of professional fees such as investment banking, legal and accounting fees. This amount includes $16.7 million of transaction costs related to the Company's termination of its proposed merger with AmeriSource Health Corporation. Substantially all related invoices were paid during fiscal 1998. Employee Benefits The Company incurred $1.4 million of employee benefit costs related to change of control provisions associated with the acquisition of NHES. Severance Severance costs totaled $17.5 million resulting from the consolidation of acquired company operating and corporate functions, the consolidation of existing U.S. Health Care pharmaceutical distribution centers, and other employee terminations. The severance charge relates to the termination of approximately 600 employees primarily in distribution center and back office functions in the Health Care Supply Management segment, and operating and corporate personnel in the Health Care Information Technology segment. Severance of $7.4 million was paid during fiscal 1998. The remaining severance was paid in fiscal 1999. Restructuring and Asset Impairments In fiscal 1998, the Health Care Supply Management segment recorded a $3.7 million loss on the sale of an investment, and a charge of $0.7 million associated with the closure of a facility in Canada. In connection with acquisitions made by the Health Care Information Technology segment, duplicate products, facilities and internal systems were identified which resulted in charges of $22.4 million (all non-cash), consisting primarily of capitalized costs and intangible write-offs of $19.3 million related to discontinuance of duplicate product lines. Revenues and net income from the discontinued product lines were replaced by acquired product lines. In addition, a $10.0 million minority investment became impaired and was written off (all non-cash). Other Merger-related Costs In connection with the acquisition of ATT-UK by the Health Care Information Technology segment, a charge of $7.7 million was recorded to write off the portion of the purchase price allocated to purchased in-process technology for which feasibility had not been established as of the acquisition date. F-15 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Results Of Operations The discussion of the financial results that follows focuses on the results of continuing operations excluding unusual items, as management believes such discussion is the most informative representation of recurring, non- transactional related operating results. Health Care Supply Management The following table identifies significant performance indicators of the Health Care Supply Management segment: 2000 1999 1998 ------- ------- ------- (dollars in millions) Revenues Excluding Sales to customers' warehouses Pharmaceutical distribution and services U.S. Health Care........ $21,824 $17,400 $14,418 International........... 2,237 1,953 1,639 ------- ------- ------- Total pharmaceutical.... 24,061 19,353 16,057 Medical-Surgical distribution and services................ 2,706 2,292 1,879 ------- ------- ------- Subtotal................ 26,767 21,645 17,936 Sales to customers' warehouses.............. 8,747 6,813 2,704 ------- ------- ------- Total................... $35,514 $28,458 $20,640 ======= ======= ======= Revenue growth Excluding sales to customers' warehouses Pharmaceutical distribution and services U.S. Health Care........ 25% 21% 32% International........... 15 19 8 Total pharmaceutical.... 24 21 29 Medical-Surgical distribution and services................ 18 22 N.M. Total excluding sales to customers' warehouse.... 24 21 42 Total.................... 25 38 34 Operating profit.......... $ 536.4 $ 521.9 $ 383.4 Percentage change........ 3% 36% 64% Gross profit margin(1).... 6.8 7.4 7.4 Operating expense margin(1)................ 4.8 5.0 5.3 Operating profit as a percent of revenues(1)... 2.0 2.4 2.1 Depreciation.............. $ 63.1 $ 51.8 $ 48.5 Amortization of intangibles.............. 26.8 22.6 17.4 Capital expenditures...... 93.8 97.2 82.1 Capital employed at year- end Committed capital(2) Operating working capital(3).............. $ 3,266 $ 2,176 $ 2,061 Other--net............... 190 71 80 ------- ------- ------- Total................... 3,456 2,247 2,141 Intangibles.............. 982 989 795 ------- ------- ------- Total................... $ 4,438 $ 3,236 $ 2,936 ======= ======= ======= Returns Committed capital(4)..... 19.0% 20.3% 19.8% Total capital employed(5)............. 13.3 14.4 13.4 - -------- (1) Excluding sales to customers' warehouses. (2) Capital employed less cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and goodwill and other intangibles. (3) Receivables and inventories net of related payables. (4) Operating profit before amortization of intangibles divided by average committed capital. (5) Operating profit divided by average capital employed. F-16 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Over the most recent three fiscal years, the Health Care Supply Management business has experienced strong revenue growth from internal growth and acquisitions. Revenue growth in this segment, excluding sales to customers' warehouses, is as follows: 2000 1999 1998 ----- ----- ------ Pharmaceutical Distribution and Services Existing businesses............... 24.0% 20.0% 13.4% Acquisitions...................... 0.3 0.5 15.6 ----- ----- ------ Total............................. 24.3% 20.5% 29.0% ===== ===== ====== Medical-Surgical Supply Distribution and Services Existing businesses............... 6.5% 14.5% Not Acquisitions...................... 11.5 7.5 Meaningful ----- ----- Total............................. 18.0% 22.0% ===== ===== Internal growth in Health Care Supply Management has been driven primarily by increased sales volume to the retail chain and institutional customer segments. Sales to retail customers have benefited from the Company's service offerings and programs that focus on broad product selection, service levels, inventory carrying cost reductions, connectivity and automation technologies. Growth with institutional customers has benefited from the focus on reducing both product cost and internal labor and logistics costs for the customers. Services available include pharmaceutical distribution, medical-surgical supply distribution, pharmaceutical dispensing automation, pharmacy outsourcing and utilization reviews. These retail chain and institutional capabilities have resulted in the implementation of significant long-term contracts with major customers. 2000 1999 1998 ----- ----- ------ Customer Mix--Pharmaceutical Distribution and Services Revenues Indepependents.................... 25.5% 28.7% 34.9% Retail Chains..................... 42.4 38.5 32.3 Institutions...................... 32.1% 32.8% 32.8% ----- ----- ------ 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% ===== ===== ====== Sales to customers' warehouses are large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing drugstore chains whereby the Company acts as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products directly from the manufacturer to the customers' warehouses. The growth in sales to customers' warehouses in fiscal 1999 and 2000 was primarily the result of two significant contracts with retail chains which also provided new direct store sales growth. The operating profit margin declined in fiscal 2000, due to a decline in the gross profit margin reflecting the competitive environment, a shift in the mix of pharmaceutical distribution revenues to a higher proportion of chain business and somewhat lower procurement profits as a percentage of revenues in the current year. Procurement profits benefited in the prior year from price increases on inventory builds associated with new customer agreements. The decline in the gross profit margin was offset, in part, by a lower operating expense ratio reflecting continuing productivity improvements. The improvement in the operating expense ratio was achieved despite higher expenses for receivable and transaction processing related charges. Operating margins expanded in fiscal 1999 and 1998 due to a change in business mix to higher margin businesses resulting from acquisitions in pharmaceutical services for manufacturers, retail and institutional automation and medical- F-17 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) surgical supply distribution. In addition, expanded profitability from product procurement, warehouse automation and efficiency improvements, and fixed cost leverage from volume growth contributed to the margin expansion. The Health Care Supply Management segment uses the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method of accounting for the majority of its inventories which results in cost of sales that more closely reflect replacement cost than other accounting methods, thereby mitigating the effects of inflation and deflation on operating profit. The practice in the Health Care Supply Management distribution businesses is to pass published price changes from suppliers on to customers. Manufacturers generally provide the Company with price protection, which prevents inventory losses. Price declines on many generic pharmaceutical products in this segment in each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 have moderated the effects of inflation in other product categories, which resulted in minimal overall price changes in those fiscal years. Fiscal 2000 and 1999 capital expenditures include higher levels associated with new systems and facility consolidations in the medical-surgical business and growth in the automation and services businesses. Fiscal 1998 capital expenditures reflect expansion of certain facilities in conjunction with the integration and rationalization of the Drug Trading business and U.S. pharmaceutical and medical-surgical businesses acquired in late fiscal 1997. The Health Care Supply Management segment requires a substantial investment in operating working capital (customer receivables and inventories net of related trade payables). Average capital employed increased in fiscal 2000 and 1999, reflecting the MedManagement and RedLine acquisitions, capital spending and increased working capital to support the 24% and 19% growth from existing businesses. Operating working capital is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity, new customer build-up requirements and the desired level of investment inventory. Operating working capital was significantly higher at March 31, 2000 compared to 1999. The working capital increase primarily reflects increases in receivables and net financial inventories (inventories net of accounts and drafts payable) resulting from sales growth, the absence of accounts receivable sales at March 31, 2000 compared to $400.0 million of sales at March 31, 1999 (pursuant to a committed revolving receivables sales facility, see "Capitalization" below) and the timing of vendor payments. At March 31, 1999, vendor payables were unusually high relative to inventory both as a result of purchases made late in the fiscal year and the timing of vendor payments. As a result, average operating working capital levels in fiscal 2000 were significantly higher than the March 31, 1999 balance. At March 31, 1998, vendor payables were relatively low due to a lower level of purchase activity at year end and revised payment terms with certain vendors in the medical- surgical distribution and services business. F-18 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Health Care Information Technology Significant performance indicators of the Health Care Information Technology segment are as follows: 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (dollars in millions) Revenues Software............................................. $ 209 $ 345 $ 406 Services............................................. 905 984 809 ------ ------ ------ Subtotal............................................ 1,114 1,329 1,215 Hardware............................................. 93 209 214 ------ ------ ------ Total revenues...................................... 1,207 1,538 1,429 ====== ====== ====== Revenue Growth Software............................................. (39)% (15)% 27% Services............................................. (8) 22 25 Subtotal............................................ (16) 9 26 Hardware............................................. (55) (2) 32 Total............................................... (22) 8 27 Operating profit...................................... $127.6 $184.0 $292.5 Percent change....................................... (31)% (37)% 44% Gross profit margin................................... 42.9 50.5 55.5 Operating expense margin.............................. 32.3 38.5 35.0 Operating profit as a percent of revenues............. 10.6 12.0 20.5 Depreciation.......................................... $ 49.8 $ 46.4 $ 35.9 Amortization of intangibles........................... 22.3 18.4 17.4 Amortization of capitalized software.................. 29.5 25.9 21.3 Capital expenditures.................................. 48.0 79.2 76.9 Capital employed Committed capital(1)................................. $ 159 $ 382 $ 383 Intangibles.......................................... 123 226 188 ------ ------ ------ Total............................................... $ 282 $ 608 $ 571 ====== ====== ====== Returns Committed capital(2)................................. 42.5% 65.1% 126.8% Total capital employed(3)............................ 20.0 38.0 68.2 - -------- (1) Capital employed less cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and goodwill and other intangibles. (2) Operating profit before amortization of intangibles divided by average committed capital. (3) Operating profit divided by average capital employed. Health Care Information Technology revenues declined 22% to $1.2 billion in fiscal 2000. Revenues increased 8% to $1.5 billion in fiscal 1999. Management believes the decline in fiscal 2000 revenues reflects the overall industry- wide slowdown in sales of health care information technology software and hardware products resulting from delays in purchasing decisions that are attributed both to Year 2000 issues and a general weakness in demand for healthcare software. Services revenues associated with software implementation also declined for the same reasons. Also contributing to the decline was the impact to the business caused by the results of the Investigation and Health Care Information Technology senior management changes made early in the year. In addition, the terms of certain contracts for software and implementation services executed late in the fiscal year F-19 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) resulted in such contracts being accounted for under the contract method, which had the impact of dampening software revenues as the related contract revenue will be recognized over the respective contract term as services are provided. The fiscal 1999 decline in software revenues of 15% reflects a general industry-wide slowdown in sales of health care information technology products and changes in accounting due to the adoption of Statement of Position 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition", effective April 1, 1998. In addition, during fiscal 1999, the Health Care Information Technology segment experienced delays in current and potential customers' purchasing decisions with respect to its enterprise solutions. Management believes such delays were due to Year 2000 issues, technological innovations, increased competition, greater requirement for integration of products and general market conditions in the computer software industry. Services revenues increased in fiscal 1999, in part, as implementation activity increased for enterprise solutions and materials management products as a result of increased sales in fiscal 1998. Outsourcing growth was strong as a significant number of new outsourcing customers were added in fiscal 1999. In addition to general growth in services as a result of a growing business, services revenues increased due to the full year impact of the purchase of ATT-UK. Hardware is sold as an accommodation to customers and at a significantly lower operating margin than software and services. Fiscal 2000 and 1999 revenues from the sale of hardware reflect the lower level of software sales, general price declines for hardware and a shift to less costly Microsoft Windows NT(TM) platforms. Management anticipates a shift in revenue mix away from one-time software and hardware arrangements to arrangements that will require revenue to be recognized over the term of the related contract as its strategy of providing total information solutions to its customer base is pursued. Revenues will include outsourcing and Application Service Providers (ASP) arrangements, and contracts that will be accounted for under the contract method. These agreements are expected to have the effect of dampening revenue in the near term and could result in year-to-year declines in operating profit, but should result in more predictable revenue streams and operating profits over future periods. Health Care Information Technology segment operating profit before unusual items declined 30.7% to $127.6 million in fiscal 2000 and 37% to $184.0 million in fiscal 1999. The declines in both years reflect the previously discussed decline in overall sales and a lower mix of higher-margin software sales in both fiscal 2000 and 1999 compared to 1998 (17% and 22% in fiscal 2000 and 1999, respectively, as compared to 28% in fiscal 1998, as a percentage of total Health Care Information Technology revenues). In addition, the fiscal 2000 operating profit includes an increased level of expenses to enhance customer support and future product introductions. Fiscal 1999 results also included a bad debt provision of $70 million and a termination fee associated with a telecommunications contract. The bad debt provision reflects, in part, inadequate staffing of and focus on receivables collections during a portion of fiscal 1999, implementation issues associated with certain products and contingencies associated with litigation. The fiscal 1999 and 1998 capital expenditures reflect the acquisition and construction of the segment's new corporate office building in Georgia and the purchase of an aircraft in 1998. The return on committed capital and total capital employed in fiscal 2000 and 1999 reflect the previously discussed decline in operating profit. e-Health The e-Health segment was added in fiscal 2000 following the Company's acquisition of Abaton.com (see Fiscal Year 2000 Acquisitions) which reported revenue of $400,000 and an operating loss before special items of $12.2 million. The operating loss reflects the Company's continued investment in the development of internet-based solutions for physicians, and includes goodwill amortization expense of $6.3 million resulting from the acquisition. F-20 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) In seeking to bring new physician and medical management solutions to market quickly, the Company formed a new business unit, iMcKesson, in May 2000. The goal of iMcKesson is to use the power of the Internet and other innovative, emerging technologies to share information real-time to drive improved clinical outcomes, cost efficiencies and increased satisfaction for all healthcare participants. This unit will include the current assets of e-Health together with selected assets from the Health Care Information Technology and Health Care Supply Management segments. iMcKesson's strategy is to combine existing teams, products and services and to provide a more focused approach to the development of a series of unique solutions for physician practices, medical management and health care connectivity. International Operations International operations accounted for 6.4%, 6.9%, 7.7% and 8.7%, 6.6%, 6.1% of fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 consolidated revenues and operating profits before unusual items, respectively, and 5.8%, 5.5% and 5.9% of consolidated assets at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. International operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations. The Company monitors its operations and adopts strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which it operates. Consolidated Working Capital Operating working capital (receivables and inventories net of related payables) as a percent of revenues was 9.0%, 8.4% and 10.6% at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Excluding the impact of receivable sales, operating working capital as a percent of revenues was 9.0%, 9.7% and 12.0% at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The calculation is based on year- end balances and assumes major purchase acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the year. The improvement in the operating working capital ratio in fiscal 2000 (excluding the impact of receivable sales) is due to a reduction in year-end days sales outstanding in both customer receivables and inventory, reflecting working capital initiatives. This improvement was offset, in part, by lower days sales outstanding in payables at March 31, 2000 compared to March 31, 1999. The decline in the operating working capital ratio in fiscal 1999 is primarily due to the timing of vendor payments in the U.S. pharmaceutical and medical-surgical distribution businesses which offset the effect of operating working capital growth in the Health Care Information Technology segment. CASH FLOW AND LIQUIDITY Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities (primarily U.S. Treasury securities with maturities of one year or less) were $606 million, $262 million, and $682 million at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The increase in fiscal 2000 reflects proceeds from the February 2000 sale of the Water Products business and a private placement of term debt (see "Other Financing Activities" below). The decline in fiscal 1999 reflects the use of HBOC cash balances following the HBOC Transaction to pay down short-term borrowings. Marketable securities balances include $17 million, $23 million and $77 million at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, from the fiscal 1997 sale of Armor All, which is restricted and held in trust as exchange property in connection with the Company's exchangeable debentures. F-21 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Cash Flows from Operations Available for Capital Expenditures The following table summarizes the excess (deficit) of cash flow from operations over capital expenditures: Years Ended March 31, ------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ----- ----- ----- (in millions) Net cash provided (used) by continuing operations before receivable sales and capital expenditures: Income from continuing operations(1)................... $ 185 $ 61 $ 275 Depreciation........................................... 116 104 90 Amortization of intangibles............................ 55 41 35 Amortization of capitalized software................... 30 26 21 Other non-cash charges(1).............................. 246 361 191 Working capital changes................................ (635) (437) (542) ----- ----- ----- Total before receivable sales and capital expenditures........................................ (3) 156 70 Receivable sales......................................... (400) 100 153 Capital expenditures..................................... (145) (199) (166) ----- ----- ----- Excess (Deficit)..................................... $(548) $ 57 $ 57 ===== ===== ===== - -------- (1) Includes previously discussed "Unusual Items". Cash flows from continuing operations reflect the cash earnings of the Company's continuing businesses and the effects of the changes in working capital. The working capital increase in fiscal 2000 primarily reflects the timing of vendor payments in the prior year and increases in receivables and inventories associated with sales growth in the Health Care Supply Management segment that were offset, in part, by improvements in days sales outstanding in both customer receivables and inventories resulting from working capital initiatives. The March 31, 1999 payables balance was approximately $400 million higher than expected based on the historical relationship of payables to sales. The increase in working capital requirements in fiscal 2000 reflects the restoration of payables in the current year to a more normalized level. Adjusting for the impact of the payables fluctuation, net cash provided (used) by continuing operations before receivable sales and capital expenditures would have been approximately $397 million and $(244) million in fiscal 2000 and 1999, respectively. The working capital increase in fiscal 1999 primarily reflects increases in receivables and inventories resulting from sales growth in all operating segments offset, in part, by the higher payables balance due to the timing of vendor payments in the Health Care Supply Management segment. Other Financing Activities In February 2000, the Company completed the sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary McKesson Water Products Company to Groupe Danone for $1.1 billion in cash, which enabled the Company to reduce short-term borrowings and add to its cash and marketable securities. Also in February 2000, the Company completed a private placement of $335 million in term debt, the proceeds of which were used to retire term debt maturing in March 2000 and for other general corporate purposes. $100 million of the debt matures on February 28, 2005, $20 million matures on February 28, 2007 and $215 million is due on February 28, 2010. In May 1998, the Company's Employee Stock Ownership Plan purchased approximately 1.3 million shares of newly issued Company common stock from the Company at a market value of $78.125 per share. In February 1998, the Company issued fixed-rate-unsubordinated debt totaling $300 million to finance internal growth. On March 1, 2005, $150 million of the debt matures, and the remaining $150 million is due on March 1, 2008. F-22 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) In October 1997, a subsidiary of the Company issued $125 million of fixed- rate debt, which matures on November 1, 2002. Proceeds were used to pay down short-term borrowings of the Company's Canadian subsidiary, Medis. Credit Resources The Company currently has $1.275 billion of available credit under committed revolving credit lines: a $400 million five-year facility expiring in fiscal 2004 and an $875 million facility expiring on October 20, 2000. These revolving credit facilities are primarily intended to support commercial paper borrowings. The Company also has available a committed revolving receivables sale facility aggregating $850 million. At March 31, 2000, the Company had no commercial paper or revolving credit borrowings outstanding and its committed receivables sale facility was fully available. The Company's senior debt credit ratings from S&P, Duff & Phelps, and Moody's are currently BBB, BBB+ and Baa2, and its commercial paper ratings are currently A-2, D-2, and P-2, respectively. The Company's ratings are on negative credit outlook. Management believes that the Company has adequate access to credit sources to meet its funding requirements. Funds necessary for future debt maturities and other cash requirements of the Company are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flow from operations, existing credit sources or other capital market transactions. Market Risk The Company's major risk exposure is changing interest rates, primarily in the United States. The Company manages interest rates through the use of a combination of fixed and floating rate debt. Interest rate swaps may be used to adjust interest rate exposures when appropriate, based upon market conditions. These contracts are entered into with major financial institutions thereby minimizing the risk of credit loss. If interest rates on existing variable-rate debt were to change 50 basis points, the Company believes that its results from operations and cash flows would not be materially affected. The Company conducts business in Canada, Mexico and the United Kingdom, and is subject to foreign currency exchange risk on cash flows related to sales, expenses, financing and investment transactions. If exchange rates on such currencies were to fluctuate 10%, the Company believes that its results from operations and cash flows would not be materially affected. Aggregate foreign exchange translation gains and losses included in net income, comprehensive income and in equity are discussed in Financial Note 1 on pages F-37 to F-39 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. F-23 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Capitalization The Company's capitalization was as follows: March 31 ---------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (in millions) Short-term borrowings.................................. $ -- $ 17 $ 94 Term debt.............................................. 1,232 1,097 1,111 Exchangeable debt...................................... 28 37 113 ------ ------ ------ Total debt........................................... 1,260 1,151 1,318 Convertible preferred securities of subsidiary trust... 196 196 195 Stockholders' equity................................... 3,566 2,882 2,562 ------ ------ ------ Total capitalization................................. $5,022 $4,229 $4,075 ====== ====== ====== Debt-to-capital ratio at March 31...................... 25.1% 27.2% 32.3% Net debt-to-capital ratio at March 31(1)............... 14.8% 22.4% 18.8% Average interest rates during year..................... Total debt........................................... 6.4% 6.3% 6.5% Short-term borrowings................................ 5.6 5.6 5.6 Other debt........................................... 6.9 6.7 7.0 - -------- (1) Ratio computed as net debt (total debt less cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities) to net capital employed (capital employed less cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities). The decline in the net debt-to-capital ratio at March 31, 2000 primarily reflects the February 2000 proceeds from the sale of the Water Products business. The increase in the net debt-to-capital ratio at March 31, 1999 primarily reflects the increase in net debt to fund internal growth and acquisitions. The Company has an $850 million committed receivable sales facility which was fully available at March 31, 2000. The Company's receivable sales program in March 1999 and 1998, provided for the sale by the Company of $400.0 million and $299.9 million, respectively, of undivided interests in the Company's trade accounts receivable. The program qualifies for sale treatment under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities". The sales were recorded at the estimated fair values of the receivables sold, reflecting discounts for the time value of money based on U.S. commercial paper rates and estimated loss provisions. Average diluted shares were 289.6 million in fiscal 2000, 289.8 million in fiscal 1999 and 282.1 million in fiscal 1998. Common stock outstanding increased to 283.4 million at March 31, 2000 from 280.6 million at March 31, 1999 and 271.0 million at March 31, 1998, due primarily to the issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans. Environmental Matters The Company's continuing operations do not require ongoing material expenditures to comply with federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. However, in connection with the disposition of its chemical operations in fiscal 1987, the Company retained responsibility for certain environmental obligations. In addition, the Company is a party to a number of proceedings brought under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (commonly known as "Superfund"), and other federal and state environmental statutes primarily involving sites associated with the operation of the Company's former chemical distribution F-24 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) businesses. In fiscal 2000, a $2.0 million increase to the reserves for these environmental matters was recorded within discontinued operations. There were no adjustments made to the reserves in fiscal 1999 and 1998. Management does not believe that changes in the remediation cost estimates in future periods, or the ultimate resolution of the Company's environmental matters, will have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. See Financial Note 18, "Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities" on pages, F-65 to F-70 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Income Taxes The tax rate on income from continuing operations (excluding unusual items) was 38.5% in fiscal 2000, 37.5% in fiscal 1999 and 38.4% in fiscal 1998. The increase in the effective rate from fiscal 1999 to 2000 primarily reflects the impact of non-deductible goodwill amortization associated with purchase acquisitions made late in fiscal 1999 and in fiscal 2000. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Financial Note 1 "Significant Accounting Policies" on pages F-37 to F-39 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. ADDITIONAL FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS The following additional factors may affect the Company's future results: Adverse judgments regarding the restatement of the Company's historical financial statements may cause it to incur material losses. Subsequent to the Company's April 28, 1999 restatement of financial results announcement, and as of June 1, 2000, 79 lawsuits have been filed in various state and federal courts against the Company, certain current or former officers or directors of the Company and other defendants (see Financial Note 18, "Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities" on pages F-65 to F-70 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) In addition, the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California and the San Francisco District Office of the SEC have also commenced investigations in connection with the matters relating to the restatement of previously reported amounts. The Company does not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amount of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company which could cause it to incur material losses. The restatement of the Company's earnings may negatively impact the management of the Company's business. The effect of the pending litigation and government investigations relating to the previously announced financial restatement could present challenges in attracting and retaining quality employees and managers. Such difficulties could impair the Company's ability to manage the Company's business. F-25 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) Changes in the United States healthcare environment could have a material negative impact on the Company's revenues. The Company's products and services are intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry has changed significantly in an effort to reduce costs. These changes include increased use of managed care, cuts in Medicare, consolidation of pharmaceutical and medical-surgical supply distributors, and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. The Company expects the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. Some of these changes, such as a reduction in governmental support of healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation or regulations governing the privacy of patient information, or the delivery of pricing of pharmaceuticals and healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare industry participants to greatly reduce the amount of the Company's products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for the Company's products and services. Changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce the Company's income. Due to the diverse range of health care supply management and health care information technology products and services the Company offers, such changes may adversely impact the Company while not affecting some of the Company's competitors that offer a more narrow range of products and services. Substantial defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases of the Company's products by some large customers could have a significant negative impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. The Company's recent strategy has been to build relationships with large customers that are achieving rapid growth. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000, sales to the Company's ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of the Company's total revenues. Sales to the Company's largest customer, Rite Aid Corporation, represented approximately 15% of the Company's fiscal 2000 revenues. A significant portion of the Company's increase in sales has been to a limited number of these large customers. Consequently, the Company's sales and credit concentration have significantly increased. Accordingly, any defaults in payment or a material reduction in purchases of the Company's products by these large customers could have a significant negative impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. The ability of the Health Care Information Technology business to attract and retain customers due to challenges in integrating software products and technological advances may significantly reduce the Company's revenues. The Company's Health Care Information Technology business delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, outsourcing and other services to health care organizations throughout the United States and certain foreign countries. Challenges in integrating software products used by the Health Care Information Technology business with those of its customers could impair the Company's ability to attract and retain customers and may reduce its revenues or increase its expenses. Future advances in the health care information systems industry could lead to new technologies, products or services that are competitive with the products and services offered by the Health Care Information Technology business. Such technological advances could also lower the cost of such products and services or otherwise result in competitive pricing pressure. The success of the Health Care Information Technology business will depend, in part, on its ability to be responsive to technological developments and challenges, including pricing pressures and changing business models. In addition, to remain competitive in the evolving health care information systems marketplace, the Health Care Information Technology business must develop new products on a timely basis. The failure to develop competitive products and to introduce new products on a timely basis could curtail the F-26 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Continued) ability of the Health Care Information Technology business to attract and retain customers and thereby significantly reduce the Company's net income. Proprietary technology protections may not be adequate and proprietary rights may infringe on rights of third parties. The Company relies on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect its proprietary rights in its products. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate or that the Company's competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to the Company's technology. Although the Company believes that its products and other proprietary rights do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, from time to time third parties have asserted infringement claims against the Company and there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against the Company in the future. Additionally, the Company may find it necessary to initiate litigation to protect the Company's trade secrets, to enforce its patent, copyright and trademark rights, and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. These types of litigation can be costly and time consuming. These litigation expenses or any damage payments resulting from adverse determinations of third party claims could be significant and could result in material losses to the Company. Potential product liability claims arising from Health Care Information Technology business products could result in material losses to the Company. Some products of the Health Care Information Technology business provide information for use by health care providers in providing health care to patients. Although the Company has not experienced any material claims to date, any failure of the Company's Health Care Information Technology business products to provide accurate and timely information could result in claims against it. The Company maintains insurance to protect against claims associated with the use of such products, but there can be no assurance that the Company's insurance coverage would adequately cover any claims asserted against it. If its insurance coverage is not adequate, the Company may be required to pay the damages which could result in material losses to it. System errors and warranties in Health Care Information Technology business products could cause unforeseen liabilities. The Company's Health Care Information Technology business' systems are very complex. As with complex systems offered by others, the Company's systems may contain errors, especially when first introduced. The Health Care Information Technology business' systems are intended to provide information for health care providers in providing health care to patients. Therefore, users of its products have a greater sensitivity to system errors than the market for software products generally. Failure of a client's system to perform in accordance with its documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require the Company to incur additional expense in order to make the system comply with the documentation. If such failure is not timely remedied, it could constitute a material breach under a contract allowing the client to cancel the contract. F-27 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL REVIEW--(Concluded) The Company's business could be hindered if it is unable to complete and integrate acquisitions successfully. An element of the Company's business is to pursue strategic acquisitions that either expand or complement its business. The Company routinely reviews such potential acquisition opportunities and has historically engaged in numerous acquisitions. Integration of acquisitions, including the HBOC Transaction, involves a number of special risks. Such risks include: . the diversion of management's attention to the assimilation of the operations of businesses the Company has acquired; . difficulties in the integration of operations and systems and the realization of potential operating synergies; . difficulties in the integration of any acquired companies operating in a different sector of the health care industry; . delays or difficulties in opening and operating larger distribution centers in a larger and more complex distribution network; . the assimilation and retention of the personnel of the acquired companies; . challenges in retaining the customers of the combined businesses; and . potential adverse effects on operating results. If the Company is unable to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions in a timely manner, its business and the Company's growth strategies could be negatively affected. The Company's issuance of equity to finance acquisitions could have a potential dilutive effect on its stock. The Company anticipates that it will finance acquisitions, at least partly by incurring debt or by the issuance of additional securities. The use of equity financing, rather than debt, for acquisitions would dilute the ownership of the Company's then current stockholders. F-28 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] F-29 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT The Stockholders and Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of McKessonHBOC, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, and the related statements of consolidated income, consolidated stockholders' equity and consolidated cash flows for the years then ended. Our audits also included the supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule listed in Item 14(a). These consolidated financial statements and supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audits. The consolidated financial statements and supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule give retroactive effect to the acquisition by McKesson Corporation and subsidiaries of HBO & Company and subsidiaries ("HBOC") on January 12, 1999, which has been accounted for as a pooling of interests as described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. We did not audit the consolidated financial statements or supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule of HBOC as of and for the year ended March 31, 1998 which consolidated financial statements reflected total assets of $1,698.9 million as of March 31, 1998, revenues of $1,429.2 million, and net income of $151.1 million for the year ended March 31, 1998. Those consolidated financial statements and supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule were audited by other auditors whose report (which expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph related to certain shareholder litigation) has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for HBOC as of and for the year ended March 31, 1998, is based solely on the report of such other auditors. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the report of other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of other auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at March 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, based on our audits and the report of other auditors, such supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. As discussed in Financial Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is involved in certain shareholder litigation related to HBOC. Deloitte & Touche LLP San Francisco, California May 19, 2000 F-30 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS To McKesson HBOC, Inc.: We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of HBO & COMPANY (a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of McKesson HBOC, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARIES as of March 31, 1998 and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows (not presented herein) for the year then ended. These financial statements and the schedule referred to below are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of HBO & Company and subsidiaries as of March 31, 1998 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole. The supplemental schedule, valuation and qualifying accounts (not presented herein), is presented to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and is not part of the basic financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly states in all material respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole. As discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, McKesson HBOC, Inc. is involved in certain shareholder litigation related to the Company. Arthur Andersen LLP Atlanta, Georgia July 12, 1999 F-31 McKESSON HBOC, INC. STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME Years Ended March 31 ------------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 --------- --------- --------- (in millions except per share amounts) Revenues (Note 1)............................ $36,734.2 $30,028.7 $22,105.7 --------- --------- --------- Costs and Expenses (Note 4) Cost of sales.............................. 34,411.8 27,629.5 19,947.1 Selling.................................... 356.7 444.9 413.1 Distribution............................... 465.5 503.9 378.6 Research & development..................... 112.6 114.7 112.5 Administrative............................. 1,229.4 1,049.5 691.9 Interest................................... 114.2 118.0 103.2 --------- --------- --------- Total.................................... 36,690.2 29,860.5 21,646.4 --------- --------- --------- Gain on equity investments (Note 3).......... 269.1 -- -- --------- --------- --------- Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes and Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust.............. 313.1 168.2 459.3 Income taxes (Note 15)....................... 122.3 101.4 177.9 --------- --------- --------- Income from Continuing Operations Before Dividends on Preferred Securities of Subsidiary Trust............................ 190.8 66.8 281.4 Dividends on preferred securities of subsidiary trust, net of tax benefit of $4.0, $4.1 and $4.4 (Note 11)............... (6.2) (6.2) (6.2) --------- --------- --------- Income After Taxes Continuing operations...................... 184.6 60.6 275.2 Discontinued operations (Notes 2 and 9).... 23.2 24.3 29.4 Discontinued operations (Notes 2 and 9)-- Gain on sale of McKesson Water Products Company................................... 515.9 -- -- --------- --------- --------- Net Income................................... $ 723.7 $ 84.9 $ 304.6 ========= ========= ========= Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Continuing operations...................... $ 0.66 $ 0.22 $ 1.00 Discontinued operations.................... 0.08 0.09 0.10 Discontinued operations--Gain on sale of McKesson Water Products Company........... 1.83 -- -- --------- --------- --------- Total.................................... $ 2.57 $ 0.31 $ 1.10 ========= ========= ========= Basic Continuing operations...................... $ 0.66 $ 0.22 $ 1.03 Discontinued operations.................... 0.08 0.09 0.11 Discontinued operations--Gain on sale of McKesson Water Products Company........... 1.83 -- -- --------- --------- --------- Total.................................... $ 2.57 $ 0.31 $ 1.14 ========= ========= ========= Shares on Which Earnings Per Common Share Were Based Diluted.................................... 281.3 275.2 282.1 Basic...................................... 281.3 275.2 266.2 See Financial Notes. F-32 McKESSON HBOC, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS March 31 ----------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 --------- -------- -------- (in millions except par value) Assets Cash and cash equivalents (Note 1).............. $ 548.9 $ 233.7 $ 564.4 Marketable securities available for sale (Note 1)............................................. 57.0 28.2 117.1 Receivables (Note 6)............................ 3,034.5 2,552.0 1,931.8 Inventories (Note 7)............................ 4,149.3 3,522.5 2,603.1 Prepaid expenses (Note 15)...................... 175.8 116.4 101.7 --------- -------- -------- Total current assets.......................... 7,965.5 6,452.8 5,318.1 --------- -------- -------- Property, plant and equipment, net (Note 8)..... 555.4 529.6 448.6 Capitalized software............................ 92.2 106.9 77.2 Notes receivable................................ 100.9 73.0 34.0 Goodwill and other intangibles.................. 1,185.6 1,200.6 969.4 Net assets of discontinued operations........... -- 179.4 131.7 Other assets (Notes 15 and 16).................. 473.3 477.7 312.8 --------- -------- -------- Total assets.................................. $10,372.9 $9,020.0 $7,291.8 ========= ======== ======== Liabilities Drafts payable.................................. $ 205.6 $ 417.7 $ 283.6 Accounts payable--trade......................... 3,678.3 3,131.7 1,902.5 Deferred revenue................................ 368.7 408.6 282.1 Short-term borrowings........................... -- 16.7 93.8 Current portion of long-term debt (Note 10)..... 16.2 195.3 15.0 Salaries and wages.............................. 115.5 93.0 93.7 Taxes (Note 15)................................. 354.8 90.8 39.5 Interest and dividends.......................... 33.9 34.7 30.1 Other........................................... 348.8 356.3 343.5 --------- -------- -------- Total current liabilities..................... 5,121.8 4,744.8 3,083.8 --------- -------- -------- Postretirement obligations and other noncurrent liabilities (Note 16).......................... 245.7 258.6 241.3 Long-term debt (Note 10)........................ 1,243.8 939.2 1,209.6 McKesson HBOC-obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred securities of subsidiary grantor trust whose sole assets are junior subordinated debentures of McKesson HBOC (Note 11).......... 195.8 195.6 195.4 Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 18) Stockholders' Equity Common stock (400.0 shares authorized, 283.9, 281.1 and 271.2 issued as of March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively; par value of $.01) (Note 14)...................................... 2.8 2.8 2.7 Additional paid-in capital...................... 1,791.1 1,725.7 1,330.9 Other........................................... (126.1) (107.7) (59.1) Retained earnings............................... 2,122.3 1,465.0 1,462.5 Accumulated other comprehensive losses.......... (97.1) (57.7) (54.9) ESOP notes and guarantees (Note 16)............. (99.9) (115.5) (115.6) Treasury shares, at cost (Note 14).............. (27.3) (30.8) (4.8) --------- -------- -------- Stockholders' equity.......................... 3,565.8 2,881.8 2,561.7 --------- -------- -------- Total liabilities and stockholders' equity.... $10,372.9 $9,020.0 $7,291.8 ========= ======== ======== See Financial Notes. F-33 McKESSON HBOC, INC. STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Years Ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 (shares in thousands, dollars in millions) Common Stock Additional -------------- Paid-in Shares Amount Capital ------- ------ ---------- Balances, March 31, 1997............................ 260,205 $2.6 $1,081.0 Issuance of shares under employee plans (Note 14)... 10,957 0.1 249.0 Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) note payments.. Translation adjustment.............................. Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(2.2) (Note 16)................................... Net income.......................................... Other (Note 16)..................................... 0.9 Cash dividends declared (Note 14)................... ------- ---- -------- Balances, March 31, 1998............................ 271,162 2.7 1,330.9 Issuance of shares under employee plans (Note 14)... 7,454 0.1 288.3 ESOP note payments.................................. Translation adjustment.............................. Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $(0.2) (Note 16)................................... Net income.......................................... Sale of shares to ESOP.............................. 1,346 105.2 Other (Note 16)..................................... 1,161 1.3 Cash dividends declared (Note 14)................... ------- ---- -------- Balances, March 31, 1999............................ 281,123 2.8 1,725.7 Issuance of shares under employee plans (Note 14)... 2,745 61.4 ESOP note payments.................................. Translation adjustment.............................. Additional minimum pension liability, net of tax of $0.2 (Note 16)..................................... Net income.......................................... Acquisition of Abaton.com (Note 2).................. 8.1 Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax of $23.8 (Note 3)........................................... Other (Note 16)..................................... (4.1) Cash dividends declared (Note 14)................... ------- ---- -------- Balances, March 31, 2000............................ 283,868 $2.8 $1,791.1 ======= ==== ======== See Financial Notes. F-34 Accumulated Treasury Other ESOP Notes -------------- Other Retained Comprehensive and Common Stockholders' Comprehensive Capital Earnings Losses Guarantees Shares Amount Equity Income - ------- -------- ------------- ---------- ------ ------ ------------- ------------- $ (23.5) $1,219.2 $(50.9) $(118.3) (1,224) $(28.3) $2,081.8 (35.6) 1,045 23.5 237.0 2.7 2.7 (0.6) (0.6) $ (0.6) (3.4) (3.4) (3.4) 304.6 304.6 304.6 0.7 1.6 (62.0) (62.0) - ------- -------- ------ ------- ------ ------ -------- ------ (59.1) 1,462.5 (54.9) (115.6) (179) (4.8) 2,561.7 $300.6 ====== (48.6) (360) (26.0) 213.8 0.1 0.1 (2.5) (2.5) (2.5) (0.3) (0.3) (0.3) 84.9 84.9 84.9 105.2 2.5 3.8 (84.9) (84.9) - ------- -------- ------ ------- ------ ------ -------- ------ (107.7) 1,465.0 (57.7) (115.5) (539) (30.8) 2,881.8 $ 82.1 ====== (18.4) (92) (3.0) 40.0 15.6 15.6 (3.7) (3.7) (3.7) 0.3 0.3 0.3 723.7 723.7 723.7 8.1 (36.0) (36.0) (36.0) 1.1 116 6.5 3.5 (67.5) (67.5) - ------- -------- ------ ------- ------ ------ -------- ------ $(126.1) $2,122.3 $(97.1) $ (99.9) (515) $(27.3) $3,565.8 $684.3 ======= ======== ====== ======= ====== ====== ======== ====== F-35 McKESSON HBOC, INC. STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS Years Ended March 31 --------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 --------- ------- ------- (in millions) Operating Activities Income from continuing operations................ $ 184.6 $ 60.6 $ 275.2 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation.................................. 116.2 103.9 89.8 Amortization of intangibles and capitalized software held for sale....................... 85.1 66.9 56.1 Provision for bad debts....................... 116.1 80.5 11.1 Deferred taxes on income...................... 26.5 (33.0) 48.1 Other noncash (Note 4)........................ 103.9 314.5 131.6 --------- ------- ------- Total..................................... 632.4 593.4 611.9 --------- ------- ------- Effects of changes in: Receivables................................... (732.5) (678.6) (223.6) Inventories................................... (629.8) (894.2) (296.9) Accounts and drafts payable................... 296.1 1,268.6 55.3 Taxes......................................... 40.1 (46.1) 99.9 Deferred revenue.............................. 14.0 126.5 80.9 Other......................................... (23.2) (113.4) (104.7) --------- ------- ------- Total..................................... (1,035.3) (337.2) (389.1) --------- ------- ------- Net cash provided (used) by continuing operations............................... (402.9) 256.2 222.8 Discontinued operations (Notes 2 and 9).......... (13.1) (23.6) 0.5 --------- ------- ------- Net cash provided (used) by operating activities............................... (416.0) 232.6 223.3 --------- ------- ------- Investing Activities Purchases of marketable securities............... (161.1) (27.9) (118.3) Maturities of marketable securities.............. 162.8 117.9 179.0 Property acquisitions............................ (145.1) (199.2) (166.4) Properties sold.................................. 14.9 22.3 19.4 Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries and investments (Note 2)............................ 1,077.9 -- 1.8 Notes receivable issuances, net.................. (36.9) (32.9) 0.4 Acquisitions of businesses, less cash and short- term investments acquired (Note 2).............. (128.9) (277.8) (177.5) Other............................................ (128.8) (188.1) (133.1) --------- ------- ------- Net cash provided (used) by investing activities............................... 654.8 (585.7) (394.7) --------- ------- ------- Financing Activities (Notes 10, 11 and 14) Proceeds from issuance of debt................... 379.4 82.7 446.7 Repayment of debt................................ (267.3) (189.5) (215.7) Dividends paid on convertible preferred securities...................................... (10.0) (10.0) (10.3) Capital stock transactions: Issuances........................................ 26.2 224.9 147.8 ESOP note payments............................... 15.6 0.1 2.6 Dividends paid................................... (67.5) (84.8) (58.8) Other............................................ -- (1.0) (8.1) --------- ------- ------- Net cash provided by financing activities. 76.4 22.4 304.2 --------- ------- ------- Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents..................................... 315.2 (330.7) 132.8 Cash and Cash Equivalents at beginning of year... 233.7 564.4 431.6 --------- ------- ------- Cash and Cash Equivalents at end of year......... $ 548.9 $ 233.7 $ 564.4 ========= ======= ======= See Financial Notes. F-36 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES 1. Significant Accounting Policies The consolidated financial statements of McKesson HBOC, Inc. ("McKesson HBOC" or the "Company") include the financial statements of all majority-owned companies, except those classified as discontinued operations. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. The Company is organized under three operating segments, Health Care Supply Management, Health Care Information Technology, and e-Health. Within the United States and Canada, the Health Care Supply Management segment is a leading wholesale distributor of ethical and proprietary drugs, medical- surgical supplies and health and beauty care products principally to chain and independent drug stores, hospitals, alternate care sites, food stores and mass merchandisers. The Health Care Information Technology segment delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, outsourcing and other services to health care organizations throughout the United States and certain foreign countries. The e-Health segment provides internet-based clinical applications for use by physician practices, pharmacy benefit managers, benefit payors, laboratories and pharmacies. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents include all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition. Marketable Securities Available for Sale are carried at fair value and the net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders' equity. The investments mature on various dates through fiscal 2001. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventories of the Health Care Supply segment consist of merchandise held for resale with the majority of the cost of domestic inventories determined on the last-in first- out (LIFO) method and international inventories stated at average cost. Health Care Information Technology segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost determined either by the specific identification or first-in, first- out (FIFO) method. Property, Plant and Equipment is stated at cost and depreciated on the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 45 years. Capitalized Software primarily reflects costs of the Health Care Information Technology segment to develop software products once the project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Management monitors the net realizable value of all software development investments to ensure that the investment will be recovered through future sales. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of three years. The Company capitalized software development costs of $54.5 million, $56.3 million, and $41.8 million in fiscal 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively. Amortization of capitalized software costs totaled $32.2 million, $25.9 million and $21.3 million in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively. Royalty fees of $18.2 million, $39.0 million and $32.1 million, were expensed in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, for software provided by third-party business partners. F-37 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) The Company adopted Statement of Position 98-1 "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use" as of April 1, 1998. The impact of the adoption was not material to the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Capitalized software of the Health Care Supply Management segment, included in other assets, reflects costs related to internally developed or purchased software for projects with costs in excess of $250,000 that are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives not exceeding seven years. Goodwill and Other Intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over periods estimated to be benefited, generally 3 to 40 years. Negative goodwill arising from the fiscal 1997 acquisition of the FoxMeyer business is being amortized over a five-year period. Accumulated amortization balances netted against goodwill and other intangibles were $178.7 million, $172.3 million, and $131.3 million at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Long-lived Assets. The Company periodically assesses the recoverability of the cost of its long-lived assets, including goodwill. Measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets, including goodwill, that the Company expects to hold and use is based on estimated fair values of the assets. Estimates of fair values are based on quoted market prices, when available, the results of valuation techniques utilizing discounted cash flows (using the lowest level of identifiable cash flows) or fundamental analysis. Long-lived assets to be disposed of, either by sale or abandonment, are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. See Financial Note 4 for charges the Company has recorded related to the impairment of assets. Insurance Programs. Under the Company's insurance programs, coverage is obtained for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is the policy of the Company to retain a significant portion of certain losses related primarily to workers' compensation, physical loss to property, business interruption resulting from such loss, and comprehensive general, product, and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon the Company's estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition. Revenues of the Health Care Supply Management segment are recognized when products are shipped or services are provided to customers. Included in these revenues are large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to major self-warehousing drugstore chains whereby the Company acts as an intermediary in the order and subsequent delivery of products directly from the manufacturer to the customers' warehouses. These sales totaled $8.7 billion in 2000, $6.8 billion in 1999 and $2.8 billion in 1998. Revenues of the Health Care Information Technology segment are generated primarily by licensing software systems, and providing outsourcing and professional services. Software systems are marketed under equipment purchase and software license agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual or one-time software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the contract method in accordance with Statement of Position 97-2 ("SOP 97- 2"), "Software Revenue Recognition" and SOP 81-1 "Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Product-Type Contracts," based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates are recognized in the period in which they are determined. Hardware is generally recognized upon delivery. Multi-year software license agreements are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or on the contract method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multiyear agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Remote processing services are recognized monthly as the work is performed. Outsourcing services are recognized as the work is performed or on the contract method. F-38 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) The Company also offers its products on an application service provider ("ASP") basis, making available Company software functionality on a remote processing basis from the Company's data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support as well as processing services. Revenue on products sold on an ASP basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract. On December 3, 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements" ("SAB101"), which provided guidance on certain revenue recognition practices. The Company has reviewed SAB101 and does not anticipate any material changes to its revenue recognition policies as a result of the adoption of SAB101. Also included in revenues is interest income of $21.7 million, $37.8 million, and $37.4 million in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Income Taxes. The Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Foreign Currency Translation. Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign affiliates are translated at current exchange rates, while revenue and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments related to the Company's foreign operations are reported as a component of stockholders' equity. Derivative Financial Instruments. The Company's policy generally is to use financial derivatives only to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company has entered into interest rate and currency swap agreements to hedge certain interest and currency rate risks which are accounted for using the settlement basis of accounting. Premiums paid on interest rate and currency swap agreements are deferred and amortized to interest expense over the life of the underlying hedged instrument, or immediately if the underlying hedged instrument is settled. No gains or losses are recorded for movements in the swaps' values during the terms of the respective agreements. Employee Stock Options. The Company uses the intrinsic value method to account for stock-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees". See Financial Note 14 for the disclosures of pro forma earnings and earnings per share had the fair value method been used to account for stock-based employee compensation plans in accordance with SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock- Based Compensation". New Accounting Pronouncements. In 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities", which established accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts (collectively referred to as derivatives) and for hedging activities. It requires that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial position and measure these instruments at fair value. In June 1999, the FASB issued SFAS No. 137 "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133" which defers the effective date of SFAS No. 133 until the Company's fiscal year 2002. The Company is currently evaluating what impact, if any, SFAS No. 133 may have on its consolidated financial statements. F-39 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 2. Acquisitions, Investments and Divestitures Fiscal 2000 Acquisitions: On November 2, 1999, the Company completed the acquisition of Abaton.com, a provider of internet-based clinical applications for use by physician practices, pharmacy benefit managers, benefit payors, laboratories and pharmacies, for approximately $95 million in cash and the assumption of approximately $8 million of employee stock incentives. Goodwill and other intangibles related to the acquisition of $101 million are being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from three to seven years. A charge of $1.5 million was recorded to write off the portion of the purchase price of Abaton.com allocated to in-process technology for which technological feasibility had not been established as of the acquisition date and for which there were no alternative uses. The Company received an independent valuation which utilized a discounted cash flow methodology by product line to assist in valuing in-process and existing technologies as of the acquisition date. In fiscal 2000, the Company also made a number of smaller acquisitions including eight distributors of first-aid products, a provider of systems that adjudicate third party prescription claims and three health care information technology businesses. The aggregate cost of these acquisitions, accounted for as purchases, totaled approximately $34.1 million. The aggregate excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired of $34.9 million is being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from 6 to 20 years. The results of operations of the acquired businesses have been included in the consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Fiscal 1999 Acquisitions: HBOC Transaction On January 12, 1999, McKesson Corporation ("McKesson") completed the acquisition of HBO & Company ("HBOC"), a leading health care information technology company, by exchanging 177 million shares of McKesson common stock for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of HBOC (the "HBOC Transaction"). Each share of HBOC stock was exchanged for 0.37 of a share of McKesson common stock (the "Exchange Ratio"). McKesson was renamed McKesson HBOC, Inc. The transaction was structured as a tax-free reorganization and was accounted for as a pooling of interests. In April 1999, the Company discovered improper accounting practices at HBOC. In July, 1999, the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors completed an investigation into such matters (the "Investigation"), which resulted in the previously reported restatement of the Company's historical consolidated financial statements related to HBOC (pre-acquisition) in fiscal 1999, 1998 and 1997. In fiscal 2000, the Company incurred costs in connection with the Investigation and the resulting restatement of the historical consolidated financial statements, and pending litigation (see Financial Note 18) and recorded charges of $18.9 million for accounting and legal fees and other costs. Other Poolings of Interests In addition to the HBOC Transaction, the following acquisitions were accounted for under the pooling of interests method: In August 1998, the Company acquired Hawk Medical Supply, Inc., a distributor of medical-surgical supplies primarily to the primary care sector, for approximately 2 million shares of Company common stock. Also in August 1998, the Company acquired J. Knipper and Company, a provider of direct mail, fulfillment and sales support services, including sample distribution to physician and pharmaceutical company sales representatives, for approximately 300,000 shares of Company common stock. F-40 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) In September 1998, the Company acquired Automated Prescription Systems, Inc., a manufacturer of automated prescription filling and dispensing systems, for approximately 1.4 million shares of Company common stock. In October 1998, the Company acquired US Servis, Inc., a professional management company that provides outsourcing services for physician delivery systems and hospital business offices, for the equivalent, after application of the Exchange Ratio, of approximately 700,000 shares of Company common stock. In October 1998, the Company completed the acquisition of IMNET Systems, Inc., a provider of electronic information and document management solutions for the health care industry, for the equivalent of approximately 3.6 million shares of Company common stock and 0.6 million Company stock options. In December 1998, the Company acquired Access Health, Inc., a provider of clinically based care management programs and health care information services, for the equivalent of approximately 12.7 million shares of Company common stock. In connection with the fiscal 1999 acquisitions discussed above, the Company incurred transaction costs, primarily consisting of professional fees such as investment banking, legal and accounting fees of $84.6 million, including $6.6 million of transaction costs associated with various terminated transactions which had been explored by the Company. In addition, the Company incurred acquisition-related employee benefit costs of $88.7 million, primarily related to benefits received by employees in connection with change of control provisions, signing and retention bonuses and retirement and employee benefits. Purchase Transactions The following fiscal 1999 acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method and the results of operations of the acquired businesses have been included in the consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates: In September 1998, the Company acquired MedManagement LLC, a pharmacy management, purchasing, consulting and information services company, for approximately $38 million in cash. The acquisition was funded with debt. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of $41 million is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years. In November 1998, the Company acquired RedLine HealthCare Corporation ("RedLine"), a distributor of medical supplies and services to the extended- care industry, including long-term-care and home-care sites for approximately $233 million in cash. The acquisition was funded with debt. The valuation of the RedLine net assets acquired included the recognition of liabilities totaling $5.8 million related to closures of duplicate facilities, and involuntary termination and relocation benefits. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of $149 million is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years. In fiscal 1999, the Company also made a number of smaller acquisitions including six distributors of first-aid products. The aggregate cost of these acquisitions, accounted for as purchases, totaled approximately $35 million. Fiscal 1998 Acquisitions: Poolings of Interests In June 1997, the Company completed the acquisition of AMISYS Managed Care Systems, Inc. ("AMISYS"), a provider of information systems for managed care entities and other parties that assume financial risk for healthcare populations, for the equivalent of approximately 4.0 million shares of Company common stock. F-41 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) Also in June 1997, the Company completed the acquisition of Enterprise Systems, Inc. ("ESi"), a developer of resource management solutions, for the equivalent of approximately 5.6 million shares of Company common stock. In December 1997, the Company completed the acquisition of HPR, Inc. ("HPR"), a provider of clinical information systems for the managed care industry, for the equivalent of approximately 6.8 million shares of Company common stock. Also in December 1997, the Company completed the acquisition of National Health Enhancement Systems, Inc. ("NHES"), a provider of health care information technology solutions specializing in demand and disease management products, for the equivalent of approximately 1.3 million shares of Company common stock. In connection with the acquisitions discussed above, which were accounted for as poolings of interests, the Company incurred transaction costs, primarily consisting of professional fees such as investment banking, legal and accounting fees of $16.0 million. The Company also incurred $16.7 million of transaction costs associated with the terminated merger with AmeriSource Health Corporation. In addition, the Company incurred costs of $1.4 million during the year ended March 31, 1998, primarily related to benefits received by employees in connection with change of control provisions associated with the acquisitions. Purchase Transactions In August 1997, the Company's Canadian health care distribution business, Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc. ("Medis") announced an agreement with Drug Trading Company, Limited ("Drug Trading") to transition Drug Trading's retail customers to Medis over a six-month period. The Company acquired assets consisting primarily of accounts receivable, inventories and customer contracts, for approximately $83 million in cash. The transaction was funded with proceeds from operations and short-term borrowings. This acquisition was accounted for under the purchase accounting method and the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired of $9.2 million is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years. In October 1997, the Company acquired AT&T's UK Specialist Health Care Services Division ("ATT-UK"), a provider of software solutions and remote processing services for financial and payroll needs of health care providers in the United Kingdom for approximately $30 million in cash. In connection with the acquisition, the Company wrote off $7.7 million of purchase price allocated to in-process technology based on an independent appraisal of the business. These costs were expensed as of the acquisition date. In fiscal 1998, the Company also made a number of smaller acquisitions including six distributors of first-aid products, two distributors of medical/surgical supplies, and a pharmaceuticals distributor. The aggregate cost of these acquisitions, accounted for as purchases, amounted to approximately $20 million. Divestiture On February 29, 2000, the Company sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, McKesson Water Products Company (the "Water Products business") to Groupe Danone for approximately $1.1 billion in cash and recognized an after-tax gain of $515.9 million. The taxes related to this transaction have been accrued and are scheduled to be paid in fiscal 2001. All of the net assets and results of operations of the Water Products business have been classified as discontinued operations and all prior years restated accordingly. See Financial Note 9. F-42 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 3. Gains on Equity Investments In November 1999, the Company received 4.5 million shares of Healtheon/WebMD common stock and 8.4 million warrants to purchase Healtheon/WebMD common stock in exchange for its shares and warrants of WebMD, as a result of the November 11, 1999 merger between Healtheon Corporation and WebMD, Inc. The Company recorded gains on the exchange of the common stock based on the November 11, 1999 closing market price and on the warrants at fair value using the Black- Scholes valuation method. Subsequently in fiscal 2000, the Company donated 250,000 shares of Healtheon/WebMD common stock to the McKesson HBOC Foundation and sold the remaining Healtheon/WebMD common shares. As a result of these transactions, the Company recognized gains related to the investment in Healtheon/WebMD of $248.8 million of which $155.4 million was realized. The remaining gain of $93.4 million, which resulted from the November 11, 1999 exchange of warrants, had not been realized as of March 31, 2000. The Company's warrants to purchase Healtheon/WebMD common stock have been classified as "available-for-sale" securities under SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities." The estimated fair value of the warrants declined from $93.4 million as of November 11, 1999 to $32.3 million as of March 31, 2000, resulting in an unrealized loss of $61.1 million, which is included in stockholders' equity. As of May 19, 2000, the estimated fair value of the warrants further declined to $14.7 million. The warrants have exercise prices ranging from $11.14 to $50.86 and expire on September 1, 2004. In addition, other equity investments were sold during the year at a gain of $20.3 million, and a $9.8 million charge was recorded in administrative expense to reflect the donation of the Healtheon/WebMD common stock to the McKesson HBOC Foundation. 4. Restructuring and Asset Impairments In fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 the Company recorded charges and adjustments for restructuring and asset impairments of $232.7 million, $140.3 million and $54.3 million, respectively. The major components of the charges are as follows: 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ----- (in millions) Write-down of assets................................... $234.2 $ 91.2 $36.1 Other exit-related costs............................... (5.7) 17.2 0.7 Severance.............................................. 4.2 31.9 17.5 ------ ------ ----- $232.7 $140.3 $54.3 ====== ====== ===== Fiscal 2000 Health Care Supply Management In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the Company reviewed the operations and cost structure of the Health Care Supply Management's medical-surgical business. This resulted in the planned closure of a sales office and a workforce reduction. The Company recorded a $0.6 million charge for exit- related costs and a severance charge of $2.3 million relating to the termination of approximately 200 employees primarily in warehouse, administrative and sales functions. The employees will be terminated in fiscal 2001. Severance of $2.1 million will be paid in fiscal 2001, and the remaining severance will be paid in fiscal 2002. In addition, the Company reassessed prior years' restructuring plans resulting in the decision to retain one of the six pharmaceutical distribution centers identified for closure in fiscal 1999, and to reduce the number of medical-surgical distribution center closures. The Company also announced and completed the closure of one F-43 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) additional pharmaceutical distribution center in fiscal 2000. The Company recorded income of $6.9 million and $1.2 million for net reductions of prior year-reserves for exit-related activities and severance, respectively, and charges of $1.5 million for additional asset impairments associated with closed distribution centers ($0.7 million for receivables and $0.8 million for inventories). In fiscal 2000, the Company completed the closures of three pharmaceutical distribution centers, including the additional distribution center mentioned above. In addition, the realignment of the sales organization was completed and certain back office functions were eliminated. This resulted in the termination of approximately 200 employees and the payment of $3.6 million in severance. The Company also completed the closures of three medical-surgical distribution centers and paid $1.0 million in severance to approximately 100 employees who were terminated in fiscal 1999 and 2000. In addition, the Company paid $2.6 million in costs incurred in connection with the distribution center closures and also real estate property taxes, rents, utility and other costs for the facilities subsequent to termination of operations. The Company plans to continue these closure activities throughout fiscal 2001. Health Care Information Technology In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000, the Company completed an assessment of the Health Care Information technology's business and product portfolio. This resulted in the decision to reorganize the business and to discontinue overlapping or nonstrategic product offerings. The Company recorded charges of $232.7 million for asset impairments. These included charges to write off $49.1 million of capitalized software development costs, $39.3 million of purchased software and $50.7 million of goodwill associated with the discontinued product lines based upon an analysis of discounted cash flows. In addition, a $74.1 million reserve was recorded for customer settlements (forgiveness of accounts receivable, customer credits and refunds) attributable to the discontinued product lines. The Company also recorded a $9.4 million loss on the disposition of a non-core foreign operation, and a $7.7 million charge for uncollectible unbilled receivables and $2.4 million charge for obsolete equipment associated with the discontinued products. Substantially all of the charges were non-cash asset write-offs except for the customer settlements. In addition, a charge of $0.6 million was recorded for costs to prepare facilities for disposal, lease costs and property taxes required subsequent to termination of operations and other exit-related activities. In fiscal 2000, the Company paid $0.5 million in rent costs for office space abandoned in prior years. The Company also recorded a $3.9 million severance charge related to the product streamlining and reorganization. The fiscal 2000 charge relates to approximately 300 employees, primarily in product development and support and administrative functions who were terminated at the end of fiscal 2000. Substantially all of the severance will be paid in fiscal 2001. In addition, the Company recorded income of $0.8 million to reduce prior-year reserves for severance, in this segment. As a result of the Health Care Information Technology segment's reorganization and product streamlining, sales, development and support activities for certain discontinued products ceased at fiscal year-end and activities associated with the remaining discontinued products will be phased out within twelve months. The Company estimates that future revenues and costs associated with the discontinued products will be reduced or eliminated, but they are not expected to materially impact fiscal 2001 revenues and operating profit. To reflect the items discussed above, charges of $0.8 million have been recorded in cost of sales and $234.8 million have been recorded in administrative expenses. In addition, income of $0.3 million and $2.6 million have been recorded in selling expenses and distribution expenses, respectively. F-44 McKESSON HBOC FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) Fiscal 1999 Health Care Supply Management In fiscal 1999, the Company identified six distribution centers for closure of which one distribution center was shut down by March 31, 1999. The Company recorded a charge of $25.5 million related to such closures. Of this charge, $21.7 million was required to reduce the carrying value of facility assets to their estimated fair value less disposal costs, and $3.8 million was related to computer hardware and software which will no longer be used at such facilities. Fair value was determined based on sales of similar assets, appraisals, and/or other estimates such as discounting of estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair values, accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from such estimates. Also related to such closures, a charge of $17.2 million was recorded for other exit-related costs. These primarily consist of costs to prepare facilities for disposal, lease costs and property taxes required subsequent to termination of operations, as well as the write-off of costs related to duplicate assets which do not have future use by the Company. Of the above charges, $25.5 million were non-cash asset write-offs. Also, in connection with the previously discussed reassessment of this plan in fiscal 2000, the Company recorded income of $6.9 million in fiscal 2000 as a result of reducing previously recorded exit-related reserves offset in part, by additional asset impairments of $1.5 million. As part of this plan, the Company recorded a severance charge of $13.3 million for workforce reductions. The severance charge relates to the termination of approximately 1,000 employees, primarily in distribution centers and associated back-office functions. Severance of $2.7 million was paid during fiscal 1999 in connection with the termination of approximately 100 distribution center employees, $4.6 million was paid in fiscal 2000 to approximately 300 employees, primarily in distribution centers, sales and associated back-office functions, and the balance will be paid in fiscal 2001. In addition, $1.2 million, primarily associated with a reduction in estimated terminations of approximately 100 employees, was recorded as income in fiscal 2000, as a result of the previously discussed reassessment of this restructuring plan. The Company also wrote off $23.5 million (non-cash) of computer hardware and software which were abandoned as the result of an acquisition during the year. Health Care Information Technology In fiscal 1999, the Health Care Information Technology segment completed several acquisitions. In connection with these acquisitions, and the merger with McKesson, plans were approved by management to consolidate facilities, reduce workforce and eliminate duplicate products and internal systems. In order to effect these plans, the Company identified workforce reductions, including both acquired company and Company personnel, and recorded severance costs of $18.6 million (net of a $3.0 million reversal of previously recorded severance obligations which were determined to be in excess). The severance charge relates to the termination of approximately 550 employees, primarily in development and administrative functions. Severance of $6.4 million and $10.3 million was paid during fiscal 1999 and 2000, respectively, primarily under salary continuance arrangements. Severance of $0.8 million will be paid in fiscal 2001 and the balance will be paid in 2002. In addition, duplicate facilities, products and internal systems were identified for elimination, resulting in charges of $22.2 million, relating principally to the write-off of capitalized costs, lease termination costs, and royalty agreements which were terminated at a cost of $12.0 million because products subject to minimum royalty payments to third parties were replaced with acquired products. In addition, following the HBOC Transaction, the Company evaluated the performance of a foreign business and elected to shut down its facility. Charges of $11.6 million were recorded, principally related to the write-off of goodwill to fair value based on F-45 McKESSON HBOC FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) discounted cash flows. Revenues and net operating income for this foreign business were not significant in fiscal 1999. Certain investments became impaired during fiscal 1999 and were written down by $4.3 million to their net realizable values based primarily on discounted cash flows, and other reserves of $4.1 million were recorded to cover customer and other claims arising out of the acquisitions. Substantially all of the above charges were non-cash asset write-offs. The charges discussed above have been recorded in selling, distribution and administrative expenses. During fiscal 1999, there were no significant changes in estimates or recharacterizations of amounts from restructuring reserves recorded in prior years, except for the $3.0 million reversal described above. Fiscal 1998 Health Care Supply Management The Company recorded a charge of $9.4 million for workforce reductions announced in fiscal 1998. The severance charge relates to the termination of approximately 600 employees, primarily in distribution center and back-office functions. Approximately 200 of these employees were terminated, and $2.8 million of severance costs were paid during fiscal 1998. The remaining employees were terminated, and the remaining severance was paid, in fiscal 1999. In addition, $3.7 million was recorded due to the loss on the sale of an investment, and a charge of $0.7 million was recorded associated with the closure of a facility in Canada. Health Care Information Technology In fiscal 1998, the Health Care Information Technology segment completed several acquisitions. In connection with these acquisitions, duplicate products, facilities and internal systems were eliminated and, employees were terminated. In addition, a minority investment became impaired. The Company identified workforce reductions, including both acquired company and Company personnel, and recorded severance costs of $8.1 million. Severance of $4.6 million was paid during fiscal 1998 to approximately 100 employees who were terminated in that year, and the remaining severance was paid in fiscal 1999. Duplicate products, facilities and internal systems were identified which resulted in charges of $22.4 million (non-cash), consisting primarily of capitalized costs and intangible write-offs of $19.3 million related to discontinuance of certain product lines. In addition, a $10.0 million minority investment became impaired and was written off (non-cash). The charges discussed above have been recorded in selling, distribution and administrative expenses. During fiscal 1998 there were no significant changes in estimates or recharacterization of amounts from restructuring reserves recorded in prior years. F-46 McKESSON HBOC FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) Summary of Reserve Balances A roll-forward of the reserves for severance and exit-related activities from March 31, 1997 to March 31, 2000, by operating segment, follows: Health Care Health Care Supply Management Information Technology ---------------------- ----------------------------- Severance Exit-Related Severance Exit-Related Total --------- ------------ --------- ------------ ------ (in millions) Balance, March 31, 1997................... $ -- $ 9.5 $ 3.2 $ 1.9 $ 14.6 Fiscal 1998 Charges..... 9.4 0.7 8.1 18.2 Severance amounts paid during the year........ (2.8) (7.8) (10.6) Costs paid during the year................... (4.5) (0.8) (5.3) ----- ----- ------ ----- ------ Balance, March 31, 1998................... 6.6 5.7 3.5 1.1 16.9 Fiscal 1999 Charges..... 13.3 17.2 21.6 52.1 Adjustments............. (3.0) (3.0) Severance amounts paid during the year........ (9.3) (9.9) (19.2) Costs paid during the year................... (3.9) (0.5) (4.4) ----- ----- ------ ----- ------ Balance, March 31, 1999................... 10.6 19.0 12.2 0.6 42.4 Fiscal 2000 Charges..... 2.3 0.6 3.9 0.6 7.4 Adjustments............. (1.2) (6.9) (0.8) (8.9) Severance amounts paid during the year........ (4.6) (10.3) (14.9) Costs paid during the year................... (2.6) (0.5) (3.1) ----- ----- ------ ----- ------ Balance, March 31, 2000................... $ 7.1 $10.1 $ 5.0 $ 0.7 $ 22.9 ===== ===== ====== ===== ====== The remaining balances at March 31, 2000 relate primarily to charges recorded in fiscal 2000 and 1999, with the exception of $0.8 million of exit- related costs associated with the fiscal 1997 plan. The reserves for other exit-related items consist of costs for preparing facilities for disposal, lease costs and property taxes required subsequent to termination of operations. 5. Off-Balance Sheet Risk and Concentrations of Credit Risk Trade receivables subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the retail and institutional sectors. A significant proportion of the Company's increase in sales has been to a limited number of large customers. Consequently, the Company's credit concentration has increased. Accordingly, any defaults in payment by these large customers could have a significant negative impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. At March 31, 2000, receivables from the Company's ten largest customers accounted for approximately 37% of total customer accounts receivable. Fiscal 2000 sales to, and March 31, 2000 receivables from, the Company's largest customer, Rite Aid Corporation, represented approximately 15% of consolidated sales and 11% of consolidated receivables, respectively. At March 31, 2000, the Company had an $850 million committed receivables sales facility which was fully available as of March 31, 2000. The Company's accounts receivable sales program accommodated the sale by the Company in March 1999 and 1998, of $400.0 million and $299.9 million, respectively, of undivided interests in the Company's trade accounts receivable. The program qualifies for sale treatment under SFAS No. 125, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities". The sales were recorded at the estimated fair values of the receivables sold, reflecting discounts for the time value of money based on U.S. commercial paper rates and estimated loss provisions. F-47 McKESSON HBOC FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) The Company's Canadian subsidiary, Medis, has agreements with certain of its customers' financial institutions under which Medis has the option to repurchase certain inventory in the event the customers are unable to meet certain obligations to the financial institutions. Medis has also agreed to guarantee the payment of a major customer's leases. The amounts related to these guarantees were approximately $59.2 million for the inventory and $10.2 million for the lease obligations at March 31, 2000. The Company's U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business has entered into agreements to provide loans to certain customers some of which are on a revolving basis. As of March 31, 2000, a total of $81.0 million of these commitments remained outstanding, of which $38.7 million were reflected as other receivables and notes receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. Under the terms of the loans, the Company has a security interest in the assets of the customers. In addition, the Company has agreed to guarantee customer loans of $40 million. 6. Receivables March 31 ---------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 -------- -------- -------- (in millions) Customer accounts.............................. $2,847.4 $2,290.0 $1,774.0 Other.......................................... 462.0 442.6 240.8 -------- -------- -------- Total........................................ 3,309.4 2,732.6 2,014.8 Allowances..................................... (274.9) (180.6) (83.0) -------- -------- -------- Net.......................................... $3,034.5 $2,552.0 $1,931.8 ======== ======== ======== The allowances are for uncollectible accounts, discounts, returns, refunds and other adjustments. 7. Inventories The LIFO method was used to value approximately 87%, 86% and 82% of the inventories at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Inventories before the LIFO cost adjustment, which approximates replacement cost, were $4,397.2 million, $3,762.5 million and $2,844.9 million at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. 8. Property, Plant and Equipment, net March 31 --------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 -------- -------- ------- (in millions) Land............................................ $ 34.5 $ 37.0 $ 35.1 Building, machinery and equipment............... 1,115.1 1,029.1 882.8 -------- -------- ------- Total property, plant and equipment............. 1,149.6 1,066.1 917.9 Accumulated depreciation........................ (594.2) (536.5) (469.3) -------- -------- ------- Property, plant and equipment, net.............. $ 555.4 $ 529.6 $ 448.6 ======== ======== ======= F-48 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 9. Discontinued Operations The net assets (liabilities) of discontinued operations were as follows: March 31 --------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ----- ------ ------ (in millions) Total assets.......................................... $ 0.6 $242.6 $191.5 Total liabilities..................................... (2.1) (63.2) (59.8) ----- ------ ------ Net assets (liabilities)............................ $(1.5) $179.4 $131.7 ===== ====== ====== At March 31, 2000, the net liabilities of discontinued operations are included in other current liabilities. Assets consist primarily of land held for sale and investments in affiliates. Liabilities consist primarily of other accrued liabilities. At March 31, 1999 and 1998, assets of discontinued operations consist primarily of receivables, inventory, property, plant and equipment and goodwill of the Water Products business. Liabilities of discontinued operations consist primarily of accounts payable and other accrued liabilities of the Water Products business. Results of discontinued operations were as follows: Years Ended March 31 ---------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (in millions) Revenues........................................... $366.3 $355.1 $313.8 ====== ====== ====== Discontinued operations before taxes............... $ 38.3 $ 40.1 $ 47.2 Provision for taxes on income...................... (15.1) (15.8) (17.8) ------ ------ ------ Discontinued operations.......................... 23.2 24.3 29.4 Gain on sale of Water Products business, net of tax of $333.9......................................... 515.9 -- -- ------ ------ ------ Total............................................ $539.1 $ 24.3 $ 29.4 ====== ====== ====== Discontinued operations in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 include the operations of the Water Products business. F-49 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 10. Long-Term Debt March 31 -------------------------- 2000 1999 1998 -------- -------- -------- (in millions) ESOP related debt............................... $ 99.9 $ 115.5 $ 115.6 4.50% exchangeable subordinated debentures due 2004........................................... 28.1 37.3 113.3 8.91 % Ser. A Senior Notes due 2005............. 100.0 -- -- 8.95 % Ser. B Senior Notes due 2007............. 20.0 -- -- 9.13 % Ser. C Senior Notes due 2010............. 215.0 -- -- 6.60% Notes due 2000............................ -- 175.0 175.0 6.875% Notes due 2002........................... 175.0 175.0 175.0 6.55% Notes due 2002............................ 125.0 125.0 125.0 6.30% Notes due 2005............................ 150.0 150.0 150.0 6.40% Notes due 2008............................ 150.0 150.0 150.0 7.65% Debentures due 2027....................... 175.0 175.0 175.0 5.375% to 5.85% IDRBs due through 2026.......... 9.0 9.0 11.8 Capital lease obligations (averaging 7.85%)..... 9.9 19.0 6.3 Other, 7.0% to 10.875%, due through 2021........ 3.1 3.7 27.6 -------- -------- -------- Total Debt.................................... 1,260.0 1,134.5 1,224.6 Less current portion............................ 16.2 195.3 15.0 -------- -------- -------- Total Long-Term Debt.......................... $1,243.8 $ 939.2 $1,209.6 ======== ======== ======== The Company has a revolving credit agreement with several domestic and international banks whereby the banks commit $400 million borrowing availability at the reference rate (9% at March 31, 2000) or money market- based rates. The agreement expires in fiscal 2004. The Company has an additional $875 million available for general purposes under a facility with a duration of 364 days or less which is due to expire on October 20, 2000. At March 31, 2000, the Company had $1.275 billion of unused borrowing capacity under these agreements, which are used primarily to support commercial paper borrowings. In addition, the Company has an $850 million committed receivables sales facility, which was fully available as of March 31, 2000. The accounts receivable sales facility will terminate, if not renewed, on June 23, 2000. In fiscal 2000, the Company issued fixed-rate debt totaling $335.0 million. The 8.91% Series A notes mature on February 28, 2005, the 8.95% Series B notes mature on February 28, 2007 and the 9.13% Series C notes mature on February 28, 2010. Interest only is payable semiannually. Total interest payments were $115.0 million, $117.8 million, and $95.0 million in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. ESOP related debt (see Note 16) is payable to banks and insurance companies, bears interest at rates ranging from 8.6% fixed rate to approximately 80% of prime or LIBOR +0.4% and is due in installments through 2009. In connection with the 4.5% exchangeable subordinated debentures, the March 31, 2000 marketable securities balance includes $17.3 million held in trust as exchange property for the exchangeable subordinated debentures. Through March 31, 2000, the Company had repurchased $151.9 million of the exchangeable subordinated debentures. In fiscal 1998, the Company entered into two interest rate swap agreements, each with a notional principal amount of $150 million. The swaps mature in 2005 and 2008 and swap fixed interest payments of 6.30% and F-50 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 6.40%, respectively, for floating interest payments based on a LIBOR index; the floating rates at March 31, 2000 were 5.8% and 5.7%, respectively. These swaps include an imbedded interest rate cap of 7%. Also in fiscal 1998, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a currency swap agreement to convert the $125 million proceeds from the issuance of senior notes to $173 million Canadian currency, which was used to pay down short-term borrowings of the Company's Canadian subsidiary, Medis. This swap matures on November 1, 2002. Certain debt agreements require that the Company's total debt not exceed 56.5% of total capitalization (total debt plus equity). At March 31, 2000, the Company was in compliance with its capitalization and other financial covenants. Aggregate annual payments on long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations (see Financial Note 12) for the years ending March 31 are: Long-Term Capital Debt Leases Total --------- ------------- -------- (in millions) 2001........................................ $ 11.4 $4.8 $ 16.2 2002........................................ 187.4 3.2 190.6 2003........................................ 138.0 0.4 138.4 2004........................................ 39.2 0.4 39.6 2005........................................ 259.7 0.2 259.9 Thereafter.................................. 614.4 0.9 615.3 -------- ---- -------- Total..................................... $1,250.1 $9.9 $1,260.0 ======== ==== ======== 11. Convertible Preferred Securities In February 1997, a wholly-owned subsidiary trust of the Company issued 4 million shares of preferred securities to the public and 123,720 common securities to the Company, which are convertible at the holder's option into McKessonHBOC common stock. The proceeds of such issuances were invested by the trust in $206,186,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company's 5% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2027 (the "Debentures"). The Debentures represent the sole assets of the trust. The Debentures mature on June 1, 2027, bear interest at the rate of 5%, payable quarterly, and are redeemable by the Company beginning in March 2000 at 103.5% of the principal amount thereof. Holders of the securities are entitled to cumulative cash distributions at an annual rate of 5% of the liquidation amount of $50 per security. Each preferred security is convertible at the rate of 1.3418 shares of McKessonHBOC common stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The preferred securities will be redeemed upon repayment of the Debentures and are callable by the Company at 103.5% of the liquidation amount beginning in March 2000. The Company has guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, distributions and other payments due on the preferred securities (the "Guarantee"). The Guarantee, when taken together with the Company's obligations under the Debentures and in the indenture pursuant to which the Debentures were issued and the Company's obligations under the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust governing the subsidiary trust, provides a full and unconditional guarantee of amounts due on the preferred securities. The Debentures and related trust investment in the Debentures have been eliminated in consolidation and the preferred securities reflected as outstanding in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. F-51 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 12. Lease Obligations The Company leases facilities and equipment under both capital and operating leases. Net assets held under capital leases included in property, plant and equipment were $9.1 million, $4.4 million, and $4.6 million at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Amortization of capital leases is included in depreciation expense. As of March 31, 2000, future minimum lease payments and sublease rentals in years ending March 31 are: Non- Non- cancelable cancelable Operating Sublease Capital Leases Rentals Leases ---------- ---------- ------- 2001.......................................... $ 64.9 $ 4.7 $ 6.7 2002.......................................... 58.5 3.9 3.7 2003.......................................... 51.5 3.0 1.5 2004.......................................... 40.8 1.3 0.3 2005.......................................... 33.9 0.9 0.2 Thereafter.................................... 62.3 1.1 0.1 ------ ----- ----- Total minimum lease payments................ $311.9 $14.9 12.5 ====== ===== Less amounts representing interest............ 2.6 ----- Present value of minimum lease payments..... $ 9.9 ===== Rental expense was $108.3 million, $110.0 million, and $100.5 million in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Most real property leases contain renewal options and provisions requiring the Company to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. 13. Fair Value of Financial Instruments At March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables, drafts payable, accounts payable--trade and other liabilities approximate their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The estimated fair values of the Company's remaining financial instruments, as determined under SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments", were as follows: 2000 1999 1998 ------------------- ------------------- ------------------- Carrying Estimated Carrying Estimated Carrying Estimated Amount Fair Value Amount Fair Value Amount Fair Value -------- ---------- -------- ---------- -------- ---------- (in millions) Long-term debt, including current portion................ $1,260.0 $1,199.7 $1,134.5 $1,145.8 $1,224.6 $1,197.7 Interest rate swaps-- unrealized gain/(loss)............ -- 11.0 -- 3.7 -- (5.1) Foreign currency rate swap................... -- (5.8) -- 12.6 -- 4.0 The estimated fair values of these instruments were determined based on quoted market prices or market comparables. The estimated fair values may not be representative of actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of March 31, 2000, 1999 or 1998 or that will be realized in the future. F-52 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 14. Stockholders' Equity On October 29, 1997, the Company's board of directors declared a two-for-one split of the Company's common stock. The split was effective January 2, 1998 for shareholders of record on December 1, 1997. All share and per share amounts have been restated for the split. Before giving effect to the acquisitions accounted for as poolings of interests (see "Acquisitions, Investments and Divestitures" Financial Note 2), McKesson declared dividends of $0.435 and $0.50 per share and HBOC declared dividends of $0.04 and $0.035 per share, in fiscal years 1999 and 1998, respectively. At March 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, the Company was authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of series preferred stock ($.01 par value) of which none were outstanding and 400,000,000 shares of common stock ($.01 par value) of which approximately 283,353,000 shares, 280,584,000 shares and 270,983,000 shares, respectively, were outstanding net of treasury stock. In October 1994, the Company's Board of Directors declared a dividend of one right (a "Right") for each then outstanding share of common stock and authorized the issuance of one Right for each share subsequently issued to purchase, upon the occurrence of certain specified triggering events, a unit consisting of one hundredth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Triggering events include, without limitation, the acquisition by another entity of 15% or more of the Company's common stock without the prior approval of the Company's Board. The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects and will cause substantial dilution to the ownership interest of a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company on terms not approved by the Board. The Rights expire in 2004 unless redeemed earlier by the Board. As a result of the two-for-one stock split described earlier, each share of common stock now has attached to it one-half of a Right. F-53 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations: 2000 -------------------------- Income Shares Per Share ------ ------ --------- (in millions, except per share amounts) Basic EPS Income from continuing operations............. $184.6 281.3 $0.66 ===== Effect of Dilutive Securities................... -- -- ------ ----- Diluted EPS Income available to common stockholders plus assumed conversions.......................... $184.6 281.3(1) $0.66 ====== ===== ===== 1999 -------------------------- Income Shares Per Share ------ ------ --------- (in millions, except per share amounts) Basic EPS Income from continuing operations............. $ 60.6 275.2 $0.22 ===== Effect of Dilutive Securities................... -- -- ------ ----- Diluted EPS Income available to common stockholders plus assumed conversions.......................... $ 60.6 275.2(1) $0.22 ====== ===== ===== 1998 -------------------------- Income Shares Per Share ------ ------ --------- (in millions, except per share amounts) Basic EPS Income from continuing operations............. $275.2 266.2 $1.03 ===== Effect of Dilutive Securities Options to purchase common stock.............. -- 10.1 Trust convertible preferred securities........ 6.2 5.4 Restricted stock.............................. -- 0.4 ------ ----- Diluted EPS Income available to common stockholders plus assumed conversions.......................... $281.4 282.1 $1.00 ====== ===== ===== - -------- (1) The diluted share base for fiscal years 2000 and 1999 excludes 2.9 million shares and 8.9 million shares related to options to purchase common stock, respectively, 5.4 million shares related to trust convertible preferred securities in fiscal 2000 and 1999, and 0.3 million shares related to restricted stock in fiscal 1999. Additionally, the income available to common stockholders excludes dividends on convertible preferred securities of $6.2 million in fiscal 2000 and 1999. These amounts are excluded due to their antidilutive effect. As of March 31, 2000, the Company had six stock option plans. The 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan provides grants of nonqualified stock options to employees of the Company, and, until January 1, 1997 to non-employee directors. After January 1, 1997, all non-employee directors receive grants under the 1997 Non-Employee Director's Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan. The 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan F-54 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) provides grants of nonqualified stock options with stock appreciation rights to the Company's Canadian employees. Most grants under the Director's Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan vest immediately on grant date. Most other options generally vest over four years and all options expire ten years after the grant date. Under the plans, options are generally granted at prices not less than the fair value of the stock on the date of grant. In fiscal 1999, two grants were made at below market prices under the 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan. Under the Plans, the Company is authorized to grant up to 71.6 million shares, including 68.4 million for options as of March 31, 2000. In addition to the above-described plans, options have been granted to certain key executives on generally the same terms as those granted under the 1994 Plan. Finally, the Company has assumed options of acquired companies in connection with the acquisition of such companies. The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2000: Options Outstanding Options Exercisable --------------------------------- --------------------- Weighted- Number of Average Weighted- Number of Weighted- Options Remaining Average Options Average Range of Exercise Outstanding Contractual Exercise Exercisable Exercise Prices At Year End Life Price at Year End Price ----------------- ----------- ----------- --------- ----------- --------- (in years) $ 0.01 to $ 9.94...... 3,617,851 3.4 $ 6.24 3,472,095 $ 6.47 $ 10.56 to $ 15.08...... 341,305 4.9 13.12 340,776 13.12 $ 16.23 to $ 24.13...... 11,605,170 9.2 20.53 1,406,631 19.68 $ 24.88 to $ 37.25...... 17,800,286 8.5 29.20 4,167,109 27.33 $ 37.40 to $ 55.92...... 4,718,661 7.0 44.97 3,791,060 45.90 $ 56.15 to $ 83.63...... 17,043,064 8.7 72.16 2,440,171 69.27 $ 85.75 to $113.50...... 1,032,898 8.1 100.56 1,032,898 100.56 $136.74 to $136.74...... 440,001 8.2 136.74 440,001 136.74 ---------- ---------- 56,599,236 8.2 42.25 17,090,741 39.53 ========== ========== Expiration dates range from April 1, 2000 to March 27, 2010. As a result of the change of control of McKesson at the time of the HBOC Transaction on January 12, 1999, most options granted by McKesson which were outstanding on that date vested. Due to certain tax and accounting issues, the vesting for certain officers was postponed until April 22, 1999. The following is a summary of changes in the options for the stock option plans: 2000 1999 1998 --------------------- --------------------- --------------------- Weighted- Weighted- Weighted- Average Average Average Exercise Exercise Exercise Shares Price Shares Price Shares Price ---------- --------- ---------- --------- ---------- --------- Outstanding at beginning of year................ 39,472,342 $55.11 24,156,651 $31.34 24,648,023 $19.39 Granted................. 24,650,681 25.68 21,286,922 75.10 7,478,095 53.17 Exercised............... (1,212,262) 14.92 (3,762,649) 23.79 (6,815,460) 12.77 Canceled................ (6,311,525) 63.23 (2,208,582) 41.21 (1,154,007) 27.15 ---------- ---------- ---------- Outstanding at year end.................... 56,599,236 42.25 39,472,342 55.11 24,156,651 31.34 ========== ========== ========== Pursuant to SFAS No. 123, the Company has elected to account for its stock- based compensation plans under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." Accordingly, no compensation cost has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements for the stock option plans, F-55 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) except an insignificant amount related to the two Canadian grants noted above. Had compensation cost for the stock option plan been recognized based on the fair value at the grant dates for awards under those plans, consistent with the provision of SFAS No. 123, net income and earnings per share would have been as indicated in the table below. Since pro forma compensation cost relates to all periods over which the awards vest, the initial impact on pro forma income from continuing operations may not be representative of compensation cost in subsequent years, when the effect of amortization of multiple awards would be reflected. Years Ended March 31, ------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ------ ----- ----- (in millions, except per share amounts) Income (loss) from continuing operations As reported........................................... $184.6 $60.6 275.2 Pro forma............................................. 82.2 (6.7) 224.1 Earnings (loss) per common share--diluted As reported........................................... $ 0.66 $0.22 $1.00 Pro forma............................................. 0.29 (0.02) 0.82 Earnings (loss) per common share--basic As reported........................................... $ 0.66 $0.22 $1.03 Pro forma............................................. 0.29 (0.02) 0.84 Fair values of the options were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: Years Ended March 31, ---------------- 2000 1999 1998 ---- ---- ---- Expected stock price volatility............................ 46.0% 32.4% 40.4% Expected dividend yield.................................... 1.50% 1.42% 0.64% Risk-free interest rate.................................... 6.1% 4.8% 5.9% Expected life (in years)................................... 5.0 5.0 7.3 The weighted average grant date fair values of the options granted during 2000, 1999 and 1998 were $11.33, $24.06 and $27.54 per share, respectively. Other, within stockholders' equity, includes notes receivable from certain of the Company's current or former officers and senior managers totaling $94.5 million, $99.0 million and $7.2 million at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, related to purchases of Company common stock. Such notes were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are full recourse to the borrower. As of March 31, 2000, $53.7 million of such notes were collateralized by the related stock. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from 4.7% to 8.0% and are due at various dates through February 2005. F-56 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 15. Income Taxes The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following: Years Ended March 31, ---------------------- 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (in millions) Current Federal............................................... $ 62.9 $112.8 $ 99.0 State and local....................................... 19.8 12.8 21.2 Foreign............................................... 13.1 8.8 9.6 ------ ------ ------ Total current....................................... 95.8 134.4 129.8 ------ ------ ------ Deferred Federal............................................... 30.5 (24.2) 43.4 State................................................. (5.7) (7.6) 4.7 Foreign............................................... 1.7 (1.2) -- ------ ------ ------ Total deferred...................................... 26.5 (33.0) 48.1 ------ ------ ------ Total provision..................................... $122.3 $101.4 $177.9 ====== ====== ====== Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Foreign pre-tax earnings were $40.5 million, $24.6 million, and $29.6 million, in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The reconciliation between the Company's effective tax rate on income from continuing operations and the statutory Federal income tax rate follows: Years Ended March 31, ------------------ 2000 1999 1998 ---- ---- ---- Statutory federal income tax rate..................... 35.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit.............................................. 4.6 7.1 4.3 Nondeductible acquisition costs....................... -- 20.7 1.2 Nondeductible amortization............................ 3.0 6.5 1.2 Nontaxable income--life insurance..................... (0.9) (1.7) (0.9) Favorable tax adjustment.............................. -- (5.1) (1.0) Dividends paid deduction--ESOP allocated shares....... (0.2) (0.6) (0.2) Tax-advantaged debt issuance.......................... (0.8) (1.5) (0.2) Other--net............................................ (1.6) (0.1) (0.7) ---- ---- ---- Effective tax rate.................................. 39.1 % 60.3 % 38.7 % ==== ==== ==== Income tax payments were $121.6 million, $175.8 million, and $84.5 million in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. At March 31, 2000, the Company had $40.0 million in cumulative undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company's earnings from these foreign subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, no provision for federal and state income taxes has been made for these earnings. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings is not practicable. Upon distribution of foreign subsidiary earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to both income taxes and withholding taxes payable. F-57 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) As of March 31, the deferred tax balances consisted of the following: 2000 1999 1998 ------- ------- ------- (in millions) Assets Nondeductible accruals for environmental obligations........................................ $ 8.0 $ 7.8 $ 8.9 Receivable reserves................................. 104.1 63.6 31.1 Deferred revenue.................................... 39.9 65.1 50.2 Customer related allowances......................... 76.2 17.2 0.3 Compensation and benefit-related accruals........... 38.8 46.6 19.4 Costs associated with duplicate facility closures and workforce reductions related to acquired businesses......................................... 15.9 7.5 2.4 Loss and credit carryovers.......................... -- -- 39.2 Tax benefit on unrealized loss...................... 23.8 -- -- Other............................................... 13.8 28.3 38.5 ------- ------- ------- Current........................................... 320.5 236.1 190.0 ------- ------- ------- Nondeductible accruals for: Postretirement and postemployment plans........... 87.7 66.5 68.8 Deferred compensation............................. 36.9 33.5 31.1 Costs associated with facility closures, surplus properties and asset write-downs................. 4.5 10.0 7.0 Intangibles......................................... 84.8 65.5 59.8 Loss and credit carryforwards....................... 7.1 67.0 12.5 Other............................................... 11.9 17.3 28.5 ------- ------- ------- Noncurrent........................................ 232.9 259.8 207.7 ------- ------- ------- Total............................................. $ 553.4 $ 495.9 $ 397.7 ======= ======= ======= Liabilities Basis differences for inventory valuation........... $(208.0) $(192.3) $(139.1) Other............................................... (0.6) (1.2) (4.2) ------- ------- ------- Current........................................... (208.6) (193.5) (143.3) ------- ------- ------- Accelerated depreciation............................ (8.3) (22.9) (41.1) Systems development costs........................... (88.7) (83.6) (65.7) Retirement plan..................................... (30.3) (17.3) (13.5) Other............................................... (11.0) (8.9) (4.8) ------- ------- ------- Noncurrent........................................ (138.3) (132.7) (125.1) ------- ------- ------- Total............................................. $(346.9) $(326.2) $(268.4) ======= ======= ======= Total net current--included in prepaid expenses..... $ 111.9 $ 42.6 $ 46.7 ======= ======= ======= Total net noncurrent--included in other assets...... $ 94.6 $ 127.1 $ 82.6 ======= ======= ======= 16. Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits Pension Plans Prior to December 31, 1996, substantially all full-time employees of McKesson were covered under either the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan or by bargaining unit sponsored multi-employer plans. F-58 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) On December 31, 1996, the Company amended the Company-sponsored defined benefit plan to freeze all plan benefits based on each employee's plan compensation and creditable service accrued to that date. Accordingly, employees joining the Company after December 31, 1996, and employees of companies acquired after December 31, 1996, are not eligible for coverage under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. The benefits for such Company-sponsored plans are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of service and employees' pay during the five years prior to retirement. On January 1, 1997, the Company amended the ESOP to provide future additional benefits in place of a portion of those benefits previously provided by the pension plan. The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the Company- sponsored defined benefit retirement plan and executive supplemental retirement plans: 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (in millions) Change in benefit obligations: Benefit obligation at beginning of year........... $349.4 $312.0 $299.9 Service cost...................................... 2.0 0.7 0.7 Interest cost..................................... 24.2 21.7 22.6 Amendments........................................ 5.4 15.0 -- Acquisitions...................................... -- 17.8 -- Actuarial losses (gains).......................... (27.8) 11.0 24.7 Benefit payments.................................. (35.5) (28.8) (35.9) ------ ------ ------ Benefit obligation at end of year................. $317.7 $349.4 $312.0 ====== ====== ====== Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year.... $310.9 $294.0 $262.3 Actual return on plan assets...................... 110.0 42.5 55.4 Employer contributions............................ 9.9 5.3 14.8 Expenses paid..................................... -- (2.1) (2.6) Benefits paid..................................... (35.5) (28.8) (35.9) ------ ------ ------ Fair value of plan assets at end of year.......... $395.3 $310.9 $294.0 ====== ====== ====== Funded status: Funded status at end of year...................... $ 77.6 $(38.5) $(18.0) Unrecognized net actuarial loss (gain)............ (66.0) 30.1 28.8 Unrecognized prior service cost................... 6.1 1.2 1.3 Unrecognized prior service cost-plan amendments... -- 23.0 -- Unrecognized transition obligation................ -- -- (0.3) ------ ------ ------ Prepaid benefit cost.............................. $ 17.7 $ 15.8 $ 11.8 ====== ====== ====== The following table provides the amounts recognized in the Company's consolidated balance sheet: 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (in millions) Prepaid benefit cost............................... $ 48.2 $ 38.5 $ 29.6 Accrued benefit cost............................... (30.5) (22.7) (17.8) Intangible asset................................... 6.0 24.2 1.3 Minimum pension liability--net of tax of $6.1, $6.2, and $6.0.................................... (9.3) (9.6) (9.3) ------ ------ ------ Net amount recognized.............................. $ 14.4 $ 30.4 $ 3.8 ====== ====== ====== F-59 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) The following table provides components of the net periodic pension expense (income) for the Company sponsored defined benefit retirement plan and executive supplemental retirement plans: 2000 1999 1998 ------ ------ ------ (in millions) Service cost--benefits earned during the year.... $ 2.0 $ 0.7 $ 0.7 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation.... 24.2 21.7 22.6 Return on assets................................. (29.3) (27.6) (24.8) Amortization of unrecognized loss and prior service costs................................... 2.7 1.1 0.8 Amortization of unrecognized net transition asset........................................... (0.3) (2.5) Immediate recognition of pension cost............ 8.3(1) ------ ------ ------ Net pension expense (income)................... $ 7.9 $ (4.4) $ (3.2) ====== ====== ====== - -------- (1) Primarily associated with changes in executive management, based on the terms of employment contracts. Assets of the plans are measured on a calendar year basis. The projected unit credit method is utilized for measuring net periodic pension cost over the employees' service life. Costs are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries. The projected benefit obligations for Company-sponsored plans were determined using discount rates of 7.75% at December 31, 1999, 7% at December 31, 1998 and 7.25% at December 31, 1997 and an assumed increase in future compensation levels of 4.0% for all periods. The expected long-term rate of return on assets used to determine pension expense was 9.75% for all periods. The assets of the plan consist primarily of listed common stocks and bonds for which fair value is determined based on quoted market prices. Profit-Sharing Investment Plan Retirement benefits for employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements include a supplementary contributory profit sharing investment plan ("PSIP"). The leveraged ESOP portion of the PSIP has purchased an aggregate of 24.3 million shares of common stock since inception. These purchases have been financed by 10 to 20-year loans from or guaranteed by the Company. The Company's related receivables from the ESOP have been classified as a reduction of stockholders' equity. The loans will be repaid by the ESOP from common dividends on shares not yet allocated to participants, interest earnings on cash balances not yet allocated to participants, common dividends on certain allocated shares and future Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates are identical to the terms of related Company borrowings (see Financial Note 10). After-tax ESOP expense (income), including interest expense on ESOP debt, was $12.4 million, $1.4 million, and $(0.8) million in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The higher ESOP expense in fiscal 2000 was required to maintain a desired level of benefits provided to employees despite a decline in the stock price. Additional tax benefits received on dividends paid on unallocated shares of $1.1 million, $2.2 million, and $2.4 million in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, have been credited directly to retained earnings in accordance with SFAS No. 109. Contribution expense for the PSIP in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 was all ESOP related and is reflected in the amounts above. In fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998 approximately 2,617,000, 642,000, and 808,000 shares, respectively, were allocated to plan participants. Through March 31, 2000, 14.7 million common shares have been allocated to plan participants. At March 31, 2000, 9.6 million common shares in the ESOP Trust had not been allocated to plan participants. F-60 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) Health Care and Life Insurance In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. The Company's policy is to fund these benefits as claims are paid. The benefits have been reduced significantly for those employees retiring after December 31, 1990. In 1989, the Company implemented an ESOP to provide funds at retirement that could be used for medical costs or health care coverage. Expenses for postretirement health care and life insurance benefits consisted of the following: 2000 1999 1998 ----- ----- ----- (in millions) Service cost--benefits earned during the period....... $ 1.1 $ 0.9 $ 0.7 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation......... 8.1 8.4 9.1 Amortization of unrecognized gain and prior service costs................................................ (0.9) (0.9) (0.9) Recognized actuarial gain............................. (0.3) (4.0) (8.0) Settlement gain....................................... -- (4.0) -- ----- ----- ----- Total............................................... $ 8.0 $ 0.4 $ 0.9 ===== ===== ===== The following table presents a reconciliation of the postretirement health care and life insurance benefits obligation at March 31: 2000 1999 1998 ------- ------- ------- (in millions) Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year........ $ 120.7 $ 120.2 $ 122.9 Service cost................................... 1.1 0.9 0.7 Interest cost.................................. 8.1 8.4 9.1 Actuarial loss (gain).......................... 5.4 7.5 (0.7) Settlement..................................... (4.0) -- Benefits paid.................................. (12.3) (12.3) (11.8) ------- ------- ------- Benefit obligation at end of year.............. $ 123.0 $ 120.7 $ 120.2 ======= ======= ======= Funded Status Funded status at end of year................... $(123.0) $(120.7) $(120.2) Unrecognized actuarial loss.................... 10.0 4.4 (7.1) Unrecognized prior service cost................ (7.0) (8.0) (9.0) ------- ------- ------- Accrued post-retirement benefit obligation..... $(120.0) $(124.3) $(136.3) ======= ======= ======= The assumed health care cost trend rates used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 5.0%, 5.0%, and 5.33% at the end of fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The health care cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. Increasing the trend rate by one percentage point would increase the accumulated postretirement health care and life insurance obligation as of March 31, 2000 by $7.1 million and the related fiscal 2000 aggregate service and interest costs by $0.6 million. Decreasing the trend rate by one percentage point would reduce the accumulated postretirement health care and life insurance obligation as of March 31, 2000 by $6.7 million and the related fiscal 2000 aggregate service and interest cost by $0.6 million. The discount rates used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 7.75%, 7% and 7.25% at March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. F-61 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) The Company has an employee discount stock purchase plan for eligible employees. Under such plan, participants may use up to 10% of their annual compensation, up to certain dollar limitations whichever is higher, to purchase, through payroll deductions, the Company's common stock at the end of each plan year for 85% of the lower of the beginning or ending stock price for the plan year. 17. Segments of Business Effective March 31, 1999, the Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information." SFAS No. 131 established standards for the way public business enterprises report information about operating segments in annual financial statements, and also established standards for enterprise-wide disclosure of segment information based on products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined by SFAS No. 131 as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company's chief operating decision makers who determine the allocation of resources and evaluate the financial performance of the operating segments are the Co-Chief Executive Officers. In evaluating financial performance, management focuses on operating profit as a segment's measure of profit or loss. Operating profit is income before interest expense, corporate interest income, taxes on income, and allocation of certain corporate revenues and expenses. The Company's operating segments include Health Care Supply Management, Health Care Information Technology and e-Health. The Company's Corporate division is included in the presentation of reportable segment information since certain revenues and expenses of this division are not allocated separately to the operating segments. The Health Care Supply Management segment includes the Company's U.S. pharmaceutical, health care products and medical-surgical supplies distribution businesses. U.S. Health Care Supply Management operations also include marketing and other support services to pharmaceutical manufacturers, manufacture and sale of automated pharmaceutical dispensing systems for hospitals and retail pharmacies, consulting and outsourcing services to pharmacies, and distribution of first-aid products to industrial and commercial customers. Health Care Supply Management also includes the Company's international distribution operations (including Canada and an equity interest in a Mexican distribution business). The Health Care Information Technology segment delivers enterprise-wide patient care, clinical, financial, managed care, payor and strategic management software solutions, as well as networking technologies, electronic commerce, outsourcing and other services to health care organizations throughout the U.S. and certain foreign countries. The e-Health segment provides internet-based clinical applications for use by physician practices, pharmacy benefit managers, benefit payors, laboratories and pharmacies. The Corporate division includes expenses associated with corporate functions and projects, certain employee benefits, and an inter-segment elimination in fiscal 1999. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. F-62 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) Financial information relating to the Company's reportable operating segments as of and for the years ended March 31, is presented below: 2000 1999 1998 --------- --------- --------- (in millions) Revenues Health Care Supply Management............... $35,513.7 $28,457.7 $20,640.4 Health Care Information Technology.......... 1,207.3 1,538.1 1,429.2 e-Health.................................... 0.4 -- -- Corporate and Other......................... 12.8 32.9(1) 36.1 --------- --------- --------- Total..................................... $36,734.2 $30,028.7 $22,105.7 ========= ========= ========= Operating profit Health Care Supply Management(2)............ $ 508.6 $ 341.6 $ 352.8 Health Care Information Technology.......... 85.2 (31.6) 227.0 e-Health.................................... (13.7) -- -- --------- --------- --------- Total..................................... 580.1 310.0 579.8 Interest--net(3)............................ (107.3) (90.4) (72.7) Corporate and Other......................... (159.7) (51.4) (47.8) --------- --------- --------- Income from continuing operations before taxes on income and dividends on preferred securities of subsidiary trust.................................... $ 313.1 $ 168.2 $ 459.3 ========= ========= ========= Segment assets--at year-end Health Care Supply Management............... $ 8,484.5 $ 6,889.7 $ 5,219.6 Health Care Information Technology.......... 948.2 1,357.3 1,133.9 e-Health.................................... 109.8 -- -- --------- --------- --------- Total..................................... 9,542.5 8,247.0 6,353.5 Corporate and Other: Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities............................... 605.9 261.9 681.5 Other..................................... 224.5 511.1 256.8 --------- --------- --------- Total..................................... $10,372.9 $ 9,020.0 $ 7,291.8 ========= ========= ========= Depreciation and amortization Health Care Supply Management............... $ 89.9 $ 74.4 $ 65.9 Health Care Information Technology.......... 101.6 90.7 74.6 e-Health.................................... 6.6 -- -- Corporate and Other......................... 3.2 5.7 5.4 --------- --------- --------- Total..................................... $ 201.3 $ 170.8 $ 145.9 ========= ========= ========= Expenditures for long-lived assets Health Care Supply Management............... $ 93.8 $ 97.2 $ 82.1 Health Care Information Technology.......... 48.0 79.2 76.9 e-Health.................................... 0.5 -- -- Corporate and Other......................... 2.8 22.8 7.4 --------- --------- --------- Total..................................... $ 145.1 $ 199.2 $ 166.4 ========= ========= ========= F-63 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 2000 1999 1998 --------- --------- --------- (in millions) Revenues by products and services Health Care Supply Management Pharmaceutical Distribution and Services..... $32,808.0 $26,165.5 $18,761.9 Medical-Surgical Distribution and Services... 2,705.7 2,292.2 1,878.5 Health Care Information Technology Software..................................... 209.3 345.0 405.9 Services..................................... 905.0 984.4 809.1 Hardware..................................... 93.0 208.7 214.2 e-Health....................................... 0.4 -- -- Corporate and Other............................ 12.8 32.9(1) 36.1 --------- --------- --------- Total........................................ $36,734.2 $30,028.7 $22,105.7 ========= ========= ========= - -------- (1) Net of $3.0 million inter-segment elimination related to a Health Care Information Technology segment software sale to the Health Care Supply Management segment for use in that segment's consulting and outsourcing business. (2) Includes $16.9 million, $13.3 million and $12.0 million of pre-tax earnings from an equity investment in fiscal 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. (3) Interest expense is shown net of corporate interest income. Revenues, operating profit and long-lived assets by geographic areas: 2000 1999 1998 --------- --------- --------- (in millions) Revenues United States.................................... $34,371.3 $27,966.2 $20,393.3 International(1)................................. 2,362.9 2,062.5 1,712.4 --------- --------- --------- Total.......................................... $36,734.2 $30,028.7 $22,105.7 ========= ========= ========= Operating profit United States.................................... $ 532.5 $ 269.2 $ 553.7 International(1)................................. 47.6 40.8 26.1 --------- --------- --------- Total.......................................... $ 580.1 $ 310.0 $ 579.8 ========= ========= ========= Long-lived assets, at year end United States.................................... $ 515.6 $ 491.1 $ 404.7 International(1)................................. 39.8 38.5 43.9 --------- --------- --------- Total.......................................... $ 555.4 $ 529.6 $ 448.6 ========= ========= ========= - -------- (1) International represents a wholly-owned subsidiary which distributes pharmaceuticals in Canada, an equity investment in a pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico, and an information technology business in the United Kingdom. F-64 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 18. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities I. Accounting Litigation Since the Company's announcements in April, May and July of 1999 that the Company determined certain software sales transactions in its Information Technology Business unit, formerly HBOC, were improperly recorded as revenue and reversed, and as of June 1, 2000, seventy-nine lawsuits have been filed in various state and federal courts throughout the nation against the Company, certain of its current or former officers or directors, and in some of the cases other defendants, including Bear Stearns & Co., Inc. and Arthur Andersen LLP. A. Federal Actions Sixty-one of these actions have been filed in Federal Court (the "Federal Actions"). Of these, fifty-eight were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, one in the Northern District of Illinois (which has been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice), one in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (which has been transferred to the Northern District of California), and one in the Western District of Louisiana. On November 2, 1999, the Honorable Ronald M. Whyte of the Northern District of California issued an order consolidating fifty-three of the Federal Actions into one action entitled In re McKesson HBOC, Inc. Securities Litigation (Case No. C-99-20743 RMW) (the "Consolidated Action"). On December 22, 1999, Judge Whyte appointed the New York State Common Retirement Fund as lead plaintiff ("Lead Plaintiff") and approved Lead Plaintiff's choice of counsel. Judge Whyte's December 22 order also consolidated another class action, Jacobs v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (C-99-21192 RMW), into the Consolidated Action. By order dated February 7, 2000, Judge Whyte coordinated an action alleging ERISA claims, Chang v. McKesson HBOC, Inc., et al. (Case No. C-00-20030 RMW) and a derivative action, Cohen v. McCall et al. (Case No. C-99-20916 RMW) with the Consolidated Action. On February 25, 2000, Lead Plaintiff filed an Amended and Consolidated Class Action Complaint (the "Consolidated Complaint"). The Consolidated Complaint names as defendants the Company, certain of its current or former officers or directors, Arthur Andersen LLP and Bear Stearns & Co., Inc. The Consolidated Complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated the federal securities laws in connection with the events leading to the Company's need to restate its financial statements. The Consolidated Complaint seeks (i) a declaration that the action is maintainable as a class action and that the Lead Plaintiff is a proper class representative, (ii) unspecified compensatory damages, (iii) costs and expenses of suit including reasonable attorneys' fees, and (iv) any other relief deemed proper by the Court. On April 25, 2000, the Company filed a motion to dismiss and/or to strike portions of the Consolidated Complaint. Lead Plaintiff has not yet filed a written opposition to the Company's motion to dismiss, which is scheduled to be heard by the Court on September 15, 2000. Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, all discovery is stayed in the Consolidated Action during the pendency of this motion. On April 27, 2000, Lead Plaintiff in the Consolidated Action filed a purported class action complaint against HBOC in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Case No. C-99-00 20472 PVT). The complaint incorporates by reference the allegations and causes of action set out in the Consolidated Complaint, and seeks to hold HBOC directly liable for the wrongful conduct alleged in the complaint in the event the Court determines that the Company is not the successor in interest to HBOC. No response has yet been filed to the complaint. Two other actions, Bea v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. C-00-20072 RMW), and Cater v. McKesson Corporation et al. (Case No. C-00-20327 RMW), have also been filed in the Northern District of F-65 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) California. By stipulation, Bea has been consolidated with the Consolidated Action and Cater has been stayed pending the resolution of the Company's motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint. One other action, Baker v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CV 00-0522) has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The Company has moved to transfer Baker to the Northern District of California, or alternatively, to stay pending the outcome of the Consolidated Action. Finally, one additional action, Rosenberg v. McCall et al. (Case No. 1:99-CV-1447 JEC) was filed in the Northern District of Georgia and subsequently transferred to the Northern District of California, but that action names only two former officers and does not name the Company. B. State Actions Eighteen actions have also been filed in various state courts in California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana and Pennsylvania (the "State Actions"). Like the Consolidated Action, the State Actions generally allege misconduct by the defendants in connection with the events leading to the Company's need to restate its financial statements. Two of the State Actions are derivative actions: Ash, et al. v. McCall, et al. (Del C.A. No. 17132) filed in the Delaware Chancery Court, and Mitchell v. McCall et al. (Case. No. 304415) filed in California Superior Court, City and County of San Francisco. The Company has moved to dismiss both of these actions. Five of the State Actions are class actions. Three of these were filed in Delaware Chancery Court: Derdiger v. Tallman et al. (Case No. 17276), Carroll v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 17454), and Kelly v. McKesson HBOC, Inc., et. al. (Case No. 17282-NC); and two were filed in Delaware Superior Court: Edmondson v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 99-951) and Caravetta v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 00C-04-214 WTQ). The Carroll and Kelly actions have been voluntarily dismissed without prejudice. The Company has removed Edmondson to Federal Court in Delaware, and plaintiffs filed a motion to remand, which is pending. The Company has moved to stay Derdiger, and has moved to dismiss the Caravetta complaint. Eleven of the State Actions are individual actions which have been filed in various state courts. Four of these were filed in the California Superior Court, City and County of San Francisco: Yurick v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 303857), The State of Oregon by and through the Oregon Public Employees Retirement Board v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 307619), Utah State Retirement Board v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311269), and Minnesota State Board of Investment v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 311747). The Court has sustained the Company's demurrer to the Yurick action without leave to amend with respect to all causes of action except the claims for common law fraud and negligent misrepresentation. The Court sustained the Company's demurrer to these causes of action with leave to amend. The Court has also stayed Yurick pending the commencement of discovery in the Consolidated Action. By stipulation of the parties and order of the Court, all proceedings other than motions to test the sufficiency of the complaint in Oregon have been stayed pending the commencement of discovery in the Consolidated Action. The Company has moved to dismiss the amended complaint in Oregon, and has until June 20, 2000 to respond to the complaints in Utah and Minnesota. Three actions have been filed in Georgia State Court: Moulton v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 98-13176-9), Powell v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. e. al. (Case No. 1999-CV-15443), and Adler v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 99-C-7980-3). The Company has answered the Moulton and Adler complaints, and Powell has been dismissed without prejudice. One action has been filed in Delaware Superior Court, Kelly v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. 99C-09-265 WCC), one in the Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas, Chester County, Grant v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. (Case No. 99-03978), one in Colorado District Court, Boulder County, American Healthcare Fund II v. HBO & Company et al. (Case No. 00-CV-1762), and one in Louisiana State Court, Rapides Parish, Baker v. McKesson HBOC, Inc. et al. (Case No. CV-199018-A). The Company has moved to dismiss the complaints in Kelly, Grant and American Healthcare Fund II, and has removed Baker to Federal Court in Louisiana. F-66 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) In addition, the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California and the San Francisco District Office of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") have also commenced investigations in connection with the matters relating to the restatement of previously reported amounts for HBOC described above. These investigations are ongoing. The Company does not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of these proceedings, or to estimate the amounts of, or potential range of, loss with respect to these proceedings. In addition, the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. II. Other Litigation and Claims In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for product liability and other damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of the Company's business. These include: A. Antitrust Matters The Company currently is a defendant in numerous civil antitrust actions filed since 1993 in federal and state courts by retail pharmacies. The federal cases have been coordinated for pretrial purposes in the United States District Court in the Northern District of Illinois and are known as MDL 997. MDL 997 consists of a consolidated class action (the "Federal Class Action") as well as approximately 109 additional actions brought by approximately 3,500 individual retail, chain and supermarket pharmacies (the "Individual Actions"). There are numerous other defendants in these actions including several pharmaceutical manufacturers and several other wholesale distributors. These cases allege, in essence, that the defendants have violated the Sherman Act by conspiring to fix the prices of brand name pharmaceuticals sold to plaintiffs at artificially high, and non-competitive levels, especially as compared with the prices charged to mail order pharmacies, managed care organizations and other institutional buyers. On January 19, 1999, the District Court entered its written opinion and judgment granting defendants' motion for a judgment as a matter of law. On July 13, 1999, the Seventh Circuit affirmed the District Court's judgment as to the dismissal of the claims against the wholesalers. The Individual Actions, which are still pending in the Northern District of Illinois for pre-trial purposes, will be remanded to their original transferor jurisdictions for trial. The wholesalers' motion for partial summary judgment that they should not be liable for any damages resulting from drugs sold prior to four years from the October 1997 amended complaints in those cases was granted. Most of the individual cases brought by chain stores have been settled. The currently pending state court antitrust cases against the Company are in California, Mississippi and Tennessee. The state cases are based essentially on the same facts alleged in the Federal Class Action and Individual Actions and assert violations of state antitrust and/or unfair competition laws. The case in California (referred to as Coordinated Special Proceeding, Pharmaceutical Cases, I, II & III) is pending in Superior Court for the State of California, City and County of San Francisco. A class of retail pharmacies has been certified and the case is trailing MDL 997. The case in Mississippi (Montgomery Drug Co., et al. v. The Upjohn Co., et al.) is pending in the Chancery Court of Prentiss County, Mississippi. The Chancery Court has held that the case may not be maintained as a class action. The Tennessee case, filed in Knoxville, is a class action on behalf of consumers who purchased brand-name drugs from retail stores in fourteen states. The claims, brought under Tennessee law, allege deceptive trade practices, conspiracy to fix prices, price discrimination and fraudulent F-67 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) concealment. On July 6, 1998, the court conditionally certified the case as a multi-state class action. A motion to dismiss the complaint is pending on the grounds, among others, that (i) plaintiff class members are indirect purchasers and are not entitled to bring an action against the wholesalers and manufacturers, and (ii) the state antitrust statutes on which the class relied do not apply to interstate commerce. A motion is also pending for permission to file an interlocutory appeal from the order denying defendants' motion to vacate the order granting conditional class certification. In each of the cases, plaintiffs seek remedies in the form of injunctive relief and unquantified monetary damages, attorneys' fees and costs. Plaintiffs in the California cases also seek restitution. In addition, treble damages are sought in the Federal Class Action, the Individual Actions, the California case and the Tennessee case and statutory penalties of $500 per violation are sought in the Mississippi case. The Company has entered into a judgment sharing agreement with certain pharmaceutical manufacturer defendants, which provides generally that the Company (together with the other wholesale distributor defendants) will be held harmless by such pharmaceutical manufacturer defendants and will be indemnified against the costs of adverse judgments, if any, against the wholesaler and manufacturers in these or similar actions, in excess of $1 million in the aggregate per wholesale distributor defendant. B. FoxMeyer Litigation In January 1997, the Company and twelve pharmaceutical manufacturers (the "Manufacturer Defendants") were named as defendants in the matter of FoxMeyer Health Corporation vs. McKesson, et al. filed in the District Court in Dallas County, Texas ("the Texas Action"). Plaintiff (the parent corporation of FoxMeyer Drug Company and FoxMeyer Corporation, collectively "FoxMeyer Corporation") alleges that, among other things, the Company (i) defrauded Plaintiff, (ii) competed unfairly and tortiously interfered with FoxMeyer Corporation's business operations, and (iii) conspired with the Manufacturer Defendants, all in order to destroy FoxMeyer Corporation's business, restrain trade and monopolize the marketplace, and allow the Company to purchase that business at a distressed price. Plaintiff seeks relief against all defendants in the form of compensatory damages of at least $400 million, punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs. The Company answered the complaint, denying the allegations and removed the case to federal bankruptcy court in Dallas. In March 1997, the Company and the Manufacturer Defendants filed a complaint in intervention against FoxMeyer Health (now known as Avatex Corporation) in the action filed against Avatex by the FoxMeyer Unsecured Creditors Committee in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint in intervention seeks declaratory relief and an order enjoining Avatex from pursuing the Texas Action. In November 1998, the Delaware court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment as to the first three counts asserted in the Texas Action on the ground of judicial estoppel. The Company filed a renewed motion of summary judgment on the four remaining counts of Avatex's complaint in the Texas Action which was denied without prejudice by the Delaware court on August 9, 1999. In addition, the Company filed cross-claims against the Trustee and debtors seeking the same relief as sought in the Company's complaint against Avatex. Based on the order granting summary judgment as to the first three counts, the Texas bankruptcy court dismissed those counts with prejudice and ordered the Texas Action remanded to state court. On November 30, 1998, the Company and the other Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the District Court from the remand ruling as well as the August 1997 ruling denying defendants' motion to transfer the Texas Action to Delaware. In addition, the Company has filed a counter-claim and cross-claim against Avatex and Messrs. Estrin, Butler and Massman in the Texas Action, asserting various claims of misrepresentation and breach of contract. The District Court upheld the remand order and denied as moot the appeal from the denying transfer. A cross-appeal by Avatex from the order dismissing the three counts with prejudice is still pending. The Company and several of the other defendants appealed to the Court of Appeals the ruling upholding the order denying transfer but F-68 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) subsequently moved to dismiss the appeal with prejudice, which motion was granted and the appeal was dismissed on October 4, 1999. As a result, the Texas Action is now pending in Texas state court, and the parties presently are engaged in discovery on the merits of the various claims asserted in the Texas Action. C. Product Liability Litigation The Company has been named as a defendant, or has received from customers tenders of defense, in twenty-nine pending cases alleging injury due to the diet drug combination of fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine and phentermine. All of the cases are pending in the state courts of California, Idaho, Missouri, Nevada and Nebraska. The Company has tendered the cases to the manufacturers of the drugs and is currently defending the cases pending resolution of its negotiations with the manufacturers. Certain subsidiaries of the Company (i.e. MGM and RedLine, collectively the "Subsidiaries") are defendants in approximately fifty cases in which plaintiffs claim that they were injured due to exposure, over many years, to the latex proteins in gloves manufactured by numerous manufacturers and distributed by a number of distributors, including the Subsidiaries. Efforts to resolve tenders of defense to their suppliers are continuing. The Subsidiaries' insurers are providing coverage for these cases, subject to the applicable deductibles. There are five remaining state court class actions in New York, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina and Texas filed against MGM on behalf of all health care workers in those states who suffered accidental needle sticks that exposed them to potentially contaminated bodily fluids, arising from MGM's distribution of allegedly defective syringes. MGM's suppliers of the syringes are also named defendants in these actions. The tender of these cases has been accepted by the two major suppliers. By this acceptance, these suppliers are paying for separate distributors' counsel and have agreed to fully indemnify the Company for any judgments in these cases arising from its distribution of their products. D. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of its former chemical businesses, which were divested in fiscal 1987, the Company is involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations: The Company has received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial action purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at five sites where the Company (or entities acquired by the Company) formerly conducted operations; and the Company, by administrative order or otherwise, has agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. The current estimate (determined by the Company's environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel) of the upper limit of the Company's range of reasonably possible remediation costs for these five sites is approximately $17 million, net of approximately $3.5 million which third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or which the Company expects, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $17 million is expected to be paid out between April 2000 and March 2029 and is included in the Company's recorded environmental liabilities at March 31, 2000. In addition, the Company has been designated as a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the "Superfund" law or its state law equivalent) for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of the Company's alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 18 sites. With respect to each of these sites, numerous F-69 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) other PRPs have similarly been designated and, while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. The Company's estimated liability at those 18 PRP sites is approximately $2 million and is included in the Company's recorded environmental liabilities at March 31, 2000. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by the Company in Superfund matters to date has not been significant. The potential costs to the Company related to environmental matters is uncertain due to such factors as: the unknown magnitude of possible pollution and cleanup costs; the complexity and evolving nature of governmental laws and regulations and their interpretations; the timing, varying costs and effectiveness of alternative cleanup technologies; the determination of the Company's liability in proportion to other PRPs; and the extent, if any, to which such costs are recoverable from insurance or other parties. Except as specifically stated above with respect to the litigation matters arising from the Company's restatement of previously reported amounts for the Information Technology Business unit (section I above), management believes, based on current knowledge and the advice of the Company's counsel, that the outcome of the litigation and governmental proceedings discussed above will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. F-70 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) 19. Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited) First Second Third Fourth Fiscal Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year -------- --------- --------- -------- --------- (in millions except per share amounts) Fiscal 2000 Revenues................ $8,598.8 $ 8,939.4 $ 9,890.9 $9,305.1 $36,734.2 Gross profit............ 576.3 569.5 565.1 611.5 2,322.4 Income (loss) after taxes Continuing operations........... 62.9(1) 49.3(2) 160.6(3) (88.2)(4) 184.6 Discontinued operations........... 7.2 10.0 6.2 (0.2) 23.2 Discontinued operations--Gain on sale of McKesson Water Products Company.............. -- -- -- 515.9 515.9 -------- --------- --------- -------- --------- Total............. $ 70.1 $ 59.3 $ 166.8 $ 427.5 $ 723.7 ======== ========= ========= ======== ========= Earnings (loss) per common share Diluted Continuing operations......... $ 0.22 $ 0.18 $ 0.56 $ (0.31) $ 0.66 Discontinued operations......... 0.03 0.03 0.02 -- 0.08 Discontinued operations--Gain on sale of McKesson Water Products Company............ -- -- -- 1.83 1.83 -------- --------- --------- -------- --------- Total............. $ 0.25 $ 0.21 $ 0.58 $ 1.52 $ 2.57 ======== ========= ========= ======== ========= Basic Continuing operations........... $ 0.22 $ 0.18 $ 0.57 $ (0.31) $ 0.66 Discontinued operations......... 0.03 0.03 0.02 -- 0.08 Discontinued operations--Gain on sale of McKesson Water Products Company............ -- -- -- 1.83 1.83 -------- --------- --------- -------- --------- Total............. $ 0.25 $ 0.21 $ 0.59 $ 1.52 $ 2.57 ======== ========= ========= ======== ========= Cash dividends per common share......... $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.06 $ 0.24 Market prices per common share High................ $ 69 1/4 $34 15/16 $28 13/16 $28 1/16 $ 69 1/4 Low................. 30 3/4 27 3/16 18 9/16 18 1/4 18 1/4 F-71 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Continued) First Second Third Fourth Fiscal Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year --------- -------- -------- -------- --------- (in millions except per share amounts) Fiscal 1999 Revenues................ $ 6,200.3 $7,232.2 $8,287.5 $8,308.7 $30,028.7 Gross profit............ 550.7 553.7 610.5 684.3 2,399.2 Income (loss) after taxes Continuing operations........... 62.1(5)(6) 15.5(6) 45.1(6) (62.1)(6) 60.6 Discontinued operations........... 7.0 10.8 5.6 0.9 24.3 --------- -------- -------- -------- --------- Total............. $ 69.1 $ 26.3 $ 50.7 $ (61.2) $ 84.9 ========= ======== ======== ======== ========= Earnings (loss) per common share Diluted Continuing operations......... $ 0.22 $ 0.06 $ 0.16 $ (0.22) $ 0.22 Discontinued operations......... 0.03 0.04 0.02 -- 0.09 --------- -------- -------- -------- --------- Total............. $ 0.25 $ 0.10 $ 0.18 $ (0.22) $ 0.31 ========= ======== ======== ======== ========= Basic Continuing operations......... $ 0.23 $ 0.06 $ 0.16 $ (0.22) $ 0.22 Discontinued operations......... 0.02 0.04 0.02 -- 0.09 --------- -------- -------- -------- --------- Total............. $ 0.25 $ 0.10 $ 0.18 $ (0.22) $ 0.31 ========= ======== ======== ======== ========= Cash dividends per common share......... $ 0.125 $ 0.125 $ 0.125 $ 0.06 $ 0.435 Market prices per common share High................ $85 13/16 $ 96 1/4 $ 96 $ 89 3/4 $ 96 1/4 Low................. 57 5/8 73 5/8 66 1/2 52 1/4 52 1/4 - -------- (1) Includes pre-tax charges of $6.3 million incurred in the quarter in connection with the restatement of prior years' financial results and resulting litigation. Also includes $18.5 million in severance and benefit costs resulting from the change in executive management and $1.7 million in retention benefits incurred in the quarter, $16.3 million in the aggregate after-tax. (2) Includes pre-tax charges of $8.7 million incurred in connection with the restatement of prior years' financial statements and resulting litigation, $12.1 million in severance and other costs associated with former employees and $2.9 million in acquisition-related costs, $14.6 million in the aggregate after-tax. (3) Includes pre-tax charges for receivable reserves and asset impairments in the Health Care Supply Management segment totaling $30.3 million related primarily to a prior year implementation of a contract system, partially offset by a $5.7 million reduction in prior year restructuring reserves. Also includes net gains of $256.0 million primarily from the exchange and subsequent sale of Health Care Information Technology segment's equity investments. These gains are offset in part, by a charge of $68.5 million for a change in estimate of the segment's requirements for accounts receivable and customer reserves. Also includes a charge of $1.5 million in the e-Health segment for the write-off of purchased in-process technology related to the Company's November 1999 acquisition of Abaton.com. In addition, includes pre-tax charges of $2.4 million for accounting and legal fees and other costs incurred in connection with the Company's earlier restatement of prior years' financial results and resulting litigation and $0.7 million in acquisition-related costs. These aggregate to $100.1 million in after-tax income. (4) Includes pre-tax charges totaling $240.9 million for Health Care Information Technology segment charges for asset impairments, customer reserves and severance primarily associated with product streamlining and reorganization. These charges are offset in part, by net gains in the segment totaling $11.0 primarily from F-72 McKESSON HBOC, INC. FINANCIAL NOTES--(Concluded) the exchange and subsequent sale of equity investments. In addition, includes pre-tax charges of $1.2 million for asset impairments in the Health Care Supply Management segment related to a prior year implementation of a contract system. Also includes a pre-tax charge of $2.9 million for severance and exit-related charges primarily associated with segment staff reductions and income of $0.9 million related to reductions in prior year restructuring reserves. Also includes corporate pre-tax charges of $2.5 million for accounting and legal fees and other costs incurred in connection with the Company's earlier restatement of prior years' financial results and resulting litigation, costs associated with former employees and other acquisition-related costs. These items total $149.6 million, after-tax. (5) Includes pre-tax and after-tax charges of $4.9 million for the terminated merger with AmeriSource Health Corporation. (6) Includes charges associated with acquisitions in the Health Care Supply Management and Health Care Information Technology segments of $10.4 million pre-tax ($6.1 million after-tax) in the first quarter, $70.9 million pre-tax ($44.6 million after-tax) in the second quarter, $60.3 million pre-tax ($41.0 million after-tax) in the third quarter and $249.4 million pre-tax ($189.2 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter. These charges include transaction costs, employee benefit change in control provisions, employee severance, restructuring, integration and system installation costs associated with acquisition-related activities. F-73
Exhibit 10.1 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT -------------------- THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of 8/1/99 (the "Effective Date"), by and between McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Post Street, San Francisco, California, and Alan Seelenfreund ("Executive"). RECITALS -------- A. The Company, in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and B. The Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on an exclusive basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the ---------- Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment ----------------------------- hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. 3. Term and Duties. --------------- (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive's employment under this ------------------ Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until June 30, 2001. (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for ------ illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote his best efforts and all his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"); provided, however, that, with the approval of -------- ------- the Board, Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in such officer's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement. The Company shall retain full direction and control of the means and methods by which Executive performs the services for which he is employed hereunder. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of California, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board, but are to be rendered primarily at the Company's principal place of business at One Post Street in San Francisco, California. Unless and until otherwise mutually agreed to between the Company and Executive, Executive shall be at liberty to maintain his residence in the San Francisco Bay Area, State of California. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits. ---------------------------------------------------------- (a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, ------------ Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Commit- 2 tee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in subparagraph (c) below), for each of the Company's fiscal years ending during the term of this Agreement, Executive's Individual Target Award shall be 100% of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse ------------------------- Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations hereunder. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. (c) Other Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, -------------- Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company's management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, 1989 Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan ("ESBP"), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner or in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder. 5. Stock Options. Executive will be granted on or about August 16, 1999, a ------------- non-qualified stock option to purchase One Million (1,000,000) shares of the Company's common stock, at a per share exercise price equal to the fair 3 market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant (the "Grant Date"), which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) on the anniversary of the Grant Date and one hundred percent (100%) on June 30, 2001. Such option will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement). 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. ----------------------------------------- (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of this Agreement, Executive ------------------- shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the -------------- term of this Agreement, Executive's salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive's surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive's designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive's death occurs. Thereafter, all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. The provisions of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect any ----------- rights of Executive's heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, ESBP, Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. ---------------------------------------------------- (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the term of his -------------- employment hereunder, he will engage in no other business activities, directly or indirectly, which are or may be competitive with or which might place him in a competing position to that of the Company, or 4 any affiliated company, without the prior written consent of the Board. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges -------------------------------------------- and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information (as defined in subparagraph (c) hereof), of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company either during or after the term of this Agreement. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company's business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company's or the affiliated company's premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, -------------------------------- "Confidential Information" means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, or the Company's or any of its affiliated company's customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, includ- 5 ing computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development by the Company or any of its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive, (B) was available to him on a non-confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its agents, creditors, suppliers, lessors, lessees or customers. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is --------------- essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from: (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (iii) soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of his employment hereunder, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (x) hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated 6 companies; and (y) solicit, aid in or encourage the solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, service, or contact any person or entity which is, or was, within three years prior to the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company of any of its affiliated companies. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) two (2) years following termination of Executive's employment for any reason or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or ----------------- threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. 8. Termination. ----------- (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the --------- Company may, without liability, terminate Executive's employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time upon written notice from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate; provided, however, that such written notice shall -------- ------- not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, if curable, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. As used herein, the term "Cause" shall mean (i) Executive's willful misconduct, habitual neglect, dishonesty or other intentional actions (or failures to act) which are materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or 7 (ii) a material breach by Executive of one or more terms of this Agreement. (b) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a termination ------------------------------------- for Cause pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, the Company shall continue to pay Executive's then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company's action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 10(d) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to this subparagraph 8(b), following termination of employment. (c) Other than for Cause; Performance, Reorganization. Notwithstanding ------------------------------------------------- anything herein to the contrary, the Company may also terminate Executive's employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Board, provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Board, (ii) should Executive's position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or (iii) for any other reason or reasons. (d) Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. ------------------------------------------------------- i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(a) above and the Company's action is affirmed as specified in subparagraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in subparagraph (d)(iii)), then all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive's rights, if any, under the Company's employee and executive benefit plans shall be deter- 8 mined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans; ii) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(c) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason prior to the expiration of this Agreement, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company's Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder, the Company shall, provided Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof, and except as provided in Paragraph 10(c) below, (A) continue Executive's then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the term of this Agreement, (B) continue Executive's incentive award compensation under the terms of the Company's MIP for each fiscal year ending with or within the term of this Agreement, such MIP awards to be equal, in each case, to Executive's Individual Target Award existing at the time of his termination of employment, (C) accelerate the vesting of all stock options granted to Executive, (D) continue Executive's automobile allowance until the expiration date of this Agreement and (E) terminate Executive's participation in the Company's tax- qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. iii) For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive's functions, duties or responsibilities, which change would cause Executive's position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date; (B) any significant reduction in Executive's base salary, other than a reduction effected as part of an across-the- board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Company; (C) any material 9 failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the Company's requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive's responsibilities; or (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company. 9. Excise Tax Payment. ------------------ (a) If, during the term of this Agreement, the benefits received by Executive hereunder (the "Total Payments") are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (the "Excise Tax"), the Company shall pay to the Executive an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") such that the net amount retained by the Executive, after deduction of any Excise Tax on the benefits received hereunder and any Federal, state and local income and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the Total Payments. (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments" (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to the Executive and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company's independent auditor (the "Auditor"), such payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all "excess parachute payments" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the Base Amount allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be deter- 10 mined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of the Executive's residence on the date of termination (or if there is no date of termination, then the date on which the Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Paragraph 9(b)), net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive shall repay to the Company, within fifteen (15) business days following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction (plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid by the Executive, to the extent that such repayment results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the Executive's taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at 120% of the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), the Company shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by the Executive with respect to such excess) within fifteen (15) business days following the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. The Executive and the Company shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments. 11 10. General Provisions. ------------------ (a) Executive's rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement between the parties of even date herewith) and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. Nothing whatsoever in this Agreement shall diminish, impair, or in any manner adversely affect Executive's right to receive any benefits that Executive had accrued or to which he was otherwise entitled as of the date immediately prior to the Effective Date as a result of his previous employment by, or retirement from, the Company. (c) In the event Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate under circumstances otherwise providing Executive with a right to benefits under both Section 5 of the Termination Agreement and Paragraph 8(d)(ii) of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the benefits provided therein or herein, ------- calculated individually, without duplication. (d) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph in connection with any termination of Executive's employment shall take place in San Francisco, California at the earliest 12 possible date. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements, not to exceed in the aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. (e) Executive expressly relinquishes any rights to renewed participation in the Company's 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan. (f) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (g) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (h) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation By /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson ------------------------ Senior Vice President 13 ATTEST: /s/ Kristina Veaco /s/ Alan Seelenfreund - ------------------------------ --------------------------------- Assistant Secretary Executive By the Authority of the Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc. on July 12, 1999. 14
Exhibit 10.2 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), effective as of June 21, 1999 (the "Effective Date"), by and between McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Post Street, San Francisco, California, and John H. Hammergren ("Executive"). RECITALS -------- A. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have previously entered into that certain employment agreement dated as of March 31, 1999 (the "Old Employment Agreement"). B. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have previously entered into an agreement providing for the payment of severance benefits to Executive in connection with his termination following a Change in Control (as defined in Paragraph 9(c) below) of the Company, dated January 31, 1996 (the "Termination Agreement"). C. WHEREAS, a Change in Control of the Company occurred under the Termination Agreement on January 12, 1999 (the "1999 Change in Control") D. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Old Employment Agreement and to incorporate into this Agreement the terms of such amendment and restatement the terms of the Termination Agreement as it applies with regard to any Change in Control. E. WHEREAS, the Company, in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and F. WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the ---------- Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment ----------------------------- hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in such other senior corporate executive capacities consistent with such position as may be specified from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall report directly to the Board. 3. Term and Duties. --------------- (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive's employment under this ------------------ Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2004 (the "Term"). Prior to the expiration of the Term, the Company shall offer to extend the Term of the Agreement effective as of the expiration of the Term on terms and conditions that are identical to the terms and conditions contained herein except that such extended agreement shall not obligate the Company to pay a Sign-On Bonus (as defined below) or Retention Bonus (as defined below) and the extended agreement shall not be subject to further extension. If Executive rejects such extension and the Agreement expires, the expiration of the Term shall be treated as a voluntary resignation entitling Executive to the amounts and benefits, if any, set forth in Paragraph 9(a) as of the end of the Term. If (i) the Company fails to offer to extend the term of the Agreement or (ii) the terms and conditions of the extension are not identical (except as set forth above) to the terms and conditions set forth herein and Executive rejects such extension, the expiration of the Term shall be treated as a termination other than for Cause (as defined 2 in Paragraph 8 below) entitling Executive to the amounts and benefits set forth in Paragraph 9(b) or (c), as the case may be, as of the end of the Term. (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for ------ illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board; provided, however, -------- ------- that, (i) with the approval of the Board (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, for profit companies or organizations, which, in the Board's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) Executive may devote a portion of his time to the management of his personal affairs or involvement in charitable activities, which activities shall not materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of California, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board, but are to be rendered primarily at the Company's principal place of business at One Post Street in San Francisco, California. Unless and until otherwise mutually agreed to between the Company and Executive, Executive shall be at liberty to maintain his residence in the San Francisco Bay Area, State of California. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits. ---------------------------------------------------------- (a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, ------------ Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized 3 Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the Term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in subparagraph (c) below), for each of the Company's fiscal years ending during the Term of this Agreement, Executive's Individual Target Award shall be 100% of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the Term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse ------------------------- Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations hereunder. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. (c) Other Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, -------------- Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment available to any other Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company and generally available to other members of the Company's management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, 1989 Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), Long Term Incentive Plan, 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan ("EBRP"), 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan ("ESBP"), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner or in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder or any entitlement provided for hereunder. To the extent specific provisions of this Agreement that relate to other plans or arrangements of the Company are more favor- 4 able than the terms and conditions set forth in such other plan or arrangement of the Company, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. Additionally, to the extent any other plan or arrangement of the Company contains provisions regarding noncompetition, unauthorized use of confidential information, or nonsolicitation, such provisions shall not be deemed to have been violated by Executive except to the extent his activities would also constitute a violation of similar provisions contained herein. 5. Initial Incentive Grants. Executive has received or will receive the ------------------------ following initial incentive awards specified below: (a) Sign-On/Retention Bonus. Executive has received a special, one-time ----------------------- sign-on bonus in the amount of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000.00) (the "Sign-On Bonus"). Executive has also received a special one-time retention bonus in the amount of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000.00) (the "Retention Bonus") to be retained by Executive if and only if he remains employed by the Company on March 31, 2000, or his employment terminates earlier as a result of his death, disability, a termination by the Company other than for Cause or a termination by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Paragraph 8(c)). Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the event he voluntarily leaves the Company's employment (other than for Good Reason) or if he is terminated by the Company for Cause prior to March 31, 2000, he shall promptly (and in no event later than thirty (30) days following cessation of employment) return the Retention Bonus (i.e., $750,000.00) to the Company. ---- (b) Stock Options. Executive has received a non-qualified stock option to ------------- purchase One Million (1,000,000) shares of the Company's common stock, which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) at January 29, 2001, seventy-five percent (75%) at January 29, 2002, and one hundred percent (100%) at January 29, 2003. Such option shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the plan or arrangement pursuant to which it was issued in all respects; except that (i) to the extent vested, such option will remain exercisable until its expiration date unless Executive is terminated by the Company for Cause; (ii) provisions regarding noncompetition, use of confidential 5 information, and nonsolicitation shall not be deemed to have been violated except to the extent such activities would also constitute a violation of similar provisions contained herein and (iii) the provisions regarding acceleration of vesting and exercisability set forth in the termination sections of this Agreement shall be applicable. (c) LTIP Cash Award. The Company has granted to Executive a Long-Term --------------- Incentive Plan award of Ten Million dollars ($10,000,000), payable, if earned, fifty percent (50%) at March 31, 2002, and fifty percent (50%) at March 31, 2004 (the "LTIP Award"). Executive acknowledges that payments of the award are contingent and based upon the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR"). Full awards will be paid if, at the end of each measurement period, the TSR is at or above the 75/th/ percentile of the S&P 500 (excluding therefrom financial institutions). Partial awards will be paid as follows: 75% if TSR is between the 60/th/ and 75/th/ percentile; 50% if TSR is between the 50/th/ and 60/th/ percentile; and 25% if TSR is below the 50/th/ percentile. (d) Executive was granted on August 16, 1999 (the "Grant Date"), a non- qualified stock option to purchase Two Million (2,000,000) shares of the Company's common stock, at a per share exercise price of $29.8125 which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) on the second anniversary of the Grant Date, seventy-five percent (75%) on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and one hundred percent (100%) on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Such option shall otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan and the terms and conditions set forth in the form of agreement evidencing the stock option referenced in subparagraph (b) above, as adjusted by the provisions of subparagraph, b(i), (b)(ii) and (b)(iii), provided that with regard to -------- (b)(i), the period shall be the lesser of three years or the expiration date. (e) Housing Loan. Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that ------------ the terms and conditions of the housing loan between Executive and the Company remain in full force and effect. 6 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. ----------------------------------------- (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of Executive's employment ------------------- hereunder, Executive shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company's obligations hereunder (other than as provided herein) shall cease and terminate. Following the expiration of such 12-month period, Executive shall be eligible to receive his benefits pursuant to the EBRP calculated at the maximum level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in the EBRP) without regard to any reduction for early retirement. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the -------------- term of his employment hereunder, (i) Executive's salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive's surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive's designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive's death occurs and (ii) the benefits payable under the EBRP calculated at the maximum level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in the EBRP) shall be payable without regard to any reduction for early retirement. Thereafter, all of the Company's obligations hereunder (other than as provided herein) shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. Except as specifically provided herein, the provisions ----------- of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect (i) any rights of Executive's heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, Long Term Incentive Plan, ESBP, Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans, or (ii) any rights that exist with respect to indemnification or directors and officers insurance or any other rights hereunder which are intended to continue after a termination of employment. 7 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. ---------------------------------------------------- (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the Term of his -------------- employment hereunder, he will engage in no other business activities, directly or indirectly, which are or may be competitive with or which might place him in a competing position to that of the Company, or any affiliated company, without the prior written consent of the Board. Without any inference as to any other activity, the foregoing shall not limit ownership by Executive of (i) less than one percent (1%) of the common stock or public debt of any publicly traded entity; (ii) less than five percent (5%) in any investment pool, hedge fund, private equity fund or other similar vehicle in which Executive has no control over the investments that are made by such investment pool, hedge fund, private equity fund or other similar vehicle; or (iii) the amount of stock or other interests Executive holds as of the Effective Date of this Agreement in the entities listed on Schedule 7(a) hereof, provided that Executive is not actively engaged in the management of such entities. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges -------------------------------------------- and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information, of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company by reason of Executive's use of Confidential Information either during or after the Term of his employment hereunder. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except (x) pursuant to his duties hereunder during his employment by the Company, (y) to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law or (z) to comply with a legal process, provided Executive promptly notifies the Company in order that the Company, at its expense, may seek a protective order and Executive cooperates with the Company in seeking such order. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, 8 relating to the Company's business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company's or the affiliated company's premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This Paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of the term of Executive's employment hereunder. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, -------------------------------- "Confidential Information" means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies or the Company's or any of its affiliated companies' customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development of the Company and its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company and its affiliated companies which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public or the industry in which the Company operates other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive (other than in the normal course of Executive's duties hereunder), (B) was available to him on a non- confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or 9 (C) becomes available to him on a non-confidential basis from a source that Executive believes in good faith is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the Company. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is --------------- essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from: (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (iii) directly and personally soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the Term of his employment hereunder, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, (x) directly or indirectly, hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (y) directly and personally solicit, or use Confidential Information to aid in the solicitation of, contract with, or service any person or entity which is, or was, within two (2) years prior to the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company or any of its affiliated companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Paragraph 7(d) shall prohibit Executive from providing references on an unsolicited basis with respect to employees of the Company. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the longer of (i) two (2) years following the termination of Executive's employment for any reason, or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 10 (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or ----------------- threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. 8. Termination. ----------- (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the --------- Company may, without liability, terminate Executive's employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time within ninety (90) days of the date the Chairman of the Board, or of any Committee thereof, first has knowledge of the event justifying such termination by delivery of a Notice of Termination (as defined in subparagraph (d) below) from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. i) Definition of Cause. Except as provided in Paragraph 9(c) below, ------------------- as used herein, the term "Cause" shall mean (i) Executive's willful engaging in misconduct with regard to the Company or any of its affiliated companies which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company and its affiliated companies taken as a whole, (ii) Executive's willful dishonesty of a material nature involving the Company's or any of its affiliated companies' assets, or (iii) a material failure by Executive to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on Executive's part shall be considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive's action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause pursuant to this Paragraph 8(a) unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution 11 duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of making a determination of whether Cause for termination exists (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, Executive was guilty of misconduct as set forth above in this subparagraph 8(a)(i) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. In addition, if the conduct alleged to have constituted Cause is curable (as determined by the Board), the Notice of Termination shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. ii) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a ------------------------------------- termination for Cause pursuant to this Paragraph 8(a) or pursuant to subparagraph 9(c)(iv), the Company shall continue to pay Executive's then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company's action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 11(c) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to Paragraph 9 below, following termination of employment. (b) Other than for Cause; Performance, Reorganization; Any Reason or ---------------------------------------------------------------- Reasons. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company ------- may also terminate Executive's employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Board, provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Board, (ii) should Executive's position be eliminated as a result of a reorgani- 12 zation or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or (iii) for any other reason or reasons. (c) Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate his employment ------------------------ hereunder with or without Good Reason by delivery of a Notice of Termination to the Company, provided that any such Notice of Termination for Good Reason shall be given within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason, which notice shall specify the act, or failure to act, alleged to give rise to Good Reason hereunder and shall otherwise comply with the provisions of subparagraph (d) below. If Executive gives the Company such Notice of Termination, the Company shall have fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice to remedy the facts and circumstances that allegedly gave rise to Good Reason. In the event Executive does not provide a Notice of Termination to the Company of termination for Good Reason, such termination shall be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive. i) Definition of Good Reason. As used herein, the term "Good Reason" ------------------------- shall mean any of the following acts or failures to act, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive's functions, duties or responsibilities as Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer, which change would cause Executive's position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date, or an adverse change in Executive's title, position or his obligation and right to report directly to the Board; (B) any reduction in Executive's base salary, other than a reduction effected proportionately as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Company; (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the Company's requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive's responsibilities; or (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any 13 successor or assign of the Company. Executive's right to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to this Paragraph 8 shall not be affected by Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness. (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executive's employment by --------------------- the Company or by Executive hereunder shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific termination provisions in this Agreement relied upon and which sets forth (i) in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive's employment under the provision so indicated and (ii) the date of Executive's termination of employment, which shall be no earlier than fifteen (15) days after such Notice is received by the other party. Any purported termination of Executive's employment by the Company which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of this Agreement shall not be effective. In the case of a termination for Cause, the Notice of Termination shall also satisfy the requirements set forth in Paragraph 8(a). 9. Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. ------------------------------------------------------- (a) For Cause; Voluntary Resignation. If (i) the Company terminates -------------------------------- Executive's employment for Cause hereunder or (ii) Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, then, except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive's rights, if any, under the Company's employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to receive any accrued base salary, accrued but unused vacation and unreimbursed expenses, and if such termination is by Executive other than for Good Reason on or after March 31, 2004, Executive shall be entitled to receive the benefits under Paragraphs 9(b)(i)(C), 9(b)(i)(E)(x) and (E)(y) and 9(b)(i)(H). 14 (b) Termination Other than for Cause; Termination for Good Reason. ------------------------------------------------------------- i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to Paragraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason in both cases prior to a Change in Control of the Company or at any time other than within the two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company's Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder (other than obligations that arise under Paragraphs 10 or 11 hereof), the Company shall, while Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof; provided any such suspended payments and/or benefits shall resume once any such breach has been cured, (A) continue Executive's then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the Term of this Agreement but in no event for a period of less than two years following such termination of employment (such greater of the remainder of the Term or two (2) years shall be referred to as the "Severance Period"), (B) continue Executive's incentive award compensation under the terms of the Company's MIP for each fiscal year ending with or within the Severance Period, such MIP awards to be equal, in each case, to 100% of Executive's Individual Target Award existing at the time of his termination of employment, (C) provide Executive with lifetime (x) coverage under the Company's Executive Medical Plan and financial counseling program and (y) office space and secretarial support services as may be suitable and adequate for Executive's needs, (D) continue Executive's participation in the Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, and Executive's automobile allowance for the Severance Period, (E) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive's rights, benefits and existing awards for the Severance Period for purposes of the EBRP and ESBP (with 15 Executive's benefits, for purposes of those two plans only, calculated on the basis of Executive receiving (x) Approved Retirement (as defined in the EBRP) commencing on the expiration of this Agreement and, (y) with respect to the EBRP, a benefit calculated at the maximum level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in the EBRP) then specified in the EBRP without any reduction for early retirement), (F) subject to both (x) the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the applicable plans or arrangements (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto) and (y) the provisions of subparagraph (b)(ii) below, accelerate the vesting of all Executive's awards granted prior to such termination of employment pursuant to the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement); provided, that Executive shall in no event -------- ---- be entitled to or receive additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of his termination of employment, (G) continue Executive's participation in the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan for the remainder of the Term of this Agreement (but not thereafter) (pro-rating performance periods as of the date Executive ceased rendering services to the Company), provided, -------- that Executive shall not participate in any way whatsoever in any ---- performance period commencing subsequent to the date of termination, and provided, further, that with respect to the LTIP -------- ------- Award, such award shall be paid in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to Approved Retirement with the exception that the "Service-based Portion of the Target Award" shall be paid as if Executive had continued employment throughout the performance period applicable to such award (H) deem Executive's termination to have occurred as if the sum of his age and years of service to the Company is at least 65 for purposes of both the Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement, and (I) terminate Executive's participation in the Company's tax- qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. During the Severance Period, Executive shall have no obligation to seek other employment 16 and the Company shall not (x) have the right of offset as a result of any compensation Executive may receive from a subsequent employer or, (y) while Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7, reduce its payments pursuant to this Paragraph 9(b)(i). ii) For purposes of subparagraph (b)(i) above, (A) if Executive's termination occurs prior to August 1, 2000, (x) 100% of the stock options granted to Executive prior to July 1, 1999, shall vest in full, and (y) 50% of the then unvested stock options granted to Executive subsequent to July 1, 1999, shall vest in full, and (B), if Executive's termination occurs on or after August 1, 2000, all unvested stock options granted to Executive shall vest in full. (c) Termination in Connection with a Change in Control. Notwithstanding -------------------------------------------------- the provisions of Paragraph 9(a) and (b) hereof, in the event of an occurrence of a Change in Control (which shall include the 1999 Change in Control), the following provisions shall apply in the event of Executive's termination of employment (i) within two (2) years following such Change in Control or (ii) within the six (6) month period immediately preceding such Change in Control if such termination of employment occurs at the direction of the person or entity that is involved in, or otherwise in connection with, such Change in Control: i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to Paragraph 8(b) above or otherwise without Cause (as defined in subparagraph 9(c)(iv) below) or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason, then the Company shall in lieu of the benefits payable under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of Paragraph 9(b) above immediately pay to Executive in a cash lump sum an amount equal to the greater of: (x) 2.99 ---------- multiplied by Executive's "base amount" determined pursuant to section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and (y) the sum of the amounts described in clauses (A) and (B) in Paragraph 9(b) above and shall take all actions described in clauses (C) through (I) in Paragraph 9(b) hereof. 17 ii) For Cause; Voluntary Resignation. If the Company terminates -------------------------------- Executive's employment for Cause (as defined in subparagraph 9(c)(iv)) or Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, then the rights and obligations of the Company and Executive shall be governed by Paragraph 9(a) hereof. iii) Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in ----------------- Control" of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following subparagraphs shall occur: (A) any Person (as defined in section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and as such term is modified in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; (B) during any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (A), (C) or (D) of this subparagraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; (C) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (x) a 18 merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (y) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (D) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which, in the judgment of the Compensation Committee of the Board, the holders of the Company's common stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in subparagraph 8(a)(i), for purposes of this Paragraph 9(c), termination by the Company of Executive's employment for "Cause" shall mean termination upon Executive's willful engaging in misconduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. No act, or failure to act, on Executive's part shall be considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive's action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or its subsid- 19 iaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause pursuant to this subparagraph 9(c)(iv) unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of making a determination of whether Cause for termination exists (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, Executive was guilty of misconduct as set forth above in this subparagraph 9(c)(iv) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. In addition, if the conduct alleged to have constituted Cause is curable (as determined by the Board), the Notice of Termination shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. v) Remedy by Company. If, within two years following a Change in ----------------- Control, Executive terminates employment for Good Reason in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9(c), Executive shall make a good faith reasonable determination immediately after the fifteen-day period whether the facts and circumstances that allegedly gave rise to Good Reason have been remedied and shall communicate such determination in writing to the Company (the "Executive Determination"). If Executive determines that adequate remedy has not occurred, then the initial Notice of Termination shall remain in effect. The Company shall not be bound by any Executive Determination that applies to any termination other than a termination for Good Reason that occurs within two years following a Change in Control. Notwithstanding any dispute concerning whether Good Reason exists for termination of employment or whether adequate remedy has occurred, the Company shall immediately pay to Executive, as specified in subparagraph 9(c)(i), any amounts otherwise due under this 20 Agreement. Executive may be required to repay such amounts to the Company if any such dispute is finally determined adversely to Executive. 10. Excise Tax Payment. ------------------ (a) If, as a result of Executive's employment with the Company or termination thereof, the benefits received by Executive (the "Total Payments") are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), the Company shall pay to Executive an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") such that the net amount retained by Executive, after deduction of any Excise Tax on the benefits received hereunder and any Federal, state and local income and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the Total Payments. (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments" (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to Executive and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company's independent auditor (the "Auditor"), such payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all "excess parachute payments" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent "reasonable compensation" for services actually rendered (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the Base Amount (as defined in section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the 21 Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of Executive's residence on the date of termination (or if there is no date of termination, then the date on which the Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Paragraph 10(b)), net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment, Executive shall repay to the Company, within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction (plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid by Executive, to the extent that such repayment results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in Executive's taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at 120% of the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), the Company shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by Executive with respect to such excess) within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. Executive and the Company shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments. (d) Notwithstanding anything else herein, this Paragraph 10 shall survive any termination of employment, any payments hereunder or any termination of obligations hereunder; provided, however, that this Paragraph 10 shall not survive any termination of employment for Cause that occurs prior to a Change in Control, or any payments or 22 termination of obligations in connection with such termination for Cause. 11. General Provisions. ------------------ (a) Executive's rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise; provided, however, that this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive's personal and legal representatives, executors, administrator, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts are still payable to Executive hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive's devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to Executive's estate. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. Unless otherwise agreed to by Executive, the Company shall require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place. This Agreement shall not otherwise be assigned by the Company. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assign to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this paragraph or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire 23 agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties, including, but not limited to, the Old Employment Agreement and the Termination Agreement. (c) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph in connection with any termination of Executive's employment shall take place in San Francisco, California at the earliest possible date. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements, not to exceed in the aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. (d) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (e) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (f) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. (g) For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by messenger or in 24 person, or when mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows: If to the Company: McKesson HBOC, Inc. One Post Street San Francisco, CA 94104 Attention: Office of the General Counsel If to Executive: John H. Hammergren c/o McKesson HBOC, Inc. One Post Street San Francisco, CA 94104 or such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation By /s/ William A. Armstrong ----------------------------------- Senior Vice President ATTEST: /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson /s/ John H. Hammergren - ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------- Senior Vice President and Secretary Executive By the Authority of the Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc. on July 12, 1999. 25
Exhibit 10.23 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 1 dated as of February 28, 2000 to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2000, by and among McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), Danone International Brands, Inc., a ------ Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and Groupe Danone, a societe anonyme --------- organized under the laws of the Republic of France as Guarantor (the "Guarantor") (the "Stock Purchase Agreement"). Certain capitalized terms used --------- ------------------------ and not otherwise defined in this Amendment No. 1 have the meanings ascribed to them in the Stock Purchase Agreement. RECITALS WHEREAS, Seller, Purchaser and Guarantor entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement as of January 10, 2000; and WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Stock Purchase Agreement as set forth below. NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. The Stock Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by: (a) deleting the phrase "two Business Days following the satisfaction and/or waiver of all conditions to close set forth in Article VI" in Section 2.1 and replacing it with the phrase "on or about February 29, 2000, so long as all conditions to close set forth in Article VI shall have been satisfied or waived"; (b) deleting the phrase "and signed" in the first sentence of the forepart of Article III: (c) deleting Section 3.16 in its entirety and replacing it with the following: "Section 3.16 Real Property. The Disclosure Schedule sets forth a ------------- complete list and the location of all owned Real Property (the "Owned Real Property"), except that Purchaser hereby acknowledges ------------------- that the real property located adjacent to 2931 Faber Street (a.k.a. 30020 Ahern), Union City, California 94587 is owned by Seller. True and complete copies of all documents evidencing all 1 Encumbrances upon the Owned Real Property, except as otherwise agreed by the parties, have heretofore been furnished to Purchaser. To the Knowledge of Seller, there are no condemnation proceedings or eminent domain proceedings pending or threatened in writing against the Real Property."; (d) (i) deleting the first sentence of Section 5.10 in its entirety and replacing it with the following: "Purchaser shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, at Purchaser's expense, to have released and cancelled at the Closing each Seller Guarantee, except for the three Letters of Credit in the principal amounts of $277,431, $113,660 and $460,000 issued by Wachovia Bank, which Purchaser shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to have released and cancelled no later than 60 days after the Closing; provided, however, that to -------- ------- the extent that any Seller Guaranty cannot be so released and cancelled, Purchaser shall use its commercially reasonable efforts, at Purchaser's expense, to cause itself to be substituted for Seller and each of Seller's Affiliates directly affected thereby in respect of such Seller Guaranty (or if not possible, added as the primary obligor with respect thereto)."; (ii) inserting immediately following the phrase "at the Closing" in Section 5.10(a) the following: "(or, with respect to such Letters of Credit issued by Wachovia Bank, within 60 days after the Closing)"; (e) deleting Section 5.13(a)(2) in its entirety and replacing it with the following: "(2) neither the Company nor Purchaser or its Affiliates shall make any use of such Trademarks from and after the Closing, except as provided in Section 5.13(b)."; (f) deleting the first sentence of Section 5.13(b) in its entirety and replacing it with the following: "As of the Closing, Seller grants to Purchaser, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries a non-exclusive, royalty-free, 2 fully paid license to use and authorize others to use the Trademarks employing Seller's name and any part or variation thereof used in the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary for a term that will expire on December 31, 2000."; (g) deleting the phrase "and signed" from the definition of "Disclosure Schedule" in Section 9.1; (h) deleting the definition of "Seller Guaranty" in Section 9.1 in its entirety and replacing it with the following: ""Seller Guaranty" shall mean the guaranty of the industrial revenue bonds issued by an agency of Waller County, Texas in the principal amount of $6,000,000 and three Letters of Credit in the principal amounts of $277,431, $113,660 and $460,000 issued by Wachovia Bank with McKesson Corporation as the applicant on behalf of Ephrata Diamond Spring Water Company, of which local government entities in Pennsylvania are the beneficiaries."; (i) adding the phrase "or any Affiliate" after the phrase "any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary" to the first sentence of Section 10.13; (j) deleting the first sentence of Section 10.16 in its entirety and replacing it with the following: "Guarantor hereby guarantees the performance by (i) the Purchaser (or any of its assignees pursuant to Section 10.13) of all of the Purchaser's obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company of all the Company's obligations under the Transition Services Agreement."; 2. This Amendment No. 1 may be executed manually or by facsimile and in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 3. Except as expressly amended in this Amendment No. 1, the Stock Purchase Agreement remains in full force and effect and may not be otherwise amended except in accordance with its terms. 3 4. This Amendment No. 1 shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. 5. Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser and the Guarantor, and each of Purchaser and the Guarantor hereby represent and warrant to Seller, (i) that it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment No. 1, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment No. 1 has been duly authorized by its Board of Directors, and no other corporate action on its part is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Amendment No. 1, and (iii) this Amendment No. 1 has been duly executed and delivered and, assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof by each of the other parties hereto, this Amendment No. 1 is a valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. DANONE INTERNATIONAL BRANDS, INC. By: /s/ ------------------------------------- Name: Title: GROUPE DANONE, S.A. By: /s/ ------------------------------------- Name: Title: McKESSON HBOC, INC. By: /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson ------------------------------------- Name: Ivan D. Meyerson Title: Senior Vice President 5
EXHIBIT 10.26 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), effective as of June 21, 1999 (the "Effective Date"), by and between McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Post Street, San Francisco, California, and David L. Mahoney ("Executive"). RECITALS -------- A. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have previously entered into that certain employment agreement dated as of March 31, 1999 (the "Old Employment Agreement"). B. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have previously entered into an agreement providing for the payment of severance benefits to Executive in connection with his termination following a Change in Control (as defined in Paragraph 9(c) below) of the Company, dated July 16, 1990 (the "Termination Agreement"). C. WHEREAS, a Change in Control of the Company occurred under the Termination Agreement on January 12, 1999 (the "1999 Change in Control") D. WHEREAS, Executive and the Company desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Old Employment Agreement and to incorporate into this Agreement the terms of such amendment and restatement the terms of the Termination Agreement as it applies with regard to any Change in Control. E. WHEREAS, the Company, in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and F. WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the ---------- Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment ----------------------------- hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in such other senior corporate executive capacities consistent with such position as may be specified from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive shall report directly to the Board. 3. Term and Duties. --------------- (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive's employment under this ------------------ Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2004 (the "Term"). Prior to the expiration of the Term, the Company shall offer to extend the Term of the Agreement effective as of the expiration of the Term on terms and conditions that are identical to the terms and conditions contained herein except that such extended agreement shall not obligate the Company to pay a Sign-On Bonus (as defined below) or Retention Bonus (as defined below) and the extended agreement shall not be subject to further extension. If Executive rejects such extension and the Agreement expires, the expiration of the Term shall be treated as a voluntary resignation entitling Executive to the amounts and benefits, if any, set forth in Paragraph 9(a) as of the end of the Term. If (i) the Company fails to offer to extend the term of the Agreement or (ii) the terms and conditions of the extension are not identical (except as set forth above) to the terms and conditions set forth herein and Executive rejects such extension, the expiration of the Term shall be treated as a termination other than for Cause (as defined 2 in Paragraph 8 below) entitling Executive to the amounts and benefits set forth in Paragraph 9(b) or (c), as the case may be, as of the end of the Term. (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for ------ illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board; provided, however, -------- ------- that, (i) with the approval of the Board (which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, for profit companies or organizations, which, in the Board's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) Executive may devote a portion of his time to the management of his personal affairs or involvement in charitable activities, which activities shall not materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of California, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board, but are to be rendered primarily at the Company's principal place of business at One Post Street in San Francisco, California. Unless and until otherwise mutually agreed to between the Company and Executive, Executive shall be at liberty to maintain his residence in the San Francisco Bay Area, State of California. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits. ---------------------------------------------------------- (a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, ------------ Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the Term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized 3 Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in subparagraph (c) below), for each of the Company's fiscal years ending during the Term of this Agreement, Executive's Individual Target Award shall be 100% of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the Term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse ------------------------- Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations hereunder. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. (c) Other Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, -------------- Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment available to any other Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company and generally available to other members of the Company's management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, 1989 Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), Long Term Incentive Plan, 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan ("EBRP"), 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan ("ESBP"), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner or in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder or any entitlement provided for hereunder. To the extent specific provisions of this Agreement that relate to other plans or arrangements of the Company are more favor- 4 able than the terms and conditions set forth in such other plan or arrangement of the Company, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. Additionally, to the extent any other plan or arrangement of the Company contains provisions regarding noncompetition, unauthorized use of confidential information, or nonsolicitation, such provisions shall not be deemed to have been violated by Executive except to the extent his activities would also constitute a violation of similar provisions contained herein. 5. Initial Incentive Grants. Executive has received or will receive the ------------------------ following initial incentive awards specified below: (a) Sign-On/Retention Bonus. Executive has received a special, one-time ----------------------- sign-on bonus in the amount of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000.00) (the "Sign-On Bonus"). Executive has also received a special one-time retention bonus in the amount of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000.00) (the "Retention Bonus") to be retained by Executive if and only if he remains employed by the Company on March 31, 2000, or his employment terminates earlier as a result of his death, disability, a termination by the Company other than for Cause or a termination by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Paragraph 8(c)). Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the event he voluntarily leaves the Company's employment (other than for Good Reason) or if he is terminated by the Company for Cause prior to March 31, 2000, he shall promptly (and in no event later than thirty (30) days following cessation of employment) return the Retention Bonus (i.e., $750,000.00) to the Company. ---- (b) Stock Options. Executive has received a non-qualified stock option to ------------- purchase One Million (1,000,000) shares of the Company's common stock, which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) at January 29, 2001, seventy-five percent (75%) at January 29, 2002, and one hundred percent (100%) at January 29, 2003. Such option shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the plan or arrangement pursuant to which it was issued in all respects; except that (i) to the extent vested, such option will remain exercisable until its expiration date unless Executive is terminated by the Company for Cause; (ii) provisions regarding noncompetition, use of confidential 5 information, and nonsolicitation shall not be deemed to have been violated except to the extent such activities would also constitute a violation of similar provisions contained herein and (iii) the provisions regarding acceleration of vesting and exercisability set forth in the termination sections of this Agreement shall be applicable. (c) LTIP Cash Award. The Company has granted to Executive a Long-Term --------------- Incentive Plan award of Ten Million dollars ($10,000,000), payable, if earned, fifty percent (50%) at March 31, 2002, and fifty percent (50%) at March 31, 2004 (the "LTIP Award"). Executive acknowledges that payments of the award are contingent and based upon the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR"). Full awards will be paid if, at the end of each measurement period, the TSR is at or above the 75th percentile of the S&P 500 (excluding therefrom financial institutions). Partial awards will be paid as follows: 75% if TSR is between the 60th and 75th percentile; 50% if TSR is between the 50th and 60th percentile; and 25% if TSR is below the 50th percentile. (d) Executive was granted on August 16, 1999 (the "Grant Date"), a non- qualified stock option to purchase Two Million (2,000,000) shares of the Company's common stock, at a per share exercise price of $29.8125 which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) on the second anniversary of the Grant Date, seventy-five percent (75%) on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and one hundred percent (100%) on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Such option shall otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan and the terms and conditions set forth in the form of agreement evidencing the stock option referenced in subparagraph (b) above, as adjusted by the provisions of subparagraph, b(i), (b)(ii) and (b)(iii), provided that with regard to -------- (b)(i), the period shall be the lesser of three years or the expiration date. 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. ----------------------------------------- (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of Executive's employment ------------------- hereunder, Executive shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental 6 incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company's obligations hereunder (other than as provided herein) shall cease and terminate. Following the expiration of such 12-month period, Executive shall be eligible to receive his benefits pursuant to the EBRP calculated at the maximum level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in the EBRP) without regard to any reduction for early retirement. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the -------------- term of his employment hereunder, (i) Executive's salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive's surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive's designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive's death occurs and (ii) the benefits payable under the EBRP calculated at the maximum level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in the EBRP) shall be payable without regard to any reduction for early retirement. Thereafter, all of the Company's obligations hereunder (other than as provided herein) shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. Except as specifically provided herein, the provisions ----------- of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect (i) any rights of Executive's heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, Long Term Incentive Plan, ESBP, Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans, or (ii) any rights that exist with respect to indemnification or directors and officers insurance or any other rights hereunder which are intended to continue after a termination of employment. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. ---------------------------------------------------- (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the Term of his -------------- employment hereunder, he will engage in no other business activities, directly or indirectly, which are or may be competitive with or which 7 might place him in a competing position to that of the Company, or any affiliated company, without the prior written consent of the Board. Without any inference as to any other activity, the foregoing shall not limit ownership by Executive of (i) less than one percent (1%) of the common stock or public debt of any publicly traded entity; (ii) less than five percent (5%) in any investment pool, hedge fund, private equity fund or other similar vehicle in which Executive has no control over the investments that are made by such investment pool, hedge fund, private equity fund or other similar vehicle; or (iii) the amount of stock or other interests Executive holds as of the Effective Date of this Agreement in the entities listed on Schedule 7(a) hereof, provided that Executive is not actively engaged in the management of such entities. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges -------------------------------------------- and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information, of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company by reason of Executive's use of Confidential Information either during or after the Term of his employment hereunder. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except (x) pursuant to his duties hereunder during his employment by the Company, (y) to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law or (z) to comply with a legal process, provided Executive promptly notifies the Company in order that the Company, at its expense, may seek a protective order and Executive cooperates with the Company in seeking such order. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company's business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or 8 otherwise working away from his office) from the Company's or the affiliated company's premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This Paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of the term of Executive's employment hereunder. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, -------------------------------- "Confidential Information" means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies or the Company's or any of its affiliated companies' customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development of the Company and its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company and its affiliated companies which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public or the industry in which the Company operates other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive (other than in the normal course of Executive's duties hereunder), (B) was available to him on a non- confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non-confidential basis from a source that Executive believes in good faith is not under an obligation of confidentiality to the Company. 9 (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is --------------- essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from: (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (iii) directly and personally soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the Term of his employment hereunder, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, (x) directly or indirectly, hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (y) directly and personally solicit, or use Confidential Information to aid in the solicitation of, contract with, or service any person or entity which is, or was, within two (2) years prior to the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company or any of its affiliated companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Paragraph 7(d) shall prohibit Executive from providing references on an unsolicited basis with respect to employees of the Company. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the longer of (i) two (2) years following the termination of Executive's employment for any reason, or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or ----------------- threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such cove- 10 nants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. 8. Termination. ----------- (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the --------- Company may, without liability, terminate Executive's employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time within ninety (90) days of the date the Chairman of the Board, or of any Committee thereof, first has knowledge of the event justifying such termination by delivery of a Notice of Termination (as defined in subparagraph (d) below) from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (i) Definition of Cause. Except as provided in Paragraph 9(c) ------------------- below, as used herein, the term "Cause" shall mean (i) Executive's willful engaging in misconduct with regard to the Company or any of its affiliated companies which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company and its affiliated companies taken as a whole, (ii) Executive's willful dishonesty of a material nature involving the Company's or any of its affiliated companies' assets, or (iii) a material failure by Executive to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement. No act, or failure to act, on Executive's part shall be considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive's action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause pursuant to this Paragraph 8(a) unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of making a determination of whether Cause for termination exists (after reason- 11 able notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, Executive was guilty of misconduct as set forth above in this subparagraph 8(a)(i) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. In addition, if the conduct alleged to have constituted Cause is curable (as determined by the Board), the Notice of Termination shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. (ii) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a ------------------------------------- termination for Cause pursuant to this Paragraph 8(a) or pursuant to subparagraph 9(c)(iv), the Company shall continue to pay Executive's then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company's action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 11(c) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to Paragraph 9 below, following termination of employment. (b) Other than for Cause; Performance, Reorganization; Any Reason or ---------------------------------------------------------------- Reasons. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company ------- may also terminate Executive's employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Board, provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Board, (ii) should Executive's position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or (iii) for any other reason or reasons. 12 (c) Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate his employment ------------------------ hereunder with or without Good Reason by delivery of a Notice of Termination to the Company, provided that any such Notice of Termination for Good Reason shall be given within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason, which notice shall specify the act, or failure to act, alleged to give rise to Good Reason hereunder and shall otherwise comply with the provisions of subparagraph (d) below. If Executive gives the Company such Notice of Termination, the Company shall have fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice to remedy the facts and circumstances that allegedly gave rise to Good Reason. In the event Executive does not provide a Notice of Termination to the Company of termination for Good Reason, such termination shall be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive. (i) Definition of Good Reason. As used herein, the term "Good ------------------------- Reason" shall mean any of the following acts or failures to act, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive's functions, duties or responsibilities as Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer, which change would cause Executive's position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date, or an adverse change in Executive's title, position or his obligation and right to report directly to the Board; (B) any reduction in Executive's base salary, other than a reduction effected proportionately as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Company; (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the Company's requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive's responsibilities; or (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company. Executive's right to terminate employment for Good Reason pursuant to this 13 Paragraph 8 shall not be affected by Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness. (d) Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executive's employment by --------------------- the Company or by Executive hereunder shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific termination provisions in this Agreement relied upon and which sets forth (i) in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive's employment under the provision so indicated and (ii) the date of Executive's termination of employment, which shall be no earlier than fifteen (15) days after such Notice is received by the other party. Any purported termination of Executive's employment by the Company which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of this Agreement shall not be effective. In the case of a termination for Cause, the Notice of Termination shall also satisfy the requirements set forth in Paragraph 8(a). 9. Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. ------------------------------------------------------- (a) For Cause; Voluntary Resignation. If (i) the Company terminates -------------------------------- Executive's employment for Cause hereunder or (ii) Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, then, except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive's rights, if any, under the Company's employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to receive any accrued base salary, accrued but unused vacation and unreimbursed expenses, and if such termination is by Executive other than for Good Reason on or after March 31, 2004, Executive shall be entitled to receive the benefits under Paragraphs 9(b)(i)(C), 9(b)(i)(E)(x) and (E)(y) and 9(b)(i)(H). (b) Termination Other than for Cause; Termination for Good Reason. ------------------------------------------------------------- 14 (i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to Paragraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason in both cases prior to a Change in Control of the Company or at any time other than within the two (2) years immediately following a Change in Control, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company's Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder (other than obligations that arise under Paragraphs 10 or 11 hereof), the Company shall, while Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof; provided any such suspended payments and/or benefits shall resume once any such breach has been cured, (A) continue Executive's then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the Term of this Agreement but in no event for a period of less than two years following such termination of employment (such greater of the remainder of the Term or two (2) years shall be referred to as the "Severance Period"), (B) continue Executive's incentive award compensation under the terms of the Company's MIP for each fiscal year ending with or within the Severance Period, such MIP awards to be equal, in each case, to 100% of Executive's Individual Target Award existing at the time of his termination of employment, (C) provide Executive with lifetime (x) coverage under the Company's Executive Medical Plan and financial counseling program and (y) office space and secretarial support services as may be suitable and adequate for Executive's needs, (D) continue Executive's participation in the Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, and Executive's automobile allowance for the Severance Period, (E) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive's rights, benefits and existing awards for the Severance Period for purposes of the EBRP and ESBP (with Executive's benefits, for purposes of those two plans only, calculated on the basis of Executive receiving (x) Approved 15 Retirement (as defined in the EBRP) commencing on the expiration of this Agreement and, (y) with respect to the EBRP, a benefit calculated at the maximum level of 60% of Average Final Compensation (as defined in the EBRP) then specified in the EBRP without any reduction for early retirement), (F) subject to both (x) the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the applicable plans or arrangements (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto) and (y) the provisions of subparagraph (b)(ii) below, accelerate the vesting of all Executive's awards granted prior to such termination of employment pursuant to the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement); provided, that Executive shall in no event -------- ---- be entitled to or receive additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of his termination of employment, (G) continue Executive's participation in the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan for the remainder of the Term of this Agreement (but not thereafter) (pro-rating performance periods as of the date Executive ceased rendering services to the Company), provided, -------- that Executive shall not participate in any way whatsoever in any ---- performance period commencing subsequent to the date of termination, and provided, further, that with respect to the LTIP -------- ------- Award, such award shall be paid in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to Approved Retirement with the exception that the "Service-based Portion of the Target Award" shall be paid as if Executive had continued employment throughout the performance period applicable to such award (H) deem Executive's termination to have occurred as if the sum of his age and years of service to the Company is at least 65 for purposes of both the Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement, and (I) terminate Executive's participation in the Company's tax- qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. During the Severance Period, Executive shall have no obligation to seek other employment and the Company shall not (x) have the right of offset as a result of any compensation Executive may receive from a 16 subsequent employer or, (y) while Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7, reduce its payments pursuant to this Paragraph 9(b)(i). (ii) For purposes of subparagraph (b)(i) above, (A) if Executive's termination occurs prior to August 1, 2000, (x) 100% of the stock options granted to Executive prior to July 1, 1999, shall vest in full, and (y) 50% of the then unvested stock options granted to Executive subsequent to July 1, 1999, shall vest in full, and (B), if Executive's termination occurs on or after August 1, 2000, all unvested stock options granted to Executive shall vest in full. (c) Termination in Connection with a Change in Control. Notwithstanding -------------------------------------------------- the provisions of Paragraph 9(a) and (b) hereof, in the event of an occurrence of a Change in Control (which shall include the 1999 Change in Control), the following provisions shall apply in the event of Executive's termination of employment (i) within two (2) years following such Change in Control or (ii) within the six (6) month period immediately preceding such Change in Control if such termination of employment occurs at the direction of the person or entity that is involved in, or otherwise in connection with, such Change in Control: (i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to Paragraph 8(b) above or otherwise without Cause (as defined in subparagraph 9(c)(iv) below) or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason, then the Company shall in lieu of the benefits payable under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of Paragraph 9(b) above immediately pay to Executive in a cash lump sum an amount equal to the greater of: (x) 2.99 ---------- multiplied by Executive's "base amount" determined pursuant to section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and (y) the sum of the amounts described in clauses (A) and (B) in Paragraph 9(b) above and shall take all actions described in clauses (C) through (I) in Paragraph 9(b) hereof. 17 (ii) For Cause; Voluntary Resignation. If the Company terminates -------------------------------- Executive's employment for Cause (as defined in subparagraph 9(c)(iv)) or Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason, then the rights and obligations of the Company and Executive shall be governed by Paragraph 9(a) hereof. (iii) Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change in ----------------- Control" of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the events set forth in any one of the following subparagraphs shall occur: (A) any Person (as defined in section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and as such term is modified in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), excluding the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; (B) during any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director designated by a Person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clause (A), (C) or (D) of this subparagraph) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; (C) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (x) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting 18 securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (y) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (D) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which, in the judgment of the Compensation Committee of the Board, the holders of the Company's common stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in subparagraph 8(a)(i), for purposes of this Paragraph 9(c), termination by the Company of Executive's employment for "Cause" shall mean termination upon Executive's willful engaging in misconduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. No act, or failure to act, on Executive's part shall be considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that Executive's action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be 19 deemed to have been terminated for Cause pursuant to this subparagraph 9(c)(iv) unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for the purpose of making a determination of whether Cause for termination exists (after reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for Executive to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board, Executive was guilty of misconduct as set forth above in this subparagraph 9(c)(iv) and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. In addition, if the conduct alleged to have constituted Cause is curable (as determined by the Board), the Notice of Termination shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. (v) Remedy by Company. If, within two years following a Change in ----------------- Control, Executive terminates employment for Good Reason in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9(c), Executive shall make a good faith reasonable determination immediately after the fifteen-day period whether the facts and circumstances that allegedly gave rise to Good Reason have been remedied and shall communicate such determination in writing to the Company (the "Executive Determination"). If Executive determines that adequate remedy has not occurred, then the initial Notice of Termination shall remain in effect. The Company shall not be bound by any Executive Determination that applies to any termination other than a termination for Good Reason that occurs within two years following a Change in Control. Notwithstanding any dispute concerning whether Good Reason exists for termination of employment or whether adequate remedy has occurred, the Company shall immediately pay to Executive, as specified in subparagraph 9(c)(i), any amounts otherwise due under this Agreement. Executive may be required to repay such amounts 20 to the Company if any such dispute is finally determined adversely to Executive. 10. Excise Tax Payment. ------------------ (a) If, as a result of Executive's employment with the Company or termination thereof, the benefits received by Executive (the "Total Payments") are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), the Company shall pay to Executive an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") such that the net amount retained by Executive, after deduction of any Excise Tax on the benefits received hereunder and any Federal, state and local income and employment taxes and Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the Total Payments. (b) For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) all of the Total Payments shall be treated as "parachute payments" (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) unless, in the opinion of tax counsel ("Tax Counsel") reasonably acceptable to Executive and selected by the accounting firm which was, immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Company's independent auditor (the "Auditor"), such payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, including by reason of section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code, (ii) all "excess parachute payments" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(l) of the Code shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax unless, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent "reasonable compensation" for services actually rendered (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code) in excess of the Base Amount (as defined in section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, and (iii) the value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income tax at 21 the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of Executive's residence on the date of termination (or if there is no date of termination, then the date on which the Gross-Up Payment is calculated for purposes of this Paragraph 10(b)), net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. (c) In the event that the Excise Tax is finally determined to be less than the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment, Executive shall repay to the Company, within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such reduction in the Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction (plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal, state and local income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid by Executive, to the extent that such repayment results in a reduction in the Excise Tax and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in Executive's taxable income and wages for purposes of federal, state and local income and employment taxes, plus interest on the amount of such repayment at 120% of the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code. In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder in calculating the Gross-Up Payment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), the Company shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by Executive with respect to such excess) within five (5) business days following the time that the amount of such excess is finally determined. Executive and the Company shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with respect to the Total Payments. (d) Notwithstanding anything else herein, this Paragraph 10 shall survive any termination of employment, any payments hereunder or any termination of obligations hereunder; provided, however, that this Paragraph 10 shall not survive any termination of employment for Cause that occurs prior to a Change in Control, or any payments or 22 termination of obligations in connection with such termination for Cause. 11. General Provisions. ------------------ (a) Executive's rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise; provided, however, that this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive's personal and legal representatives, executors, administrator, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive should die while any amounts are still payable to Executive hereunder, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive's devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to Executive's estate. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. Unless otherwise agreed to by Executive, the Company shall require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place. This Agreement shall not otherwise be assigned by the Company. As used in this Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assign to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this paragraph or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire 23 agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties, including, but not limited to, the Old Employment Agreement and the Termination Agreement. (c) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph in connection with any termination of Executive's employment shall take place in San Francisco, California at the earliest possible date. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements, not to exceed in the aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. (d) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (e) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (f) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. (g) For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by messenger or in 24 person, or when mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows: If to the Company: McKesson HBOC, Inc. One Post Street San Francisco, CA 94104 Attention: Office of the General Counsel If to Executive: David L. Mahoney c/o McKesson HBOC, Inc. One Post Street San Francisco, CA 94104 or such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. McKesson HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation By /s/ William A. Armstrong -------------------------------- Senior Vice President ATTEST: /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson /s/ David L. Mahoney - ------------------------------------- ---------------------------------- Senior Vice President and Secretary Executive By the Authority of the Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc. on July 12, 1999. 25
Exhibit 10.27 EXECUTION COPY McKESSON HBOC, INC. 2000 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN As Amended and Restated effective May 1, 2000 1. PURPOSE The McKesson HBOC, Inc. 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Plan") is intended to encourage the employees of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to acquire a proprietary interest, or to increase their existing proprietary interest, in the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") believes that employee ownership of the Company's stock will serve as an incentive, encouraging employees to continue their employment and to perform diligently their duties as employees. The Plan is intended to qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 2. STOCK RESERVED FOR THE PLAN --------------------------- The Company will reserve 6,100,000 (which number has been adjusted to reflect the 2:1 stock split effected by HBO on May 27, 1998, and the Exchange Ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement) shares of the Company's common stock, $.01 par value per share ("Stock"), for purchase by employees under the Plan. The number of shares of Stock reserved for the Plan may further be adjusted as provided in Section 16. The shares of Stock reserved for the Plan may be shares now or hereafter authorized but unissued, shares that have been reacquired by the Company, or shares of treasury stock. 3. ADMINISTRATION -------------- The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Committee"), consisting of members of the Board designated by the Board. The Board from time to time may remove members from, or add members to, the Committee. Vacancies on the Committee will be filled by the Board. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Committee will have authority to interpret the Plan, to prescribe rules and regulations for administering the Plan, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable in administering the Plan. The determinations of the Committee will be final and binding upon all persons, unless otherwise determined by the Board. A majority of the members of the Committee will constitute a quorum, and 1 the Committee may act by vote of a majority of its members at a meeting at which a quorum is present, or without a meeting by a written consent signed by all members of the Committee. To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Committee may delegate its duties hereunder to a sub-committee, whose members need not be members of the Board. 4. ELIGIBILITY ----------- (a) Eligible Employees. Except as set forth in subsections (b) and (c) ------------------ below, all employees of the Company, and all employees of any parent corporation, as defined in Code Section 424(e) (a "Parent") or any subsidiary corporation as defined in Code Section 424(f) (a "Subsidiary") of the Company that is designated by the Board as a participating Parent or Subsidiary, will be eligible to participate in the Plan. Such employees are referred to herein as "Employees." No person who is not an Employee will be eligible to participate in the Plan. (b) Excluded Employees. The following Employees will not be eligible to ------------------ participate in the Plan: (i) any Employee whose customary employment is less than 20 hours per week or for not more than 5 months in any calendar year; and (ii) any Employee who, immediately after a right to purchase Stock is granted hereunder, would own shares of Stock, or of the stock of a Subsidiary, possessing 5 percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of such stock. In determining whether an Employee owns 5 percent of such shares, (A) the attribution of ownership rules of Code Section 424(d) will apply, and (B) an Employee will be deemed to own the shares of stock underlying any outstanding option which he has been granted (whether under the Plan or any other plan or arrangement); and (iii) effective for the first Purchase Period commencing after September 30, 1999 and for any subsequent Purchase Period, any Employee who as of the first day of any such Purchase Period has not completed a period of employment of at least 30 days. 5. OFFERING DATES -------------- The Plan will be implemented by a continuous series of 24-month offerings beginning on the first trading day on or after May 1 and November 1 of each calendar year and terminating on the last trading day of the month which is 24 months later (the "Offering Periods") and six-month periods commencing on each May 1 and November 1 and ending on the following October 31 and April 30, during which contributions may be made toward the purchase of Stock under the Plan (the "Accumulation Periods"). For 2 purposes of calculating the purchase price under Section 9, the applicable Offering Period shall be determined as follows: (i) Once a Participant is enrolled in the Plan for an Offering Period, such Offering Period shall continue to apply to the Participant until the earliest of (A) the end of such Offering Period, (B) the date the Participant elects to discontinue contributions to the Plan and receive a distribution of his Cash Account, or (C) re-enrollment in a subsequent Offering Period under paragraph (ii) below. (ii) In the event that the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the last trading day before the commencement of the Offering Period in which the Participant is enrolled is higher than on the last trading day before the commencement of any subsequent Offering Period, the first Offering Period shall be canceled and the Participant shall automatically be re-enrolled for such subsequent Offering Period. 6. ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE ----------------------- (a) Initial Election. Each Employee who is eligible to participate in the ---------------- Plan may become a participant (a "Participant") by making an election, prior to any Offering Date and in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, authorizing specified regular payroll deductions over the next succeeding Purchase Period (an "Election Form"). Each election will be expressed as a percentage of the Employee's Compensation (as defined below), which may not exceed 15 percent of the Employee's Compensation for any payroll period or be less than 1 percent of the Employee's Compensation for any payroll period (or such other maximum and minimum percentages as the Committee may determine). An Employee's "Compensation" is his "compensation" as that term is defined in the McKesson HBOC, Inc. Profit-Sharing Investment Plan. Payroll deductions for a Participant will be made regularly and in equal amounts during the Purchase Period by the Company, and will be credited to a bookkeeping account established by the Company in the name of the Participant (the "Cash Account"). No interest will be paid on or credited to Cash Accounts. (b) Changes in Rate of Payroll Deductions. A Participant may change the ------------------------------------- amount of payroll deductions elected for a Purchase Period by providing notice in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. (c) Discontinuance of Contributions. At any time during a Purchase Period, ------------------------------- (but not later than five business days prior to the Purchase Date), a Participant may discontinue participation in the Plan for the current Purchase Period by providing notice in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. Upon such discontinuance, at the Participant's election, the balance of his Cash Account will be (i) returned to the Participant as soon as practicable, or (ii) held in the Cash Account until the end of the Purchase Period and applied to purchase Stock in accordance with Section 10. A Participant who discontinues payroll deductions may recommence his participation in the 3 Plan as of the Offering Date for any other succeeding Purchase Period, provided he otherwise is eligible to participate and timely files a new Election Form with the Committee. 7. PURCHASE PERIOD LIMITATION ON RIGHTS TO PURCHASE STOCK ------------------------------------------------------ (a) In General. Subject to the annual limitations in Section 8 below, the ---------- maximum number of shares of Stock each Participant will have the right to purchase under the Plan during a Purchase Period is determined by dividing (i) $12,500 by (ii) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the Offering Date for such Purchase Period. (b) Insufficient Shares of Stock. If at any time the number of shares of ---------------------------- Stock available for purchase under the Plan is insufficient to grant to each Participant the right to purchase the full number of shares to which he otherwise would be entitled, then each Participant will have the right to purchase that number of available shares of Stock that is equal to the total number of available shares of Stock multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of Compensation credited to the Participant's Cash Account for the Purchase Period, and the denominator of which is the total amount of Compensation credited to the Cash Accounts of all Participants for the Purchase Period. 8. ANNUAL LIMITATION ON RIGHTS TO PURCHASE STOCK --------------------------------------------- No right to purchase shares of Stock under the Plan will be granted to an Employee if such right, when combined with all other rights and options granted under all of the Code Section 423 employee stock purchase plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary would permit the Employee to purchase shares of Stock with a Fair Market Value (determined at the time the right or option is granted) in excess of $25,000 for each calendar year in which the right or option is outstanding at any time, determined in accordance with Code Section 423(b)(8). 9. PURCHASE PRICE -------------- (a) In General. The purchase price of each share of Stock purchased at the ---------- close of an Accumulation Period will be the lower of (i) 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of the such share on the last trading day of such Accumulation Period, or (ii) 85 percent of the Fair Market Value of such share on the first day of the applicable Offering Period (as determined under Section 5). (b) Fair Market Value. The Fair Market Value of the Stock, as of any date, ----------------- will be equal to the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), for such date as reported in The Wall Street Journal. If no transaction is reported for a particular date, Fair Market Value will be the closing price on the closest preceding date for which any transaction is reported. If the Stock is not traded on the 4 NYSE, Fair Market Value will be determined using the method established by the Committee. 10. PURCHASE OF STOCK ----------------- Subject to the share limitations set forth in Sections 7 and 8 above, as of each Purchase Date, the Committee will purchase from the Company using the funds in each Cash Account on such date, on behalf of each Participant having funds in his Cash Account, the number of whole and fractional shares of Stock determined by dividing the amount in such Cash Account on such date by the purchase price determined under Section 9. 11. STOCK ACCOUNTS -------------- (a) Establishment of Accounts. As soon as reasonably practicable after ------------------------- each Purchase Date, the Company will deliver to a custodian selected by the (the "Custodian"), in electronic form, the total number of shares purchased by all Participants in the Purchase Period. The Custodian will maintain a separate "Stock Account" for each Participant, which will be credited with the number of whole and fractional shares of Stock purchased by the Participant under the Plan. (b) Withdrawals from Stock Accounts. A Participant may at any time ------------------------------- withdraw any whole shares of Stock credited to his Stock Account as to which the holding period requirements of Code Section 423(a)(1) have been satisfied. As soon as practicable after such request by a Participant, the Custodian will cause such whole shares to be transferred in electronic form to a broker designated by the Participant or will cause a certificate representing such Shares to be delivered to the Participant. (c) Rights as Shareholders. A Participant will have all of the rights of a ---------------------- stockholder of the Company with respect to all of the shares of Stock credited to his Stock Account, including the right to vote and receive dividends on such Shares. 12. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT ------------------------- (a) Termination Other Than Due to Death, Disability or Retirement. If a ------------------------------------------------------------- Participant terminates employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary during a Purchase Period for any reason other than death, disability, or Retirement, then the Participant's participation in the Plan will immediately terminate and the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be returned to the Participant. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant who is on an approved leave of absence will not be considered to have terminated employment until the 91st day of such leave of absence or such longer period as the Participant's right to re-employment is guaranteed by law or contract. (b) Termination Due to Death. If a Participant terminates employment with ------------------------ the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary during a Purchase Period due to death, then, at 5 the election of the Participant's beneficiary, the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be (i) delivered to the beneficiary or (ii) held in the Cash Account until the end of the Purchase Period and applied to purchase Stock in accordance with Section 10. (c) Termination Due to Disability or Retirement. If a Participant ------------------------------------------- terminates employment with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary due to Retirement or disability no more than 3 months before the Purchase Date for a Purchase Period, then, at the Participant's election, the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be (i) returned to the Participant, or (ii) held in the Cash Account until the end of the Purchase Period and applied to purchase Stock in accordance with Section 10. If a Participant terminates employment due to Retirement or disability more than 3 months before the Purchase Date for a Purchase Period, then the Participant's participation in the Plan will immediately terminate and the balance of the Participant's Cash Account will be returned to the Participant. (d) Definition of Retirement. For purposes of the Plan, Retirement will ------------------------ mean the attainment by a Participant of age plus whole years of service with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary totaling 65 or more. 13. BENEFICIARY ----------- In the event of the Participant's death, his beneficiary shall be his surviving spouse, or if there is none, his surviving children in equal shares, or if there are none, his estate. 14. COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAW ------------------------------ All shares of Stock issued under the Plan will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends making reference to such restrictions to be placed on the certificates representing such shares. 15. RIGHTS NOT TRANSFERABLE ----------------------- Neither payroll deductions credited to a Participant's account nor any rights under the Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way by the Participant (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or as provided in Section 13 hereof). Rights under the Plan are exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. 6 16. ADJUSTMENT IN CASE OF CHANGES AFFECTING THE COMPANY'S STOCK ----------------------------------------------------------- (a) In General. In the event of a subdivision or consolidation of ---------- outstanding shares of Stock, the payment of a stock dividend thereon, stock split, reverse stock split, or in the event of any "corporate transaction" as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.425-1(a)(1)(ii) (now relating to Code Section 424), the number of shares reserved or authorized to be reserved under the Plan, the number and price of such shares subject to purchase pursuant to rights outstanding hereunder, the maximum number of shares each Participant may purchase during each Purchase Period (pursuant to Section 7) or during each calendar year (pursuant to Section 8), and the number of shares credited to Participants' Stock Accounts, will be adjusted in such manner as may be deemed necessary or equitable by the Board to give proper effect to such event, subject to the limitations of Code Section 424. (b) Effect of Merger. Following consummation of the Merger, outstanding ---------------- purchase rights of HBOC employees under the Plan remained in effect and were assumed by the Company, with appropriate changes to reflect the issuance of shares of Stock. 17. FOREIGN EMPLOYEES ----------------- To the extent permitted under Section 423 of the Code, the Committee may provide for such special terms for Participants who are foreign nationals, or who are employed by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary outside of the United States of America, as the Committee may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom. Moreover, the Committee may approve such supplements to or amendments, restatements, or alternative versions of, this Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes without thereby affecting the terms of this Plan as in effect for any other purpose; provided, however, that no such supplements, amendments, restatements or alternative versions will include any provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, as then in effect, unless this Plan could have been amended to eliminate such inconsistency without further approval by the shareholders of the Company, or which would cause the Plan to fail to meet the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. 18. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN --------------------- The Board may amend the Plan in any respect; provided, however, that, any amendment (i) increasing the number of shares of Stock reserved under the Plan (other than as provided in Section 16), or (ii) any change in the designation of corporations whose employees may be eligible to participate in the Plan, other than a corporation who is a Parent or a Subsidiary, must be approved, within 12 months of the adoption of such an amendment, by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Stock. 7 19. TERMINATION OF THE PLAN ----------------------- The Plan and all rights of Employees hereunder will terminate: (a) as of the Purchase Date on which Participants purchase a number of shares of Stock that substantially exhausts the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan, to such an extent that the Committee determines that no subsequent offerings are practicable; or (b) at any time upon action of the Board; provided, however, that if the Plan is terminated during any Purchase Period, any amounts in a Participant's Cash Account will be returned to the Participant. 20. EFFECTIVE DATE -------------- This Amendment and Restatement will become effective as of May 1, 2000. For Offering Periods prior to May 1, 2000 the terms of the Plan as in effect from time to time are applicable. 21. GOVERNMENT AND OTHER REGULATIONS -------------------------------- (a) In General. The Plan, and the grant and exercise of the rights to ---------- purchase shares of Stock hereunder, and the Company's obligation to sell and deliver shares of Stock, will be subject to all applicable federal, state and foreign laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or government agency as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be required. (b) Withholding Obligations. Each Participant will, no later than the date ----------------------- as of which the value of any purchase right granted under the Plan first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company, regarding payment of any federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such purchase right. The obligations of the Company under the Plan will be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements and the Company will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. 22. INDEMNIFICATION OF COMMITTEE ---------------------------- In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they have as directors or as members of the Committee, the members of the Committee will be indemnified by the Company against reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan 8 or any right granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved to the extent required by and in the manner provided by the Bylaws of the Company relating to indemnification of directors) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it will be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such Committee member did not act in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. 23. EXECUTION --------- This Amendment and Restatement is executed effective as of May 1, 2000, pursuant to the authority granted by the Board on October 27, 1999. MCKESSON HBOC, INC. 5/1/00 /s/ William A. Armstrong ------ ------------------------------------- Date Senior Vice President Human Resources and Administration 9
CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of October 22, 1999 among McKESSON HBOC, INC., BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, as a documentation agent, FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, as a documentation agent, BANK ONE, N.A., as a documentation agent, MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY, as a documentation agent, and THE OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO Arranged by Banc of America Securities LLC TABLE OF CONTENTS ----------------- ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1.1 Certain Defined Terms......................................... 1 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions................................. 15 1.3 Accounting Principles......................................... 16 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 2.1 Amounts and Terms of Commitments.............................. 16 2.2 Loan Accounts................................................. 17 2.3 Procedure for Borrowing....................................... 17 2.4 Conversion and Continuation Elections......................... 18 2.5 Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments............. 19 2.6 Optional Prepayments.......................................... 19 2.7 Repayment..................................................... 20 2.8 Interest...................................................... 20 2.9 Fees.......................................................... 21 2.10 Computation of Fees and Interest.............................. 21 2.11 Payments by the Company....................................... 22 2.12 Payments by the Banks to the Administrative Agent............. 22 2.13 Sharing of Payments, Etc...................................... 23 2.14 Optional Increase in Commitments.............................. 23 2.15 Replacement of a Bank......................................... 24 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.1 Taxes......................................................... 25 3.2 Illegality.................................................... 26 3.3 Increased Costs and Reduction of Return....................... 26 3.4 Funding Losses................................................ 27 3.5 Inability to Determine Rates.................................. 28 3.6 Certificates of Banks......................................... 28 3.7 Survival...................................................... 28 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.1 Conditions of Initial Loans................................... 28 4.2 Conditions to All Borrowings.................................. 30 Section Page ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 5.1 Corporate Existence and Power................................. 31 5.2 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention..................... 32 5.3 Governmental Authorization.................................... 32 5.4 Binding Effect................................................ 32 5.5 Litigation.................................................... 32 5.6 No Default.................................................... 33 5.7 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations........................... 33 5.8 Financial Condition........................................... 33 5.9 Regulated Entities............................................ 33 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions.................................... 33 5.11 Subsidiaries and Certain Liens As of the Closing Date......... 34 5.12 Year 2000 Compliance.......................................... 34 5.13 Disclosed Matters............................................. 34 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 6.1 Financial Statements.......................................... 34 6.2 Certificates; Other Information............................... 35 6.3 Notices....................................................... 35 6.4 Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc...................... 36 6.5 Insurance..................................................... 36 6.6 Payment of Taxes.............................................. 36 6.7 Compliance with Laws.......................................... 37 6.8 Inspection of Property and Books and Records.................. 37 6.9 Use of Proceeds............................................... 37 6.10 Notice of Rating Change....................................... 37 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 7.1 Limitation on Liens........................................... 38 7.2 Consolidations and Mergers.................................... 39 7.3 Use of Proceeds............................................... 39 7.4 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio.......................... 40 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT ii Section Page 8.1 Event of Default............................................. 40 8.2 Remedies..................................................... 41 8.3 Rights Not Exclusive......................................... 42 ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.1 Appointment and Authorization................................ 42 9.2 Delegation of Duties......................................... 42 9.3 Liability of Administrative Agent............................ 42 9.4 Reliance by the Administrative Agent......................... 43 9.5 Notice of Default............................................ 43 9.6 Credit Decision.............................................. 44 9.7 Indemnification of Administrative Agent...................... 44 9.8 Administrative Agent in Individual Capacity.................. 45 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent............................... 45 9.10 Withholding Tax.............................................. 45 9.11 Documentation Agent; Managing Agent.......................... 47 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Amendments and Waivers....................................... 48 10.2 Notices...................................................... 48 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies............................... 48 10.4 Costs and Expenses........................................... 49 10.5 Indemnification by the Company............................... 49 10.6 Payments Set Aside........................................... 50 10.7 Successors and Assigns....................................... 50 10.8 Assignments, Participations, etc............................. 50 10.9 Confidentiality.............................................. 52 10.10 Set-off...................................................... 53 10.11 Notification of Addresses, Lending Offices, Etc.............. 53 10.12 Counterparts................................................. 53 10.13 Severability................................................. 53 10.14 No Third Parties Benefited................................... 53 10.15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction............................... 53 10.16 Waiver of Jury Trial......................................... 54 10.17 Entire Agreement............................................. 54 iii McKesson HBOC, Inc. List of Schedules and Exhibits to Credit Agreement SCHEDULES Schedule 2.1 Commitments; Pro Rata Shares Schedule 5.11 Subsidiaries and Liens Securing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money Schedule 10.2 Lending Offices; Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS Exhibit A Form of Notice of Borrowing Exhibit B Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit D Form of Legal Opinion of Company's Counsel Exhibit E Form of Assignment and Acceptance Exhibit F Form of Promissory Note iv Exhibit 10.32 -------------- CREDIT AGREEMENT ---------------- This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of October 22, 1999 among McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), the several ------- financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement (collectively, the "Banks"; individually, a "Bank"), The Chase Manhattan Bank, as a ----- ---- documentation agent for the Banks, First Union National Bank, as a documentation agent for the Banks, Bank One, N.A., as a documentation agent for the Banks, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, as a documentation agent for the Banks, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Banks. WHEREAS, the Banks have agreed to make available to the Company a revolving credit facility upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1.1 Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement and the other --------------------- Loan Documents, the following terms have the following meanings: "Administrative Agent" means Bank of America in its capacity as -------------------- administrative agent for the Banks hereunder, and any successor agent arising under Section 9.9. "Administrative Agent-Related Persons" means the Administrative Agent ------------------------------------ and any successor agent arising under Section 9.9, together with their respective Affiliates (including, in the case of Bank of America, the Arranger), and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and Affiliates. "Administrative Agent's Payment Office" means the address for payments ------------------------------------- set forth on Schedule 10.2 in relation to the Administrative Agent, or such ------------- other address as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify. "Affiliate" means, as to any Person, any other Person which, directly --------- or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly, 1 the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. "Agreement" means this Credit Agreement. --------- "Applicable Currency" means, as to any particular payment or Loan, ------------------- Dollars. "Applicable Facility Fee" means, on any date and with respect to each ----------------------- Loan (subject to clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of "Applicable Rating Level"), the applicable fee (in basis points) set forth below based on the Applicable Rating Level on such date: Applicable Applicable Facility Rating Level Fee (in basis points) ------------ --------------------- Level I 8.0 Level II 9.0 Level III 11.0 Level IV 12.5 Level V 17.5 Level VI 22.5 "Applicable Margin" means, on any date and with respect to each ----------------- Offshore Rate Loan (subject to clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of "Applicable Rating Level"), the applicable margin set forth below based on the Applicable Rating Level on such date: Applicable Applicable Margin Rating Level (in basis points) ------------ ----------------- Level I 42.0 Level II 46.0 Level III 51.5 Level IV 62.5 Level V 82.5 Level VI 102.5 The margin set forth above for any Applicable Rating Level on a given date shall be increased by fifteen (15.0) basis points if, on such date, the sum of (a) the Total Utilization of Facility A Commitments (as such term is defined in the November 1998 Credit Agreement) existing on such date and (b) outstanding Loans (as defined herein) on such date, exceeds 30% of the sum of (x) the aggregate of the Facility A Commitments (as such term is defined in the November 1998 Credit Agreement) existing on such date and (y) the aggregate of the Commitments (as defined herein) existing on such date. "Applicable Rating Level" shall mean and be determined by the ratings ----------------------- issued from time to time by S&P and Moody's (or S&P or Moody's, if ratings shall be available from only one of such Rating Agencies) in respect of the Company's long-term, senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt in accordance with the following: 2 Rating Level S&P Moody's ------------ --- ------- Level I A or more A2 or more favorable favorable Level II A- A3 Level III BBB+ Baa1 Level IV BBB Baa2 Level V BBB- Baa3 Level VI BB+ or less Ba1 or less or not rated or not rated For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if ratings are available from both S&P and Moody's, and the ratings available from such Rating Agencies do not correspond to the same rating level on the chart above, then (1) if such rating levels differ by only one level on the chart above, then the Applicable Rating Level shall correspond to the higher of the two ratings, and (2) if such rating levels differ by more than one level on the chart above, then the Applicable Rating Level shall correspond to that rating which is one rating higher than the lower of the two ratings; (b) if determinative ratings shall change (other than as a result of a change in the rating system used by any applicable Rating Agency) such that a change in the Applicable Rating Level would result, such change shall effect a change in the Applicable Rating Level as of the day on which the Administrative Agent receives notice of such change (such day, a "Change Day"), and any change in the ---------- Applicable Margin shall take effect commencing on such Change Day and ending on the date immediately preceding the next Change Day; (c) if the rating system of any of the Rating Agencies shall change prior to the date all obligations hereunder have been paid and the Commitments cancelled, the Company and the Majority Banks shall negotiate in good faith to amend the references to specific ratings in this definition to reflect such changed rating system, and pending such amendment, if no Applicable Rating Level is otherwise determinable based upon the foregoing, the most recent Applicable Rating Level in effect shall apply; (d) if the Company shall fail to give notice to the Administrative Agent of any change in rating by any Rating Agency in respect of the Company's long-term, senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt on the date required by Section 6.10, the Applicable Rating Level shall be deemed to be Level VI for the period from the date such notice was required to be delivered to the date such notice is received by the Administrative Agent; and (e) subject to subsection 2.8(c), upon the occurrence of and during the existence of an Event of Default, the Applicable Rating Level shall be deemed to be Level VI. "Arranger" means Banc of America Securities LLC, a Delaware limited -------- liability company. "Assignee" has the meaning specified in subsection 10.8(a). -------- "Assignment and Acceptance" has the meaning specified in subsection ------------------------- 10.8(a). 3 "Attorney Costs" means and includes all reasonable fees and -------------- disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel, the allocated reasonable cost of internal legal services and all reasonable disbursements of internal counsel; provided that no fees or disbursements shall qualify as -------- Attorney Costs unless written evidence substantiating such fees and disbursements is available to the Company upon request. "Bank" has the meaning specified in the introductory clause hereto. ---- "Bank of America" means Bank of America, N.A., a national banking --------------- association. "Bankruptcy Code" means the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 --------------- U.S.C. (S)101, et seq.). ------- "Base Rate" means, for any day, the higher of: (a) 0.50% per annum --------- above the Federal Funds Rate in effect for that day; and (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its "prime rate." (The "prime rate" is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.) Any change in the prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. "Base Rate Loan" means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base -------------- Rate. "Borrowing" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of Loans of the --------- same Type made to the Company on the same day by the Banks under Article II, and, other than in the case of Base Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period. "Borrowing Date" means any date on which a Borrowing occurs under -------------- Section 2.3. "Bridge Facility" has the meaning specified in Section 4.1(g)(ii). --------------- "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other ------------ day on which commercial banks in New York City, Chicago or San Francisco are authorized or required by law to close and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Offshore Rate Loan, means such a day on which dealings in the Applicable Currency are carried on in the applicable offshore interbank market. "Capital Adequacy Regulation" means any guideline, request or --------------------------- directive of any central bank or other Governmental Authority, or any other law, rule or regulation, whether or not having the force of law, in each case, regarding capital adequacy of any bank or of any corporation controlling a bank. "Closing Date" means the date on which all conditions precedent set ------------ forth in Section 4.1 are satisfied or waived by all Banks (or, in the case of subsection 4.1(e), waived by the Person entitled to receive such payment). 4 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and regulations ---- promulgated thereunder. "Commitment", as of any date of determination as to each Bank, has the ---------- meaning specified in Section 2.1, and "Commitments" means the aggregate amount ----------- of the Commitments for each Bank in effect on such date. "Company" has the meaning specified in the introductory clause hereto. ------- "Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form ---------------------- of Exhibit C. "Contingent Obligation" means, as to any Person, any direct or --------------------- indirect liability of that Person, whether or not contingent, with or without recourse, (a) with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation (the "primary obligations") of another Person (the "primary obligor"), including any obligation of that Person (i) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such primary obligations or any security therefor, (ii) to advance or provide funds for the payment or discharge of any such primary obligation, or to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation, or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof (each, a "Guaranty Obligation"); (b) with ------------------- respect to any Surety Instrument issued for the account of that Person or as to which that Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings or payments; (c) to purchase any materials, supplies or other property from, or to obtain the services of, another Person if the relevant contract or other related document or obligation requires that payment for such materials, supplies or other property, or for such services, shall be made regardless of whether delivery of such materials, supplies or other property is ever made or tendered, or such services are ever performed or tendered, or (d) in respect of any Swap Contract. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall, in the case of Guaranty Obligations, be deemed equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guaranty Obligation is made or, if not stated or if indeterminable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof, and in the case of other Contingent Obligations, shall be equal to the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof. "Contractual Obligation" means, as to any Person, any provision of any ---------------------- security issued by such Person or of any agreement, undertaking, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, document or agreement to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. "Conversion/Continuation Date" means any date on which, under Section ---------------------------- 2.4, the Company (a) converts Loans of one Type to another Type, or (b) continues as Loans of the same Type, but with a new Interest Period, Loans having Interest Periods expiring on such date. 5 "Default" means any event or circumstance which, with the giving of ------- notice, the lapse of time, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute an Event of Default. "Disclosed Matters" means (i) those matters described in the Company's ----------------- press release dated April 28, 1999 (the "Press Release"), (ii) litigation which (A) is related to the matters disclosed in the Press Release and (B) has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks prior to the Closing Date, and (iii) other matters related to the matters disclosed in the Press Release which have been publicly disclosed by the Company in its filings with the SEC prior to the Closing Date. "Dollars", "dollars" and "$" each means the lawful money of the United ------- ------- - States. "Eligible Assignee" means (i) a commercial bank organized under the ----------------- laws of the United States, or any state thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000; (ii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the OECD, or a political subdivision of any such country, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000, provided that such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States; and (iii) a Person that is primarily engaged in the business of commercial banking and that is (A) a Subsidiary of a Bank, (B) a Subsidiary of a Person of which a Bank is a Subsidiary, or (C) a Person of which a Bank is a Subsidiary. "Employee Benefit Plan" means any "employee benefit plan" as defined --------------------- in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is, or was at any time, maintained or contributed to by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. "Environmental Laws" means all federal, state, provincial or local ------------------ laws, statutes, common law duties, rules, regulations, ordinances and codes, together with all administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authorities, in each case relating to environmental, health, safety or land use matters. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and ----- regulations promulgated thereunder. "ERISA Affiliate", as applied to any Person, means (i) any corporation --------------- which is, or was at any time, a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is, or was at any time, a member; (ii) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is, or was at any time, a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is, or was at any time, a member; and (iii) any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which that Person, any corporation described in clause (i) above or any trade or business described in clause (ii) above is, or was at any time, a member; provided that an ERISA Affiliate shall not include a Person that was a member, as referenced in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above if the Company or any of its 6 Subsidiaries would not have any liability in connection with an ERISA Event with respect to such Person. "ERISA Event" means (i) a "reportable event" within the meaning of ----------- Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the provision for 30-day notice to the PBGC has been waived by regulation); (ii) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(d) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 412(m) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (iii) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (iv) the withdrawal by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability pursuant to Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (v) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition which might constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability on the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the withdrawal by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefor, or the receipt by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA; (viii) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Section 409 or 502(c), (i) or (l) or 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Employee Benefit Plan; (ix) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Benefit Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan or the assets thereof, or against the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates in connection with any such Employee Benefit Plan; (x) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; or (xi) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) or 412(n) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. "Eurodollar Reserve Percentage" has the meaning specified in the ----------------------------- definition of "Offshore Rate." "Event of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified ---------------- in Section 8.1. "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and ------------ regulations promulgated thereunder. 7 "Exposure" means, prior to the termination of the Commitments, such -------- Bank's Commitment, and, after the termination of the Commitments, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans made by such Bank. "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and any ---- Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any day, the rate set forth in the ------------------ weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (including any such successor, "H.15(519)") on the preceding Business Day opposite the caption "Federal Funds (Effective)"; or, if for any relevant day such rate is not so published on any such preceding Business Day, the rate for such day will be the arithmetic mean as determined by the Administrative Agent of the rates for the last transaction in overnight Federal funds arranged prior to 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on that day by each of three leading brokers of Federal funds transactions in New York City selected by the Administrative Agent. "Fee Letter" has the meaning specified in subsection 2.9(a). ---------- "FRB" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and --- any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from ---- time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the U.S. accounting profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination; provided that with respect to Subsidiaries not organized in the United States, "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in accordance with agencies with similar function of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession in the relevant jurisdiction. "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or ---------------------- other political subdivision thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled, through stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing. "Guaranty Obligation" has the meaning specified in the definition of ------------------- "Contingent Obligation". "Indebtedness" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all ------------ indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business on ordinary terms); (c) all non-contingent reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to Surety Instruments; provided that this clause (c) shall not include up to $25,000,000 of non-contingent reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to Surety Instruments that do 8 not support indebtedness for borrowed money to the extent that no default has occurred with respect to the payment thereof; (d) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses; (e) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to property acquired by the Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); (f) all obligations with respect to capital leases; (g) all net obligations with respect to Swap Contracts; and (h) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in property (including accounts and contracts rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness. "Indemnified Liabilities" has the meaning specified in Section 10.5. ----------------------- "Indemnified Person" has the meaning specified in Section 10.5. ------------------ "Independent Auditor" has the meaning specified in subsection 6.1(a). ------------------- "Ineligible Securities" has the meaning specified in subsection --------------------- 7.3(b). "Insolvency Proceeding" means (a) any case, action or proceeding --------------------- before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors, or other similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code. "Interest Payment Date" means, as to any Offshore Rate Loan, the last --------------------- day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and, as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each calendar quarter; provided, however, that if -------- ------- any Interest Period for an Offshore Rate Loan exceeds three months, the date that falls three months after the beginning of such Interest Period and after each Interest Payment Date thereafter is also an Interest Payment Date. "Interest Period" means, as to any Offshore Rate Loan, the period --------------- commencing on the Borrowing Date of such Loan or on the Conversion/Continuation Date on which the Loan is converted into or continued as an Offshore Rate Loan, and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter as selected by the Company in its Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation; provided that: -------- (1) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the following Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month, in which event such Interest Period shall end on the preceding Business Day; 9 (2) any Interest Period pertaining to an Offshore Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and (3) no Interest Period for any Loan shall extend beyond the Revolving Facility Termination Date. "IRS" means the Internal Revenue Service, and any Governmental --- Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions under the Code. "Lending Office" means, as to any Bank, the office of such Bank -------------- specified as its "Lending Office" on Schedule 10.2, or such other office or ------------- offices as such Bank may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent. "LIBOR" has the meaning specified in the definition of the "Offshore ----- Rate." "Lien" means any security interest, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, ---- hypothecation, assignment, charge or deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other) or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever in respect of any property (including those created by, arising under or evidenced by any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a capital lease, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, or the filing of any financing statement naming the owner of the asset to which such lien relates as debtor, under the Uniform Commercial Code or any comparable law, but not including the interest of a lessor under an operating lease or the sale of accounts receivable, whether or not such sale is evidenced by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code) and any contingent or other agreement to provide any of the foregoing. "Loan" means an extension of credit by a Bank to the Company under ---- Article II, and may be a Base Rate Loan or an Offshore Rate Loan (each, a "Type" ---- of Loan). "Loan Documents" means this Agreement, any Notes and all other -------------- documents delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Bank in connection herewith. "Majority Banks" means at any time Banks then holding greater than 50% -------------- of the combined Exposure at such time of all Banks. "Margin Stock" means "margin stock" as such term is defined in ------------ Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. "Material Adverse Effect" means (a) a material adverse change in, or a ----------------------- material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or any Material Subsidiary; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Company to perform under any Loan Document and to 10 avoid any Event of Default; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Company of any Loan Document. "Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary having at ------------------- such time 10% or more of the Company's consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon the Company's most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 6.1. "Medis" means Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc., an ----- Ontario corporation and indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company. "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and any successor ------- thereto that is a nationally-recognized rating agency. "Multiemployer Plan" means a "multiemployer plan", as defined in ------------------ Section 3(37) of ERISA, to which the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates is contributing, or ever has contributed, or to which the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates has, or ever has had, an obligation to contribute. "Net Worth" means the sum of the capital stock and additional paid in --------- capital plus retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) of the Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP on such date. "Note" means a promissory note executed by the Company in favor of a ---- Bank pursuant to subsection 2.2(b), substantially in the form of Exhibit F. "Notice of Borrowing" means a notice substantially in the form of ------------------- Exhibit A. "Notice of Conversion/Continuation" means a notice substantially in --------------------------------- the form of Exhibit B. "November 1998 Credit Agreement" has the meaning specified in Section ------------------------------ 4.1(g)(i). "Obligations" means all advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, ----------- covenants and duties arising under any Loan Document owing by the Company to any Bank, the Administrative Agent, or any Indemnified Person, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. "OECD" means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and ---- Development. "Offshore Rate" means, for any Interest Period, with respect to ------------- Offshore Rate Loans comprising part of the same Borrowing, the rate of interest per annum (rounded upward to the next 1/100th of 1%) determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: 11 Offshore Rate = LIBOR ------------------------------------- 1.00 - Eurodollar Reserve Percentage Where, "Eurodollar Reserve Percentage" means for any day for any Interest ----------------------------- Period the maximum reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal, rounded upward to the next 1/100th of 1%) in effect on such day (whether or not applicable to any Bank) under regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as "Eurocurrency liabilities"); and "LIBOR" means the London Interbank Offering Rate for, as applicable, ----- 1-, 2-, 3- or 6-month dollar deposits, appearing on page 3750 of the Telerate Screen (or on any successor or substitute page of such service, or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of such service, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to dollar deposits in the interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If, for any reason, such rate is unavailable at such time, then LIBOR shall be the rate of interest per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward to the next 1/16th of 1%) of the rates of interest per annum notified to the Administrative Agent by each Reference Bank as the rate of interest at which deposits in the Applicable Currency in the approximate amount of the amount of the Loan to be made or continued as, or converted into, an Offshore Rate Loan by such Reference Bank and having a maturity comparable to such Interest Period would be offered to major banks in the London interbank market at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. The Offshore Rate shall be adjusted automatically as to all Offshore Rate Loans then outstanding as of the effective date of any change in the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage. "Offshore Rate Loan" means a Loan that bears interest based on an ------------------ Offshore Rate. "Organization Documents" means, for any corporation, the certificate ---------------------- or articles of incorporation, the bylaws, any certificate of determination or instrument relating to the rights of preferred shareholders of such corporation, any shareholder rights agreement, and all applicable resolutions of the board of directors (or any committee thereof) of such corporation. "Other Taxes" means any present or future stamp or documentary taxes ----------- or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. "Participant" has the meaning specified in subsection 10.8(d). ----------- 12 "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any ---- Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions under ERISA. "Pension Plan" means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a ------------ Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA. "Permitted Liens" has the meaning specified in Section 7.1. --------------- "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, business ------ trust, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other organization or Governmental Authority. "Press Release" has the meaning specified in the definition of ------------- "Disclosed Matters" set forth herein. "Pro Rata Share" means, as to any Bank at any time, the percentage -------------- equivalent (expressed as a decimal, rounded to the ninth decimal place) at such time of (a) such Bank's Exposure, divided by (b) the combined Exposure of all ---------- Banks at such time. "Rating Agency" means S&P and Moody's. ------------- "Reference Banks" means Bank of America, The Chase Manhattan Bank, --------------- First Union National Bank, Bank One, N.A. and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company. "Requirement of Law" means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or ------------------ common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or any of its property or to which the Person or any of its property is subject, including but not limited to any Environmental Law. "Responsible Officer" means a chief executive officer, a president, ------------------- any corporate vice president or the treasurer of the Company; and, with respect to compliance with financial covenants, the chief financial officer or the treasurer of the Company. "Revolving Facility Termination Date" means the earlier to occur of: ----------------------------------- (a) October 19, 2000; and (b) the date on which the Commitments terminate in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and any successor thereto --- that is a nationally-recognized rating agency. "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any --- Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. "Subject Bank" has the meaning specified in Section 2.15. ------------ 13 "Subsidiary" of a Person means any corporation, association, ---------- partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50% of the voting stock or other equity interests (in the case of Persons other than corporations), is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Person, or one or more of the Subsidiaries of the Person, or a combination thereof. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, references herein to a "Subsidiary" refer to a Subsidiary of the Company. "Surety Instruments" means all letters of credit (including standby ------------------ and commercial), banker's acceptances, bank guaranties, shipside bonds, surety bonds and similar instruments. "Swap Contract" means any agreement (including any master agreement ------------- and any agreement, whether or not in writing, relating to any single transaction) that is an interest rate swap agreement, basis swap, forward rate agreement, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap or option, bond option, interest rate option, forward foreign exchange agreement, rate cap, collar or floor agreement, currency swap agreement, cross-currency rate swap agreement, swaption, currency option or any other, similar agreement (including any option to enter into any of the foregoing). "Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, ----- deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding, in the case of each Bank and the Administrative Agent, such taxes (including, without limitation, income taxes, capital taxes, minimum taxes, branch taxes, capital gains taxes or franchise taxes) (i) as are imposed on or measured by each Bank's or the Administrative Agent's, as the case may be, net income or taxable capital by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Bank or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, is organized or in respect of which it is a resident or within which it maintains the actual lending office or (ii) to the extent attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base located in any jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) identified in (i) hereof. "Total Capitalization" means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt -------------------- and (b) the Net Worth on such date. "Total Debt" means, on any date, all Indebtedness of the Company and ---------- its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis on such date. "Type" has the meaning specified in the definition of "Loan." ---- "Unfunded Pension Liability" means the excess of a Pension Plan's -------------------------- benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan's assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. "United States" and "U.S." each means the United States of America. ------------- ---- "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" means any corporation in which (other than ----------------------- directors' qualifying shares required by law) 100% of the capital stock of each class having 14 ordinary voting power, and 100% of the capital stock of every other class, in each case, at the time as of which any determination is being made, is owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company, or by one or more of the other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, or both. "Year 2000 Problem" means the inability of computers, as well as ----------------- embedded microchips in non-computing devices, to perform properly date-sensitive functions with respect to certain dates prior to and after December 31, 1999. 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions. ------------------------------ (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. (b) The words "hereof", "herein", "hereunder" and similar words refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; and subsection, Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. (c) (i) The term "documents" includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, indentures, notices and other writings, however evidenced. (ii) The term "including" is not limiting and means "including without limitation." (iii) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including"; the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding", and the word "through" means "to and including." (d) Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) references to agreements (including this Agreement) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of any Loan Document, and (ii) references to any statute or regulation are to be construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting the statute or regulation. (e) The captions and headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. (f) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may use several different limitations, tests or measurements to regulate the same or similar matters. All such limitations, tests and measurements are cumulative and shall each be performed in accordance with their terms. (g) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are the result of negotiations among and have been reviewed by counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the other parties, and are the products of all parties. Accordingly, they shall not be 15 construed against the Banks or the Administrative Agent merely because of the Administrative Agent's or Banks' involvement in their preparation. 1.3 Accounting Principles. ---------------------- (a) Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, all accounting terms not expressly defined herein shall be construed, and all financial computations required under this Agreement shall be made, in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied. (b) If any changes in accounting principles from those used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.8 hereafter occasioned by the promulgation of rules, regulations, pronouncements and opinions by or required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or successors thereto or agencies with similar functions) result in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms found in Articles I, VI and VII hereof, the parties hereto agree to enter into negotiations in order to amend such provisions so as to equitably reflect such changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Company's financial condition shall be the same after such changes as if such changes had not been made. (c) References herein to "fiscal year" and "fiscal quarter" refer to such fiscal periods of the Company. ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 2.1 Amounts and Terms of Commitments. Each Bank severally agrees, on --------------------------------- and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to make Base Rate Loans or Offshore Rate Loans denominated in Dollars to the Company from time to time as requested by the Company in accordance with Sections 2.3 and 10.2 on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to but not including the Revolving Facility Termination Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount set forth opposite its name in the column under the heading "Commitments" on Schedule 2.1 (such amount, as the same may be reduced ------------ under Section 2.5 or as a result of one or more assignments under Section 10.8, the Bank's "Commitment"); provided, however, that, after giving effect to any ---------- -------- ------- Borrowing, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans to the Company shall not at any time exceed the combined Commitments. Within the limits of each Bank's Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may, until the Revolving Facility Termination Date, borrow under this Section 2.1, prepay under Section 2.6 and reborrow under this Section 2.1; provided further that no Loan to the Company shall be denominated in or -------- ------- payable in a currency other than Dollars. The aggregate of all Commitments hereunder on the date of this Agreement is $850,000,000. 2.2 Loan Accounts. -------------- (a) The Loans made by each Bank shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by such Bank in the ordinary course of business. The loan 16 accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Bank shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by the Banks to the Company and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure so to record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Company hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Loans made to the Company. (b) Upon the request of any Bank made through the Administrative Agent, the Loans made by such Bank to the Company may be evidenced by one or more Notes, instead of loan accounts. Each such Bank shall endorse on the schedules annexed to its Note(s) the date, amount and maturity of each Loan made by it and the amount and Applicable Currency of each payment of principal made by the Company with respect thereto. Each such Bank is irrevocably authorized by the Company to endorse its Note(s) and each Bank's record shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided, however, that the failure of a Bank to make, or -------- ------- an error in making, a notation thereon with respect to any Loan shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Company hereunder or under any such Note to such Bank. 2.3 Procedure for Borrowing. ------------------------ (a) Each Borrowing of a Loan shall be made upon the Company's irrevocable written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a Notice of Borrowing (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 9:00 a.m. (San Francisco time)) (i) three Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Offshore Rate Loans; and (ii) on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Base Rate Loans. Each Notice of Borrowing shall specify: (A) the amount of the Borrowing, which shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $5,000,000 or any multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; (B) the requested Borrowing Date, which shall be a Business Day; (C) the Type of Loans comprising the Borrowing; and (D) the duration of the Interest Period applicable to such Loans included in such notice. If the Notice of Borrowing fails to specify the duration of the Interest Period for any Borrowing comprised of Offshore Rate Loans, such Interest Period shall be three months. (b) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Bank of its receipt of any Notice of Borrowing requesting a Borrowing of a Loan and the amount of such Bank's Pro Rata Share of that Borrowing. (c) Each Bank will make the amount of its Pro Rata Share of each Borrowing of a Loan available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Company at the Administrative Agent's Payment Office on the Borrowing Date requested by the Company in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent and in Dollars, by 11:00 a.m. (San 17 Francisco time). The proceeds of all such Loans will then be made available to the Company on the Borrowing Date by the Administrative Agent at such office by crediting the account of the Company on the books of Bank of America with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Banks and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. (d) After giving effect to any Borrowing, there may not be more than twelve different Interest Periods in effect. 2.4 Conversion and Continuation Elections. -------------------------------------- (a) The Company may in respect of its outstanding Loans, upon irrevocable written notice to the Administrative Agent in accordance with subsection 2.4(b): (i) elect, as of any Business Day, in the case of Base Rate Loans, or as of the last day of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of any other Type of Loans, to convert any such Loans (or any part thereof in an amount not less than $10,000,000, or that is in an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof) into Loans of any other Type; or (ii) elect, as of the last day of the applicable Interest Period, to continue any Loans having Interest Periods expiring on such day (or any part thereof in an amount not less than $10,000,000, or that is in an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof); provided, that if at any time the aggregate amount of Offshore Rate Loans in - -------- respect of any Borrowing is reduced, by payment, prepayment, or conversion of part thereof to be less than $10,000,000, such Offshore Rate Loans shall automatically convert into Base Rate Loans, and on and after such date the right of the Company to continue such Loans as, and convert such Loans into, Offshore Rate Loans shall terminate. (b) The Company, in the case of a conversion or continuation of a Loan, shall deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation to be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. (San Francisco time) (i) three Business Days in advance of the Conversion/Continuation Date, if the Loans are to be converted into or continued as Offshore Rate Loans denominated in Dollars; and (ii) on the Conversion/Continuation Date, if the Loans are to be converted into Base Rate Loans. Each Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall specify: (A) the proposed Conversion/Continuation Date; (B) the aggregate amount of Loans to be converted or renewed; (C) the Type of Loans resulting from the proposed conversion or continuation; and 18 (D) other than in the case of conversions into Base Rate Loans, the duration of the requested Interest Period. (c) If, upon the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to Offshore Rate Loans, the Company has failed to select in a timely manner a new Interest Period to be applicable to such Offshore Rate Loans, or if any Default or Event of Default then exists, the Company shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Offshore Rate Loans into Base Rate Loans effective as of the expiration date of such Interest Period. (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Bank of its receipt of a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, or, if no timely notice is provided by the Company, the Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Bank of the details of any automatic conversion. All conversions and continuations shall be made ratably according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Loans held by each Bank with respect to which the notice was given. (e) Unless the Majority Banks otherwise agree, during the existence of a Default or Event of Default, the Company may not elect to have a Loan converted into or continued as an Offshore Rate Loan. (f) After giving effect to any conversion or continuation of Loans, there may not be more than ten different Interest Periods in effect. 2.5 Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The Company -------------------------------------------------- may, upon not less than three Business Days' prior notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate or permanently reduce the Commitments, provided that any such permanent reduction shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $10,000,000 or any multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; unless, after giving effect ------ thereto and to any prepayments of Loans made on the effective date thereof, the then-outstanding principal amount of the Loans would exceed the amount of the combined Commitments then in effect. Once reduced in accordance with this Section, the Commitments may not be increased, except as provided in Section 2.14. Any reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to each Bank according to its Pro Rata Share. All accrued commitment fees to, but not including, the effective date of any reduction or termination of Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such reduction or termination. 2.6 Optional Prepayments. Subject to Section 3.4, the Company may at -------------------- any time or from time to time, upon irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent (i) of not less than three Business Days in the case of Offshore Rate Loans (ii) by no later than 9:00 a.m. (San Francisco time) on the date specified for prepayment in the case of Base Rate Loans, prepay Loans in whole or in part, in minimum amounts of $10,000,000 or any multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Any notice of prepayment shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Bank of its receipt of any such notice, and of such Bank's Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with accrued interest to each such date on the amount prepaid and any amounts required pursuant to Section 3.4. 19 2.7 Repayment. ---------- (a) Repayment on Termination Dates and Maturity Dates. The Company ------------------------------------------------- shall repay to the Administrative Agent for payment to the Banks on the Revolving Facility Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of Loans made to the Company and outstanding on such date. (b) Repayments Due to Reductions or Restrictions of Commitments. From ----------------------------------------------------------- time to time, if the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans to the Company exceeds the Commitments of all Banks then in effect, the Company shall prepay the Loans to the extent necessary so that the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans shall not at any time exceed such Commitments. 2.8 Interest. --------- (a) Each Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing Date as follows: (i) if a Base Rate Loan, then at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate; and (ii) if an Offshore Rate Loan, then at a rate per annum equal to the Offshore Rate plus the Applicable Margin. ---- (b) Interest on each Loan shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Interest shall also be paid on the date of any prepayment of Loans under Section 2.6 for the portion of the Loans so prepaid and upon payment (including prepayment) in full thereof and, during the existence of any Event of Default, interest shall be paid on demand of the Administrative Agent at the request or with the consent of the Majority Banks. (c) Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this Section, if any amount of principal of or interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document is not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, demand or otherwise), the Company agrees to pay interest on such unpaid principal or other amount, from the date such amount becomes due until the date such amount is paid in full, and after as well as before entry of judgment thereon to the extent permitted by law, payable on demand, at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus 1%. ---- (d) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of the Company to any Bank hereunder shall be subject to the limitation that payments of interest shall not be required for any period for which interest is computed hereunder, to the extent (but only to the extent) that contracting for or receiving such payment by such Bank would be contrary to the provisions of any law applicable to such Bank limiting the highest rate of interest that may be lawfully contracted for, charged or received by such Bank, and in such event the Company shall pay such Bank interest at the highest rate permitted by applicable law. 20 2.9 Fees. ----- (a) Upfront, Arrangement, Administrative Fees. The Company shall pay ----------------------------------------- an upfront fee to the Banks, an arrangement fee to the Arranger for the Arranger's own account, and shall pay an administrative fee to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agent's own account, as required by the letter agreement ("Fee Letter") among the Company, the Arranger and the ---------- Administrative Agent dated September 17, 1999. (b) Facility Fees. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent ------------- for the account of each Bank a facility fee computed on a quarterly basis in arrears on the later of the fifth Business Day following the end of each calendar quarter or the fifth Business Day after the Company has received from the Administrative Agent a notice setting forth the amount of such fee equal to its Pro Rata Share of the Applicable Facility Fee. The facility fee for any period shall be equal to, (i) the average for such period of the combined Commitments of all Banks multiplied by (ii) the Applicable Facility Fee. ------------- Such facility fee shall accrue from the Closing Date to the Revolving Facility Termination Date and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each date specified above following the end of each calendar quarter through such termination date, with the final payment to be made on such termination date; provided that, in connection with any reduction or termination of -------- ---- Commitments under Section 2.5, the accrued facility fee calculated for the period ending on such date shall also be paid on the date of such reduction or termination, with the following quarterly payment being calculated on the basis of the period from such reduction or termination date to such quarterly payment date. The facility fee provided in this subsection shall accrue at all times after the Closing Date, including at any time during which one or more conditions in Article IV are not met. 2.10 Computation of Fees and Interest. --------------------------------- (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America's "prime rate" shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more interest being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest and fees shall accrue during each period during which interest or such fees are computed from the first day thereof to the last day thereof. (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Banks in the absence of manifest error. (c) If any Reference Bank's Commitment terminates (other than on termination of all the Commitments), or for any reason whatsoever the Reference Bank ceases to be a Bank hereunder, that Reference Bank shall thereupon cease to be a Reference Bank, and the Offshore Rate shall be determined on the basis of the rates as notified by the remaining Reference Banks. 21 (d) Each Reference Bank shall use its best efforts to furnish quotations of rates to the Administrative Agent as contemplated hereby. If any of the Reference Banks fails to supply such rates to the Administrative Agent upon its request, the rate of interest shall be determined on the basis of the quotations of the remaining Reference Banks. 2.11 Payments by the Company. ------------------------ (a) All payments to be made by the Company shall be made without set- off, recoupment or counterclaim. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Company shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Banks at the Administrative Agent's Payment Office, and, with respect to all amounts payable hereunder, shall be made in Dollars. Such payments shall be made in immediately available funds, and no later than 12:00 noon (San Francisco time) on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Bank its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as expressly provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received. Any payment received by the Administrative Agent later than 12:00 noon (San Francisco time), shall be deemed to have been received on the following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. (b) Subject to the provisions set forth in the definition of "Interest Period" herein, whenever any payment is due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the following Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. (c) Unless the Administrative Agent receives notice from the Company prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Banks that the Company will not make such payment in full as and when required, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Company has made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent on such date in immediately available funds and the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to each Bank on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Bank. If and to the extent the Company has not made such payment in full to the Administrative Agent, each Bank shall repay to the Administrative Agent on demand such amount distributed to such Bank, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Rate for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Bank until the date repaid. 2.12 Payments by the Banks to the Administrative Agent. -------------------------------------------------- (a) Unless the Administrative Agent receives notice from a Bank at least one Business Day prior to the date of any Borrowing, that such Bank will not make available as and when required hereunder to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Company the amount of that Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that each Bank has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds on the Borrowing Date and the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Company on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent any Bank shall not have made its full amount available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds and the Administrative 22 Agent in such circumstances has made available to the Company such amount, that Bank shall on the Business Day following such Borrowing Date make such amount available to the Administrative Agent, together with interest at the Federal Funds Rate for each day during such period. A notice of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Bank with respect to amounts owing under this subsection (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If such amount is so made available, such payment to the Administrative Agent shall constitute such Bank's Loan on the date of Borrowing for all purposes of this Agreement. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent on the Business Day following the Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent will notify the Company of such failure to fund and, upon demand by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agent's account, together with interest thereon for each day elapsed since the date of such Borrowing, at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans comprising such Borrowing. (b) The failure of any Bank to make any Loan on any Borrowing Date shall not relieve any other Bank of any obligation hereunder to make a Loan on such Borrowing Date, but no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank to make the Loan to be made by such other Bank on any Borrowing Date. 2.13 Sharing of Payments, Etc. If, other than as expressly provided ------------------------- elsewhere herein, any Bank shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it to the Company any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) in excess of its Pro Rata Share, such Bank shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Banks such participations in the Loans made by them to the Company as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Bank to share the excess payment pro rata with each of them; provided, however, that if all or any -------- ------- portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Bank, such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Bank shall repay to the purchasing Bank the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Bank's ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Bank's required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Bank) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Bank in respect of the total amount so recovered. The Company agrees that any Bank so purchasing a participation from another Bank may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of set-off, but subject to Section 10.10) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Bank were the direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section and will in each case notify the Banks following any such purchases or repayments. 2.14 Optional Increase in Commitments. At any time prior to the --------------------------------- Revolving Facility Termination Date, if no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall have the option to increase the total amount of the Commitments either by (a) increasing the Commitment of one or more Banks already party to this Agreement or (b) adding a financial institution not a party hereto (a "New Bank") as a party to this Agreement. The effectiveness of -------- any such increase is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 23 (i) that the Company shall provide prompt notice of such increase to the Administrative Agent, who shall promptly notify the other Banks; (ii) that each Bank whose Commitment is to increase shall have agreed to such increase by a writing addressed to the Company and to the Administrative Agent; (iii) that each New Bank shall be an Eligible Assignee; (iv) that each New Bank shall have executed counterpart signature pages of this Agreement; (v) the total Commitments, following such increase, shall not exceed $1,150,000,000; and (vi) the sum of (A) all increases in Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.14 and (B) all increases in commitments under the November 1998 Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 2.14 thereof, shall not exceed $300,000,000. Upon any such increase in the Commitments of a Bank already party to this Agreement, the signature page hereto for such Bank shall be deemed to be amended to reflect such increase. If a New Bank becomes a party to this Agreement, the counterpart signatures executed by such New Bank shall indicate the Commitments of such New Bank. In case of any increase in Commitments, Schedule 2.1 shall be modified accordingly. ------------ 2.15 Replacement of a Bank. If the Company receives a notice of --------------------- amounts due pursuant to subsection 3.3(a) or subsection 3.3(b) from a Bank or a Bank defaults in its obligations hereunder (any such Bank, a "Subject Bank"), so long as (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Company has obtained a commitment from another Bank or an Eligible Assignee to purchase at par the Subject Bank's Loans and assume the Subject Bank's Commitments and all other obligations of the Subject Bank hereunder and (ii) the Subject Bank is unwilling to remedy its default or withdraw its notice, upon 10 days' prior written notice to the Subject Bank and the Administrative Agent, the Company may require the Subject Bank to assign all of its Loans and Commitments to such other Bank or Eligible Assignee pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.8; provided that, prior to or concurrently with such replacement (i) the Company has paid to the Subject Bank all amounts under Article III through such date of replacement, (ii) Company or the applicable assignee have paid to Administrative Agent the processing fee required to be paid by Section 10.8 and (iii) all of the requirements for such assignment contained in Section 10.8, including, without limitation, the consent of the Administrative Agent (if required) and the receipt by the Administrative Agent of an executed Assignment Agreement and other supporting documents, have been fulfilled. 24 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.1 Taxes. ------ (a) Any and all payments by the Company to each Bank or the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes. In addition, the Company shall pay all Other Taxes. (b) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Bank and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes (including any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section) paid by the Bank or the Administrative Agent and any liability (including penalties, interest, additions to tax and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. Payment under this indemnification shall be made within 30 days after the date the Bank or the Administrative Agent makes written demand therefor. (c) If the Company shall be required by law to deduct or withhold any Taxes or Other Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Bank or the Administrative Agent, then: (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions and withholdings (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) such Bank or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made; (ii) the Company shall make such deductions and withholdings; (iii) the Company shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxing authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law; and (iv) the Company shall also pay to such Bank or the Administrative Agent at the time the sum payable is paid, all additional amounts which the Bank or Administrative Agent specifies as necessary to preserve the after-tax yield the Bank or Administrative Agent would have received if such Taxes or Other Taxes had not been imposed. (d) Within 30 days after the date of any payment by the Company of Taxes or Other Taxes, the Company shall furnish the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof, or other evidence of payment satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (e) If the Company is required to pay additional amounts to any Bank or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.1, then such Bank shall use reasonable efforts 25 (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to take such actions as are necessary to minimize the Company's obligations under this Article III, including without limitation, changing the jurisdiction of its Lending Office so as to eliminate any such additional payment by the Company which may thereafter accrue, if such actions in the sole judgment of such Bank are not otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.1, the Company shall not be required to compensate an Assignee or Participant of a Loan for withholding taxes, if at the time of such assignment (i) the assigning Bank was not subject to withholding taxes in respect of any amount in respect of the Loans and (ii) the Assignee or Participant was subject to withholding taxes at the time of such assignment in respect of such amount. (g) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Company hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Company contained in this Section 3.1 shall survive the payment in full of principal and interest hereunder and under any instrument delivered hereunder. 3.2 Illegality. ----------- (a) If any Bank determines that the introduction of any Requirement of Law, or any change in any Requirement of Law, or in the interpretation or administration of any Requirement of Law, has made it unlawful, or that any central bank or other Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Bank or its applicable Lending Office to make Offshore Rate Loans, then, on notice thereof by the Bank to the Company through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of that Bank to make Offshore Rate Loans shall be suspended until the Bank notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. (b) If a Bank determines that it is unlawful to maintain any Offshore Rate Loan, the Company shall, upon its receipt of notice of such fact and demand from such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), either, (A) convert in full such Offshore Rate Loans into Loans of another Type or (B) prepay in full such Offshore Rate Loans of that Bank then outstanding, together with interest accrued thereon (in the case of a prepayment) and amounts required under Section 3.4, either on the last day of the Interest Period thereof, if the Bank may lawfully continue to maintain such Offshore Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Bank may not lawfully continue to maintain such Offshore Rate Loan. If the Company prepays any Offshore Rate Loan as provided in the preceding sentence, then concurrently with such prepayment, the Company shall borrow from the affected Bank, in the amount of such repayment, a Base Rate Loan. 3.3 Increased Costs and Reduction of Return. ---------------------------------------- (a) If any Bank determines that, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation (other than any change by way of imposition of or increase in reserve requirements included in the calculation of the Offshore Rate or in respect of the assessment rate payable by any Bank to the FDIC for insuring U.S. deposits 26 or any change introduced prior to the Closing Date) or (ii) the compliance by that Bank with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law) (other than any guideline or request introduced prior to the Closing Date), there shall be any increase in the cost to such Bank of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any Offshore Rate Loans, then the Company shall be liable for, and shall from time to time, upon demand (with a copy of such demand to be sent to the Administrative Agent), pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank, additional amounts as are sufficient to compensate such Bank for such increased costs; provided that no Bank shall be entitled to obtain compensation -------- with respect to any period prior to six (6) months prior to making such demand. (b) If any Bank shall have determined that (i) the introduction of any Capital Adequacy Regulation, (ii) any change in any Capital Adequacy Regulation, (iii) any change in the interpretation or administration of any Capital Adequacy Regulation by any central bank or other Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or (iv) compliance by the Bank (or its Lending Office) or any corporation controlling the Bank with any Capital Adequacy Regulation, in any such case, after the Closing Date, affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by the Bank or any corporation controlling the Bank and (taking into consideration such Bank's or such corporation's policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Bank's desired return on capital) determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a consequence of its Commitments, loans, credits or obligations under this Agreement, then, upon demand of such Bank to the Company through the Administrative Agent, the Company shall pay to the Bank, from time to time as specified by the Bank, additional amounts sufficient to compensate the Bank for such increase; provided no Bank shall be entitled to receive additional amounts with respect to any period prior to six (6) months prior to making such demand. 3.4 Funding Losses. The Company shall reimburse each Bank and hold --------------- each Bank harmless from any loss or expense which the Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence of: (a) the failure of the Company to make on a timely basis any payment of principal of any Offshore Rate Loan; (b) the failure of the Company to borrow, continue or convert a Loan after the Company has given (or is deemed to have given) a Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Conversion/Continuation; (c) the failure of the Company to make any prepayment in accordance with any notice delivered under Section 2.6; (d) the prepayment or other payment (including after acceleration thereof) of an Offshore Rate Loan on a day that is not the last day of the relevant Interest Period; or (e) the automatic conversion under Section 2.4 of any Offshore Rate Loan to a Base Rate Loan on a day that is not the last day of the relevant Interest Period; 27 including any such loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by such Bank to maintain its Offshore Rate Loans or from fees payable by such Bank to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from charges relating to any Loans. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company to the Banks under this Section and under subsection 3.3(a), each Offshore Rate Loan made by a Bank (and each related reserve, special deposit or similar requirement) shall be conclusively deemed to have been funded at the LIBOR used in determining the Offshore Rate for such Offshore Rate Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Offshore Rate Loan is in fact so funded. 3.5 Inability to Determine Rates. If the Administrative Agent ----------------------------- determines that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Offshore Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Offshore Rate Loan, or that the Offshore Rate applicable pursuant to subsection 2.8(a) for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Offshore Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Banks of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Bank. Thereafter, the obligation of the Banks to make or maintain Offshore Rate Loans hereunder shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice in writing. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company may revoke any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation previously submitted by the Company. If the Company does not revoke such Notice, the Banks shall make, convert or continue the Loans, as proposed by the Company, in the amount specified in the applicable notice submitted by the Company, but such Loans shall be made, converted or continued as Base Rate Loans. 3.6 Certificates of Banks. Any Bank claiming reimbursement or ---------------------- compensation under this Article III shall deliver to the Company (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the amount payable to the Bank hereunder and such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Company in the absence of manifest error. 3.7 Survival. The agreements and obligations of the Company in this --------- Article III shall survive the payment of all other Obligations. ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.1 Conditions of Initial Loans. The obligation of each Bank to make ---------------------------- its initial Loan hereunder is subject to the condition that the Administrative Agent have received on or before the date the initial Loan is made but not later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the date hereof all of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each Bank, and in sufficient copies for each Bank: 28 (a) Credit Agreement. This Agreement executed by each party hereto ---------------- and, if requested by any Bank, the Note(s) requested by such Bank executed by the Company; (b) Resolutions; Incumbency. ----------------------- (i) Copies of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company authorizing the transactions contemplated hereby, certified as of the Closing Date by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company; and (ii) A certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to execute, deliver and perform, as applicable, this Agreement, and all other Loan Documents to be delivered by it hereunder; (c) Organization Documents; Good Standing. Each of the following ------------------------------------- documents: (i) the articles or certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of the Company as in effect on the Closing Date, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company as of the Closing Date; and (ii) a good standing and tax good standing certificate for the Company from the applicable Secretary of State (or similar, applicable Governmental Authority) of the States of Delaware and California dated as of a recent date; (d) Legal Opinion. An opinion of Ivan D. Meyerson, Senior Vice ------------- President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Banks, substantially in the form of Exhibit D; (e) Payment of Fees. Evidence of payment by the Company of all --------------- accrued and unpaid fees, costs and expenses to the extent then due and payable on the Closing Date, together with Attorney Costs of Bank of America to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, including any such costs, fees and expenses arising under or referenced in Sections 2.9 and 10.4; (f) Company Certificates. A certificate signed by a Responsible -------------------- Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, stating that: (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of such date, as though made on and as of such date; (ii) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the initial Borrowing; 29 (iii) there has occurred since March 31, 1999, no event or circumstance (other than the Disclosed Matters) that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) designating the Closing Date; (g) Notices of Termination. ---------------------- (i) Notice of termination signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company whereby the Company gives notice, pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998, by and among the Company, Medis, Bank of America, as agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian administrative agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as a documentation agent, First Union National Bank, as a documentation agent, The First National Bank of Chicago, as a documentation agent, and the financial institutions on the signature pages thereof, as amended (such Credit Agreement, the "November 1998 Credit Agreement"), of the Company's election to terminate, ------------------------------ concurrent with the effectiveness of this Agreement, the "Facility B Commitments" (as such term is defined in the November 1998 Credit Agreement) currently existing under the November 1998 Credit Agreement; and (ii) Notice of termination signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company whereby the Company gives notice, pursuant to that certain Revolving Credit Facility dated as of May 25, 1999, by and among the Company, Bank of America and the financial institutions on the signature pages thereof, as amended (such Revolving Credit Facility, the "Bridge Loan ----------- Facility"), of the Company's election to, concurrent with the effectiveness -------- of this Agreement, (A) repay any outstanding amounts currently existing under the Bridge Loan Facility and (B) terminate any commitments currently existing under the Bridge Loan Facility. (h) Resolution of Year 2000 Problem. Evidence that (i) the Company ------------------------------- and each of its Subsidiaries have taken or are taking all necessary and appropriate steps to ascertain the extent of, and to quantify and successfully address, the Year 2000 Problem, including risks resulting from the failure of key vendors and customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries to successfully address the Year 2000 Problem, and (ii) the Company's and each of its Subsidiaries' material computer applications, and those of the key vendors and customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries, will, on a timely basis, adequately address the Year 2000 Problem in all material respects. This condition shall be satisfied by a statement executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying that the information concerning the Year 2000 Problem set forth in the Company's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 1999, is true and correct as of the Closing Date. (i) Other Documents. Such other approvals, opinions, --------------- documents or materials as the Administrative Agent or any Bank may reasonably request. 4.2 Conditions to All Borrowings. The obligation of each Bank to ----------------------------- make any Loan to be made by it (including its initial Loan) or to continue or convert any Loan under 30 Section 2.4 is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant Borrowing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date: (a) Notice of Borrowing or Conversion/Continuation. The ----------------------------------------------- Administrative Agent shall have received (with, in the case of the initial Loan only, a copy for each Bank) a Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, as applicable; (b) Continuation of Representations and Warranties. The ----------------------------------------------- representations and warranties in Article V and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct on and as of such Borrowing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date with the same effect as if made on and as of such Borrowing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date); and (c) No Existing Default. No Default or Event of Default shall exist -------------------- or shall result from such Borrowing or continuation or conversion. Each Notice of Borrowing and Notice of Conversion/Continuation submitted by the Company hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Company as of the date of each such notice and as of each Borrowing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date, as applicable, that the conditions in Section 4.2 are satisfied. ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The Company represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Bank that: 5.1 Corporate Existence and Power. The Company and each of its ------------------------------ Subsidiaries: (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation; (b) has the power and authority and all required governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents; (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and is licensed and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law; except (i) with respect to Subsidiaries of the Company other than Material Subsidiaries, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) with respect to the Company and its Material Subsidiaries (A) in each case 31 referred to in clause (c) or clause (d), to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) in each case referred to in clause (d), the Disclosed Matters. 5.2 Corporate Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, ------------------------------------------ delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which the Company is party, and any Borrowing as of the date of such Borrowing have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will not: (a) contravene the terms of any of the Company's Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any Contractual Obligation to which the Company is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which the Company or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Requirement of Law. 5.3 Governmental Authorization. No approval, consent, exemption, --------------------------- authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Company of the Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.4 Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Loan Document to --------------- which the Company is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 5.5 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or ----------- disputes pending, or to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; or (b) other than the Disclosed Matters, if determined adversely to the Company or its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Closing Date. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or directing that the transactions provided for herein or therein not be consummated as herein or therein provided. 5.6 No Default. No Default or Event of Default exists or would ----------- result from the incurring of any Obligations by the Company. As of the Closing Date, neither the Company 32 nor any Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with all such defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as of the Closing Date, or that would, if such default had occurred after the Closing Date, create an Event of Default under subsection 8.1(e). 5.7 Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. The proceeds of the Loans ------------------------------------ are to be used solely for the purposes set forth in Section 6.9. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is generally engaged in the business of purchasing or selling Margin Stock or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. 5.8 Financial Condition. -------------------- (a) The (i) audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries dated March 31, 1999, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the fiscal year ended on that date and (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries dated June 30, 1999, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the three months ended on that date: (A) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject in the case of the unaudited statements to ordinary, good faith year end audit adjustments; (B) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period covered thereby; and (C) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof required to be shown in accordance with GAAP. (b) As of the Closing Date, since June 30, 1999, there has been no Material Adverse Effect (other than as disclosed by the Company with respect to the Disclosed Matters). 5.9 Regulated Entities. None of the Company, any Person controlling ------------------- the Company, or any Subsidiary, is an "Investment Company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company is not subject to regulation under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act, any state public utilities code, or any other Federal, state or other statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness. 5.10 No Burdensome Restrictions. Neither the Company nor any --------------------------- Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any Contractual Obligation, or subject to any restriction in any Organization Document, or any Requirement of Law, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 33 5.11 Subsidiaries and Certain Liens As of the Closing Date. As of the ------------------------------------------------------ Closing Date, the Company has no corporate Subsidiaries other than those listed in part (a) of Schedule 5.11 hereto. As of the Closing Date, part (b) of Schedule 5.11 describes all outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money in excess of $25,000,000 that is secured by a Lien existing on property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 5.12 Year 2000 Compliance. The Company and its Subsidiaries have --------------------- developed and budgeted for a comprehensive program to address the Year 2000 Problem. The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented that program substantially in accordance with its timetable and budget and the Company reasonably anticipates that they will substantially avoid the Year 2000 Problem as to all computers, as well as embedded microchips in non-computing devices, which are (a) owned, leased or otherwise under the control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (b) material to the business, properties or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries have developed commercially reasonable contingency plans adequately to ensure uninterrupted and unimpaired business operation in the event of failure of their own or a third party's systems or equipment due to the Year 2000 Problem, including those of vendors, customers and suppliers. 5.13 Disclosed Matters. As of the Closing Date, based on information ------------------ available to the Company on the Closing Date, it is unlikely that, prior to the Revolving Facility Termination Date, any actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations, pending or threatened, comprising or resulting from the Disclosed Matters would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under any Loan Document. ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Bank shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 10.5 that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Majority Banks waive compliance in writing: 6.1 Financial Statements. The Company shall deliver to the --------------------- Administrative Agent, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Majority Banks, with sufficient copies for each Bank (which copies shall subsequently be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Banks): (a) as soon as available, but not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000), a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, and accompanied by the unqualified opinion of Deloitte & Touche or another nationally-recognized independent public accounting firm ("Independent ----------- Auditor"), which report shall state - ------- 34 that such consolidated financial statements present fairly the financial position for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years. Such opinion shall not be qualified or limited as to (i) going concern, (ii) any restriction or limitation in the examination by the Independent Auditor of any material portion of the Company's or any Subsidiary's records or (iii) possible errors generated by financial reporting and related systems due to the Year 2000 Problem; and (b) as soon as available, but not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1999), a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the period commencing on the first day and ending on the last day of such quarter, and certified by a Responsible Officer as fairly presenting, in accordance with GAAP (subject to ordinary, good faith year-end audit adjustments), the financial position and the results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries (which certification may be part of the related Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(a)). 6.2 Certificates; Other Information. The Company shall furnish to -------------------------------- the Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for each Bank (which copies shall subsequently be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Banks): (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in subsections 6.1(a) and (b), a Compliance Certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company; (b) promptly, copies of all financial statements and reports that the Company sends to its shareholders, and copies of all financial statements and regular, periodical or special reports (including Forms 10K, 10Q and 8K) that the Company or any Subsidiary may make to, or file with, the SEC; and (c) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary, including Medis, as the Administrative Agent, at the request of any Bank, may from time to time reasonably request. 6.3 Notices. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent and -------- each Bank: (a) promptly, upon such occurrence, of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, and of the occurrence or existence of any event or circumstance that foreseeably will become a Default or Event of Default; (b) promptly, upon such occurrence, of any matter that has resulted or may result in a Material Adverse Effect; (c) promptly upon any Responsible Officer of Company obtaining knowledge thereof of (i) the institution of, or non-frivolous threat of, any action, suit, proceeding (whether 35 administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation of arbitration against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively "Proceedings") not previously disclosed in writing by the Company to the Banks or (ii) any material development in any Proceeding that, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, (1) if adversely determined, has a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (2) seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, together with such other information as may be reasonably available to Company that the Administrative Agent requests to enable the Administrative Agent and the Banks to evaluate such matters. (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries, including but not limited to any change that has any effect on the calculation of any financial covenant in this Agreement. 6.4 Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc. The Company shall, and ----------------------------------------- shall cause its Material Subsidiaries to: (a) preserve and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and good standing under the laws of their respective states or jurisdictions of incorporation except, in the case of any Material Subsidiary, in connection with transactions permitted by Section 7.2; and (b) preserve and maintain in full force and effect all governmental rights, privileges, qualifications, permits, licenses and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its business except in connection with transactions permitted by Section 7.2 or except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 6.5 Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and shall cause its ---------- Material Subsidiaries to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance (including self-insurance) with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as the Company reasonably deems prudent from time to time. 6.6 Payment of Taxes. The Company shall, and shall cause each of its ----------------- Material Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets (other than obligations that a Responsible Officer is not aware of or are of a nominal amount), unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary. 6.7 Compliance with Laws. The Company shall comply, and shall cause --------------------- each of its Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all material Requirements of Law of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business (including the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act), except such as may be contested in good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute may exist. 36 6.8 Inspection of Property and Books and Records. The Company shall --------------------------------------------- maintain and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain in all material respects proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company and such Subsidiary. The Company shall permit, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to visit and inspect any of their respective properties, to examine their respective corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective directors, officers, and independent public accountants, at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided, however, when an Event of Default -------- ------- exists the Administrative Agent or any Bank may do any of the foregoing at the reasonable expense of the Company at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 6.9 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds of the Loans ---------------- for general corporate purposes (including the refinancing of existing indebtedness) not in contravention of any Requirement of Law or of any Loan Document. 6.10 Notice of Rating Change. The Company shall, no later than ten ------------------------ (10) Business Days after a Responsible Officer obtains knowledge of any such change, give notice to the Administrative Agent (by telephone, followed promptly by written notice transmitted by facsimile with a hard copy sent promptly thereafter) of any change in rating by any Rating Agency in respect of the Company's long-term, senior unsecured debt, together with the details thereof, and of any announcement by any Rating Agency that its rating in respect of such senior unsecured long-term debt is "under review" or that any such debt rating has been placed on a "CreditWatch List"(R) or "watch list" or that any similar action has been taken by such Rating Agency. ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS So long as any Bank shall have any Commitment hereunder, or any Loan or other Obligation (other than Obligations under Section 10.5 that remain contingent after termination of the Commitments and payment of all other Obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, unless the Majority Banks waive compliance in writing: 7.1 Limitation on Liens. The Company shall not, and shall not suffer -------------------- or permit any of its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly, make, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any part of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following ("Permitted Liens"): --------------- (a) any Lien existing on property of the Company or any Subsidiary on the Closing Date securing Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 37 (b) any Lien created under any Loan Document; (c) Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty, or to the extent that non-payment thereof is permitted by Section 6.6; (d) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', landlords', materialmen's, repairmen's or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty; (e) Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA) consisting of pledges or deposits required in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation ; (f) Liens on the property of the Company or any Subsidiary securing (i) the non-delinquent performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, (ii) contingent obligations on surety and appeal bonds, and (iii) other non-delinquent obligations of a like nature; in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided all such Liens in the aggregate would not (even if enforced) cause a Material Adverse Effect; (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries; (h) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker's liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution; provided that (i) such deposit account is not a dedicated cash collateral account and is not subject to restrictions against access by the Company in excess of those set forth by regulations promulgated by the FRB, and (ii) such deposit account is not intended by the Company or any Subsidiary to provide collateral to the depository institution; (i) Any other Liens (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA or any Lien for taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges that is not expressly permitted under Section 7.1(c)); provided that the aggregate amount of all Permitted Liens shall not exceed at - -------- any time 25% of Net Worth. 7.2 Consolidations and Mergers. The Company shall not, and shall not --------------------------- suffer or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, liquidate, dissolve, merge, amalgamate, consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except: 38 (a) any Subsidiary may merge with the Company, provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation, or with any one or more Subsidiaries, provided that if any transaction shall be between a Subsidiary and a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving corporation; (b) any Subsidiary of Medis may amalgamate with Medis or with any one or more of Medis' Subsidiaries; (c) any Subsidiary may sell all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; and (d) the Company may merge with another Person provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation and no Default or Event of Default is in effect immediately prior to or on the date of or would result from such merger. 7.3 Use of Proceeds. ---------------- (a) The Company shall not, and shall not suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use any portion of the Loan proceeds, directly or indirectly, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (ii) to repay or otherwise refinance indebtedness of the Company or others incurred to purchase or carry Margin Stock, (iii) to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, or (iv) to acquire any security in any transaction that is subject to Section 13 or 14 of the Exchange Act. (b) The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, use any portion of the Loan proceeds (i) knowingly to purchase Ineligible Securities from the Arranger during any period in which the Arranger makes a market in such Ineligible Securities, (ii) knowingly to purchase during the underwriting or placement period Ineligible Securities being underwritten or privately placed by the Arranger, or (iii) to make payments of principal or interest on Ineligible Securities underwritten or privately placed by the Arranger and issued by or for the benefit of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. The Arranger is a registered broker-dealer and permitted to underwrite and deal in certain Ineligible Securities; and "Ineligible Securities" means securities which may --------------------- not be underwritten or dealt in by member banks of the Federal Reserve System under Section 16 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12 U.S.C. (S) 24, Seventh), as amended. 7.4 Maximum Debt to Capitalization Ratio. The Company shall not ------------------------------------- permit the ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization as at the last day of any calendar month to exceed 0.565 to 1.00. 39 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 8.1 Event of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an ---------------- "Event of Default": ---------------- (a) Non-Payment. The Company fails to pay, (i) when and as required ----------- to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan made to the Company, or (ii) within five (5) days after the same becomes due, any interest, fee or any other amount payable by the Company hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) Representation or Warranty. Any representation or warranty by -------------------------- the Company or any Subsidiary made or deemed made herein, in any other Loan Document, or which is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement by the Company, any Subsidiary, or any Responsible Officer, furnished at any time under this Agreement, or in or under any other Loan Document, is incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or (c) Specific Defaults. The Company fails to perform or observe any ----------------- term, covenant or agreement contained in subsection 6.4(a) or in Article VII; or (d) Other Defaults. The Company fails to perform or observe any -------------- other term or covenant contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of twenty (20) days after the earlier of (i) in the case of any provision in Article V or VI, the date upon which a Responsible Officer knew of such failure or (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Bank; or (e) Cross-Default. The Company or any Subsidiary (i) fails to make ------------- any payment in respect of any Indebtedness or Contingent Obligation having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $25,000,000 when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) and such failure continues after the applicable grace or notice period, if any, specified in the relevant document on the date of such failure; or (ii) fails to perform or observe any other condition or covenant, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, under any agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness or Contingent Obligation having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $25,000,000, if the effect of such failure, event or condition is to cause such Indebtedness to be declared to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity, or such Contingent Obligation to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; provided, however, the preceding provisions of this subsection -------- ------- 8.1(e) shall not apply to the Company's obligations pursuant to a loan in a principal amount not to exceed $35,000,000 that is secured by real property located at One Post Street in San Francisco, California, except to the extent that, if the Company's payment obligations under 40 such loan are accelerated, either (a) if such acceleration is not rescinded by the lender , the Company fails to pay the accelerated loan in full within ninety (90) days after acceleration or (b) if such acceleration is rescinded by the lender, a default under such loan continues to exist following such rescission on or after a date ninety (90) days after acceleration; or (f) Insolvency; Voluntary Proceedings. The Company or any Material --------------------------------- Subsidiary (i) ceases or fails to be solvent, or generally fails to pay, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii) voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii) commences any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) takes any action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing; or (g) Involuntary Proceedings. (i) Any involuntary Insolvency ----------------------- Proceeding is commenced or filed against Company or any Material Subsidiary, or any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, is issued or levied against a substantial part of Company's or any Material Subsidiary's properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy; (ii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary admits the material allegations of a petition against it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) the Company or any Material Subsidiary acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its property or business; or (h) ERISA. There shall occur one or more ERISA Events which ----- individually or in the aggregate results in or might reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $25,000,000 during the term of this Agreement; or there shall exist an amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), individually or in the aggregate for all Pension Plans (excluding for purposes of such computation any Pension Plans with respect to which assets exceed benefit liabilities), which exceeds 5% of Net Worth. 8.2 Remedies. If any Event of Default occurs, the Administrative -------- Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Majority Banks, (a) declare the commitment of each Bank to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company; and (c) exercise on behalf of itself and the Banks all rights and remedies available to it and the Banks under the Loan Documents or applicable law; 41 provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any event specified in subsection - -------- ------- (f) or (g) of Section 8.1 (in the case of clause (i) of subsection (g) upon the expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein), the obligation of each Bank to make Loans shall automatically terminate and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Bank. 8.3 Rights Not Exclusive. The rights provided for in this Agreement -------------------- and the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights, powers, privileges or remedies provided by law or in equity, or under any other instrument, document or agreement now existing or hereafter arising. ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9.1 Appointment and Authorization. Each Bank hereby irrevocably ----------------------------- (subject to Section 9.9) appoints, designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Bank, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. 9.2 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may execute any -------------------- of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties; provided that the -------- Administrative Agent in its capacity as the Administrative Agent shall not delegate its duty hereunder to make or receive payments unless the delegee shall be a resident of the same jurisdiction as the Administrative Agent making such delegation. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects with reasonable care. 9.3 Liability of Administrative Agent. None of the Administrative --------------------------------- Agent-Related Persons shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any of the Banks for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, or any officer thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative 42 Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure of the Company or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Administrative Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Bank to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 9.4 Reliance by the Administrative Agent. ------------------------------------- (a) The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected with reasonable care by it. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Banks as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Banks against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Majority Banks or all Banks, if required hereunder, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Banks. (b) For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.1, each Bank that has executed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter either sent by the Administrative Agent to such Bank for consent, approval, acceptance or satisfaction, or required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Bank. 9.5 Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed ----------------- to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to it for the account of the Banks, unless it shall have received written notice from a Bank or the Company referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a "notice of default". The Administrative Agent will notify the Banks of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Majority Banks in accordance with Article VIII; provided, however, that -------- ------- unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such request, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Banks. 43 9.6 Credit Decision. Each Bank acknowledges that none of the --------------- Administrative Agent-Related Persons has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Administrative Agent-Related Person to any Bank. Each Bank represents to the Administrative Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Administrative Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank regulatory laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Company hereunder. Each Bank also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Administrative Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Company. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly herein required to be furnished to the Banks by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Company which may come into the possession of any of the Administrative Agent-Related Persons. 9.7 Indemnification of Administrative Agent. Whether or not the --------------------------------------- transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Banks shall indemnify upon demand the Administrative Agent-Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), pro rata, from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities and any other liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, charge, expense or disbursement (including Attorney Costs) that would be an Indemnified Liability but for the fact that it relates or arises out of a claim or threatened claim by the Company or other Person party to this Agreement; provided, however, that no Bank shall be liable for the payment to -------- ------- the Administrative Agent-Related Persons of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Bank shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of- pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by it in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that it is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Company. The undertaking in this Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent. 9.8 Administrative Agent in Individual Capacity. The Administrative ------------------------------------------- Agent and any of its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire equity interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, 44 trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates as though the Administrative Agent were not Administrative Agent hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Banks. The Banks acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates may receive information regarding the Company or its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of the Company or such Subsidiary) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent. The terms "Bank" and "Banks" include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may, ------------------------------ and at the request of the Majority Banks shall, resign as Administrative Agent upon thirty (30) days' notice to the Banks. If the Administrative Agent resigns under this Agreement, then the Majority Banks shall appoint from among the Banks a successor agent for the Banks which successor agent shall be approved by the Company. If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Banks and the Company, a successor agent from among the Banks. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the term "Administrative Agent" shall mean such successor agent and the retiring agent's appointment, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated. After any retiring agent's resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article IX and Sections 10.4 and 10.5 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by the date which is thirty (30) days following a retiring agent's notice of resignation, the retiring agent's resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Banks shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Majority Banks appoint a successor agent as provided for above. 9.10 Withholding Tax. ---------------- (a) If any Bank is a "foreign corporation, partnership or trust" within the meaning of the Code and such Bank claims exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. withholding tax under Sections 1441 or 1442 of the Code, such Bank agrees with and in favor of the Administrative Agent, to deliver to the Administrative Agent: (i) if such Bank claims an exemption from, or a reduction of, witholding tax under a United States tax treaty, properly completed IRS Forms 1001 and W-8 before the payment of any interest in the first calendar year and before the payment of any interest in each third succeeding calendar year during which interest may be paid under this Agreement; (ii) if such Bank claims that interest paid under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding tax because it is effectively connected with a 45 United States trade or business of such Bank, two properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form 4224 before the payment of any interest is due in the first taxable year of such Bank and in each succeeding taxable year of such Bank during which interest may be paid under this Agreement, and IRS Form W-9; and (iii) such other form or forms as may be required under the Code or other laws of the United States as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, United States withholding tax. Such Bank agrees to promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. (b) If any Bank claims exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax under a United States tax treaty by providing IRS Form 1001 and such Bank sells, assigns, grants a participation in, or otherwise transfers all or part of the Obligations of the Company to such Bank, such Bank agrees to notify the Administrative Agent of the percentage amount in which it is no longer the beneficial owner of Obligations of the Company to such Bank. To the extent of such percentage amount, the Administrative Agent will treat such Bank's IRS Form 1001 as no longer valid. (c) If any Bank claiming exemption from United States withholding tax by filing IRS Form 4224 with the Administrative Agent sells, assigns, grants a participation in, or otherwise transfers all or part of the Obligations of the Company to such Bank, such Bank agrees to undertake sole responsibility for complying with the withholding tax requirements imposed by Sections 1441 and 1442 of the Code. (d) If any Bank is entitled to a reduction in the applicable withholding tax, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to such Bank an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax after taking into account such reduction. If the forms or other documentation required by subsection (a) of this Section are not delivered to the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to such Bank not providing such forms or other documentation an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax. (e) If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Bank (because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Bank failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason) such Bank shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to the Administrative Agent under this Section, together with all costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs). The obligation of the Banks under this subsection shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent. 46 9.11 Documentation Agent; Managing Agent. No Bank identified as a ------------------------------------ "documentation agent" in the preamble hereof or designated as a "managing agent" on the signature pages hereto, in its capacity as a documentation agent or as a managing agent, as applicable, shall have any duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Amendments and Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any ---------------------- provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent with respect to any departure by the Company therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Majority Banks (or by the Administrative Agent at the written request of the Majority Banks) and the Company and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such waiver, amendment, or -------- ------- consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Banks and the Company and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, do any of the following: (a) increase or extend the Commitment of any Bank (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.2), except as otherwise permitted by Section 2.14; (b) postpone or delay any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Banks (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document; (c) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on any Loan, or (subject to clause (ii) below) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; (d) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans which is required for the Banks or any of them to take any action hereunder; or (e) amend this Section 10.1, or Section 2.13, or any provision herein providing for consent or other action by all Banks; or (f) permit the payment of principal of or interest on the Loans to be subordinated in right of payment to any other payment obligations of the Company; and, provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless -------- ------- in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent, in addition to the Majority Banks or all the Banks, as the case may be, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (ii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed by the parties thereto. 47 10.2 Notices. -------- (a) All notices, requests and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein (including, unless the context expressly otherwise provides, by facsimile transmission, provided that any matter transmitted by the Company by facsimile (i) shall be immediately confirmed by a telephone call to the recipient at the number specified on Schedule 10.2, and (ii) shall be followed promptly by ------------- delivery of a hard copy original thereof), and mailed, faxed or delivered, to the address or facsimile number specified for notices on Schedule 10.2; or, as ------------- directed to the Company or the Administrative Agent, to such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties, and as directed to any other party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent. All such notices, requests and communications shall, when transmitted by overnight delivery, or faxed, be effective when delivered for overnight (next-day) delivery, or transmitted in legible form by facsimile machine, respectively, or if mailed, upon the third Business Day after the date deposited into the U.S. mail, or if delivered, upon delivery; except that notices pursuant to Article II or IX shall not be effective until actually received by the Administrative Agent. (c) Any agreement of the Administrative Agent and the Banks herein to receive certain notices by telephone or facsimile is solely for the convenience and at the request of the Company. The Administrative Agent and the Banks shall be entitled to rely on the authority of any Person purporting to be a Person authorized by the Company to give such notice and the Administrative Agent and the Banks shall not have any liability to the Company or other Person on account of any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent or the Banks in reliance upon such telephonic or facsimile notice. The obligation of the Company to repay the Loans made to it shall not be affected in any way or to any extent by any failure by the Administrative Agent and the Banks to receive written confirmation of any telephonic or facsimile notice or the receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Banks of a confirmation which is at variance with the terms understood by the Administrative Agent and the Banks to be contained in the telephonic or facsimile notice. 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no ------------------------------ delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights and remedies of the parties provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law. 10.4 Costs and Expenses. The Company shall: ------------------- (a) whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, pay or reimburse all Administrative Agent-Related Persons (including Bank of America in its capacity as Administrative Agent) within five (5) Business Days after demand (subject 48 to subsection 4.1(e)) for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by such Administrative Agent-Related Persons (including Bank of America in its capacity as Administrative Agent) reasonably required in connection with the development, preparation, negotiation, delivery, administration and execution of, and any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification to (in each case, whether or not consummated), this Agreement, any Loan Document and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby including reasonable Attorney Costs incurred by such Administrative Agent-Related Persons (including Bank of America in its capacity as Administrative Agent) with respect thereto; provided that any costs -------- and expenses incurred under this subsection 10.4(a) prior to the Closing Date shall be limited to the reasonable Attorney Costs incurred by the Administrative Agent and any out-of-pocket costs and expenses (other than attorney fees) of the Administrative Agent and the Arranger; and (b) pay or reimburse all Administrative Agent-Related Persons and each Bank within five Business Days after demand (subject to subsection 4.1(e)) for all costs and expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by them in connection with the enforcement, attempted enforcement, or preservation of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document during the existence of an Event of Default or after acceleration of the Loans (including in connection with any "workout" or restructuring regarding the Loans, and including in any Insolvency Proceeding or appellate proceeding). 10.5 Indemnification by the Company. Whether or not the transactions ------------------------------- contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent-Related Persons, and each Bank and each of its respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, counsel, agents and attorneys-in- fact (each, an "Indemnified Person") harmless from and against any and all ------------------ liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time (including at any time following repayment of the Loans and the termination, resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or replacement of any Bank) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Person as a result of any claim or threatened claim by a Person not party to this Agreement or by the Company (except for claims by the Company or against any Administrative Agent or a Bank that are successful on the merits as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), in any case in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, or the transactions contemplated hereby, or any action taken or omitted by any such Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing, including with respect to any investigation, litigation or proceeding (including any Insolvency Proceeding or appellate proceeding) related to or arising out of this Agreement or the Loans or the use of the proceeds thereof, whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities"); provided that the Company shall ----------------------- -------- have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnified Person with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. The agreements in this Section shall survive payment of all other Obligations; provided further that this ---------------- Section 10.5 shall not be construed to expand the obligations of the Company to make payments to the Banks in the circumstances required under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 or 3.5, it being understood and agreed that such Sections shall govern the rights and obligations of the Company and the Banks 49 as to matters set forth therein, or to require the Company to compensate a Bank for any Indemnified Liability relating to its cost of funds for any Borrowing. 10.6 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a ------------------- payment to the Administrative Agent or the Banks, or the Administrative Agent or the Banks exercise their right of set-off, and such payment or the proceeds of such set-off or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Bank in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any Insolvency Proceeding or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such set-off had not occurred, and (b) each Bank severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its pro rata share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent. 10.7 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall ----------------------- be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Company may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Bank. 10.8 Assignments, Participations, etc. --------------------------------- (a) Any Bank may, with the written consent of the Company at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default and the Administrative Agent, which consents of the Company and the Administrative Agent shall not be unreasonably withheld, at any time assign and delegate to one or more Eligible Assignees (provided that no written consent of the Company or the Administrative Agent shall be required in connection with any assignment and delegation by a Bank to an Eligible Assignee that is an Affiliate of such Bank) (each an "Assignee") all, or any ratable part of all, of the Loans, the -------- Commitments and the other rights and obligations of such Bank hereunder, in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 or any multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof, or, if less, the amount of the Commitment of such Bank; provided, however, that -------- ------- the Company and the Administrative Agent may continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until (i) written notice of such assignment, together with payment instructions, addresses and related information with respect to the Assignee, shall have been given to the Company and the Administrative Agent by such Bank and the Assignee; (ii) such Bank and its Assignee shall have delivered to the Company and the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance substantially in the form of Exhibit E ("Assignment and Acceptance") with such changes thereto ------------------------- as the Administrative Agent and the Company may approve together with any Note or Notes subject to such assignment and (iii) the assignor Bank or Assignee has paid to the Administrative Agent a processing fee in the amount of $3,500. (b) From and after the date that the Administrative Agent notifies the assignor Bank that it has received (and provided its consent and received the Company's consent with respect to) an executed Assignment and Acceptance and payment of the above-referenced processing fee, (i) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights 50 and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, shall have the rights and obligations of a Bank under the Loan Documents, and (ii) the assignor Bank shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents. (c) If the assignor Bank had received any Notes, within five (5) Business Days after its receipt of notice by the Administrative Agent that it has received an executed Assignment and Acceptance and payment of the processing fee, (and provided that the Company and the Administrative Agent have consented to such assignment in accordance with subsection 10.8(a)), the Company, as applicable, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, new Notes evidencing such Assignee's assigned Loans and, if the assignor Bank has retained a portion of its Loans, replacement Notes in the principal amount of the Loans retained by the assignor Bank (such Notes to be in exchange for, but not in payment of, the Notes held by such Bank). Immediately upon each Assignee's becoming a party to this Agreement in accordance with subsection 10.8(b)(i), this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to the extent, but only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of the Assignee and the resulting adjustment of the Commitments arising therefrom. The Commitment allocated to each Assignee shall reduce the Commitment of the assigning Bank pro tanto. --- ----- (d) Any Bank may, with the written consent of the Company at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default and the Administrative Agent, which consents of the Company and the Administrative Agent shall not be unreasonably withheld, at any time sell to one or more Eligible Assignees (provided that no written consent of the Company or the Administrative Agent shall be required in connection with any participation by a Bank to an Eligible Assignee that is an Affiliate of such Bank) (a "Participant") ----------- participating interests in any Loans or the Commitment of that Bank and the other interests of that Bank (the "originating Bank") hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that (i) the originating Bank's -------- ------- obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) the originating Bank shall remain solely responsible for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Company and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with the originating Bank in connection with the originating Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (iv) no Bank shall transfer or grant any participating interest under which the Participant has rights to approve any amendment to, or any consent or waiver with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except to the extent such amendment, consent or waiver would require unanimous consent of the Banks as described in the first proviso to Section 10.1. In the case of any such ----- ------- participation, the Participant shall not have any rights under this Agreement, or any of the other Loan Documents, and all amounts payable by the Company hereunder shall be determined as if such Bank had not sold such participation; except that, if amounts outstanding under this Agreement are due and unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of set-off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Bank under this Agreement. 51 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, any Bank may at any time create a security interest in, or pledge, all or any portion of its rights under and interest in this Agreement and any Notes held by it in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the FRB or U.S. Treasury Regulation 31 CFR (S)203.14, and such Federal Reserve Bank may enforce such pledge or security interest in any manner permitted under applicable law. 10.9 Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and each Bank agree to ---------------- take and to cause its Affiliates (including the Administrative Agent-Related Persons) to take normal and reasonable precautions and exercise due care to maintain the confidentiality of all information identified as "confidential" or "secret" by the Company and provided to it by the Company or any Subsidiary, or by the Administrative Agent on the Company's or Subsidiary's behalf, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and neither it nor any of its Affiliates shall use any such information other than in connection with or in enforcement of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or in connection with other business now or hereafter existing or contemplated with the Company or any Subsidiary, except to the extent such information (i) was or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the Administrative Agent or such Bank, or (ii) was or becomes available on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, provided that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Company known to the Administrative Agent or such Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative -------- ------- Agent and any Bank may disclose such information (A) at the request or pursuant to any requirement of any Governmental Authority to which the Administrative Agent or any Bank is subject or in connection with an examination of such Bank by any such authority; (B) pursuant to subpoena or other court process; (C) when required to do so in accordance with the provisions of any applicable Requirement of Law; (D) to the extent reasonably required in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; (E) to such Bank's independent auditors and other professional advisors and to the Administrative Agent or any other Bank; (F) to any Participant or Assignee, actual or potential, provided that such Person agrees in writing to keep such information confidential to the same extent required of the Banks hereunder; (G) as to the Administrative Agent or any Bank or its Affiliate, as expressly permitted under the terms of any other document or agreement regarding confidentiality to which the Company or any Subsidiary is party or is deemed party with such Bank or such Affiliate; and (H) to its Affiliates; provided, -------- further, that to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, the - ------- Administrative Agent and each Bank agree to notify the Company prior to (if reasonably practicable) or concurrently with its disclosure of such information to any third party pursuant to clauses (B), (C), or (F). 10.10 Set-off. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Banks -------- provided by law, if an Event of Default exists or the Loans have been accelerated, each Bank and its respective Affiliates are authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to the Company, any such notice being waived by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing by, such Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any and all Obligations owing to such Bank, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Bank shall have made demand under this Agreement or any Loan Document and 52 although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured. Each Bank agrees promptly to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent after any such set- off and application made by such Bank; provided, however, that the failure to -------- ------- give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 10.11 Notification of Addresses, Lending Offices, Etc. Each Bank ------------------------------------------------ shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any changes in the address to which notices to the Bank should be directed, of addresses of any Lending Office, of payment instructions in respect of all payments to be made to it hereunder and of such other administrative information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 10.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of ------------- separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute but one and the same instrument. 10.13 Severability. The illegality or unenforceability of any ------------- provision of this Agreement or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. 10.14 No Third Parties Benefited. This Agreement is made and entered --------------------------- into for the sole protection and legal benefit of the Company, the Banks, the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent-Related Persons, and their permitted successors and assigns, and no other Person shall be a direct or indirect legal beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 10.15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. ------------------------------- (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA WITHOUT REFERENCE TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. (b) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE BANKS CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE BANKS IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE -------------------- BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO. THE COMPANY, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE BANKS EACH 53 WAIVE PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS, WHICH MAY BE MADE BY ANY OTHER MEANS PERMITTED BY CALIFORNIA LAW. 10.16 Waiver of Jury Trial. THE COMPANY, THE BANKS AND THE --------------------- ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT EACH WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY AGENT-RELATED PERSON, PARTICIPANT OR ASSIGNEE, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. THE COMPANY, THE BANKS AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 10.17 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Loan ----------------- Documents, embodies the entire agreement and understanding among the Company, the Banks and the Administrative Agent, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings of such Persons, verbal or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 54 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered in San Francisco, California by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ------------------------------ Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President, Finance and Treasurer By: /s/ Lincoln K. Walworth ------------------------------ Name: Lincoln K. Walworth Title: Assistant Treasurer S-1 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Vanessa Meyer ----------------------- Name: Vanessa Meyer Title: Managing Director S-2 THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, as documentation agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Lenard Weiner ----------------------- Name: Lenard Weiner Title: Managing Director S-3 BANK ONE, N.A., as documentation agent and as a Bank By:_____________________________ Name:__________________________ Title:_________________________ S-4 FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, as documentation agent and as a Bank By:______________________________ Name:___________________________ Title:__________________________ S-5 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY, as a documentation agent and as a Bank By:______________________________ Name:___________________________ Title:__________________________ S-6 TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC. By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ S-7 WACHOVIA BANK, N.A. By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ S-8 THE BANK OF NEW YORK By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ S-9 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Philip K. Liebscher ------------------------ Name: Philip K. Liebscher Title: Vice President S-10 WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ S-11 ALLFIRST BANK By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ S-12 BANK OF MONTREAL By: /s/ Leon Sinclair ------------------ Name: Leon Sinclair Title: Director S-13 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA By: /s/ R. P. Reynolds ------------------------- Name: R. P. Reynolds Title: Relationship Manager S-14 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Aaron J. Gordon -------------------- Name: Aaron J. Gordon Title: Vice President S-15 MELLON BANK, N.A. By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ S-16 COUNTERPART TO CREDIT AGREEMENT IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned financial institution has caused this counterpart to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999, by and among McKesson HBOC, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as a documentation agent, Bank One, N.A., as a documentation agent, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, as a documentation agent, and the other financial institutions party to such Credit Agreement, to be duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized agent as of December 3, 1999. BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ By:_____________________________ Name: _________________________ Title: ________________________ The Commitment of this financial institution is set forth opposite its name in the column under the heading "Commitments" on Schedule 2.1. ------------
Exhibit 10.33 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "First Amendment") dated as --------------- of June 28, 1999 is among McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly named McKesson Corporation) (the "Company"), Medis Health and Pharmaceutical ------- Services Inc., an Ontario corporation ("Medis", together with the Company, the ----- "Borrowers"), the financial institutions party hereto (the "Banks"), Bank of ----- America National Trust and Savings Association, as administrative agent for such Banks (in such capacity, the "Agent"), Bank of America Canada, as Canadian Agent, and The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank and The First National Bank of Chicago, as documentation agents, and amends that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998, among the Company, Medis, the Banks, the Agent, the Canadian Agent, and the documentation agents (the "Agreement"). --------- RECITAL The Company has requested the Banks and the Agent to extend the delivery deadline for its annual reports and related officers' certificates and auditors' reports for the fiscal year-end 1999 to August 1, 1999, and the Banks and the Agent are willing to do so, on the terms and conditions specified herein; NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Terms. All terms used herein shall have the same meanings as in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein. All references to the Agreement shall mean the Agreement as hereby amended. 2. Amendments. The Borrowers, the Banks and the Agent hereby agree to amend the Agreement as follows: 2.1 Section 6.1(a) of the Agreement is amended by deleting the words "as soon as available, but not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999), " and replacing them with the words "as soon as available, but not later than (i) August 1, 1999, with respect to the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999, and (ii) 90 days after the end of each fiscal year commencing with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000," in the first two lines of Section 6.1(a) of the Agreement. 3. Representations and Warranties. Each Borrower represents and warrants (which representations and warranties in the case of Medis shall be limited to Medis and its Subsidiaries and other facts and circumstances known to Medis and its Subsidiaries) to Banks and Agent that, on and as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to this First Amendment: 3.1 Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this First Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and this First Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower. McKesson HBOC First Amendment -1- 3.2 Binding Obligation. This First Amendment is the legally valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers, enforceable in accordance with its terms against each Borrower, except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 3.3 No Legal Obstacle to Agreement. Neither the execution of this First Amendment, the making by Borrowers of any borrowing under the Agreement, nor the performance of the Agreement has constituted or resulted in or will constitute or result in a breach of the provisions of any material contract to which any Borrower is a party, or the violation of any law, judgment, decree or governmental order, rule or regulation applicable to any Borrower, or result in the creation under any agreement or instrument of any security interest, lien, charge, or encumbrance upon any of the assets of any Borrower. No approval or authorization of any governmental authority is required to permit the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrowers of this First Amendment, the Agreement, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the making of any borrowing under the Agreement. 3.4 Incorporation of Certain Representations. The representations and warranties set forth in Article V of the Agreement are true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true, correct and complete in all material respects on and as of such date. 3.5 Default. No Default or Event of Default under the Agreement has occurred and is continuing. 4. Miscellaneous. 4.1 Effectiveness of the Agreement; Counterparts. Except as hereby expressly amended, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. This First Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This First Amendment shall not become effective until each of the Borrowers, the Majority Banks and the Agent shall have signed a copy hereof, whether the same or counterparts, and the same shall have been delivered to the Agent. This First Amendment shall be effective to amend the Agreement as the Incorporated Agreement under, and as defined in, the Syndicated Revolving Promissory Note dated May 28, 1999 among the Company, Bank of American National Trust and Savings Association as agent thereunder and the Banks hereto which are noteholders thereunder. 4.2 Waivers. This First Amendment is specific in time and in intent and does not constitute, nor should it be construed as, a waiver of any other right, power or privilege under the Agreement, or under any agreement, contract, indenture, document or instrument mentioned in the Agreement; nor does it preclude any exercise thereof, nor shall any future waiver of any right, power, privilege or default hereunder, or under any agreement, contract, indenture, document or instrument mentioned in the Agreement, constitute a waiver of any other default of the same or of any other term or provision. McKesson HBOC First Amendment -2- 4.3 Jurisdiction. This First Amendment, and any instrument or agreement required hereunder, shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above. MCKESSON HBOC, INC. By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ------------------------------- Nicholas A. Loiacono Treasurer MEDIS HEALTH AND PHARMACEUTICAL SERVICES INC. By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ------------------------------- Nicholas A. Loiacono Vice President McKesson HBOC First Amendment BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent By: /s/ Gina Meador ------------------------------- Gina Meador Vice President BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as a Bank By: /s/ Vanessa Meyer ------------------------------ Vanessa Meyer Managing Director McKesson HBOC First Amendment BANK OF AMERICA CANADA, as Canadian Administrative Agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Richard Hall ------------------------------- Title: Vice President ---------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, as documentation agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Leonard Weiner --------------------------------- Title: Managing Director ------------------------------ McKesson HBOC First Amendment THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO, as documentation agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Kandis A. Jaffrey ------------------------------------ Title: Assistant Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment ABN AMRO BANK N.V., as managing agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Gina M. Brusatori ------------------------------------ Title: Group Vice President --------------------------------- By: /s/ ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK, as documentation agent and as a Bank By: /s/ ------------------------------------ Title: Senior Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment MELLON BANK, N.A., as managing agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Lawrence C. Ivey ----------------------------------------- Title: Vice President -------------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC., as managing agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Alva J. Jones ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment WACHOVIA BANK. N.A., as co-agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Eliza Racine ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment THE BANK OF NEW YORK By: /s/ Elizabeth Ying ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment PNC BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Philip K. Liebscher ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. By: /s/ Catherine M. Wallace ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- By: /s/ Donald A. Hartmann ------------------------------------ Title: Senior Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Aaron J. Gordon ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment ALLFIRST BANK By: /s/ Jennifer G. Erickson ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment NORWEST BANK MINNESOTA, N.A. By: /s/ ------------------------------------ Title: Commercial Banking Officer --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment BANK OF MONTREAL By: /s/ Chard W. Camm ------------------------------------ Title: Managing Director --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment FIRST CHICAGO NBD BANK, CANADA By: /s/ Mark A. Isley ------------------------------------ Title: First Vice President --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK By: /s/ Alva J. Jones ------------------------------------ Title: Manager CR Administration --------------------------------- McKesson HBOC First Amendment BANCA DI ROMA By: /s/ Augusto Bianchi ------------------------------------ Title: First Vice President - 97911 --------------------------------- By: /s/ Richard Dietz ------------------------------------ Title: Vice President - 97271 ---------------------------------
Exhibit 10.34 McKESSON HBOC, INC. SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT This SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is dated as of December 1, 1999 and entered into by and among McKesson HBOC, Inc. (formerly known as McKesson Corporation), a Delaware corporation ("Company"), Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc., an Ontario corporation ("Medis" and, together with Company, the "Borrowers"), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof ("Banks"), Bank of America Canada, as administrative agent with respect to Facility A Canadian Loans and the Bankers' Acceptance Facility, The Chase Manhattan Bank, as a documentation agent for the Banks, First Union National Bank, as a documentation agent for the Banks, Bank One, N.A., as a documentation agent for the Banks, and Bank of America, N.A. (as successor to Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association), as administrative agent for the Banks ("Administrative Agent"), and is made with reference to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998, as amended to the date hereof (as so amended, the "Credit Agreement"), by and among the parties hereto. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as set forth in the Credit Agreement. RECITALS WHEREAS, Company and Banks desire to amend the Credit Agreement to modify certain provisions of the Credit Agreement to account for the fact that the Company has terminated the Facility B Commitments and has replaced the Facility B Commitments with a separate 364-day facility credit agreement; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 1.1 Amendments to Article I: Provisions Relating to Defined Terms -------------------------------------------------------------- A. Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding thereto the following definition, which shall be inserted in proper alphabetical order: "October 1999 Credit Agreement" means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 22, 1999, by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, the Chase Manhattan Bank, as a documentation agent, First Union National Bank, as a documentation agent, Bank One, N.A., as a documentation agent, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, as a documentation agent, and the financial institutions on the signature pages thereof, as amended from time to time. 1 B. Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby further amended by deleting, in the definition of the term "Applicable Margin", the paragraph below the table which begins "The margin set forth..." and substituting in place of such paragraph the following: "The margin set forth above for any Applicable Rating Level on a given date shall be increased by fifteen (15.0) basis points if, on such date, the sum of (a) the Total Utilization of Facility A Commitments (as defined herein) existing on such date and (b) outstanding Loans (as such term is defined in the October 1999 Credit Agreement) on such date, exceeds 30% of the sum of (x) the aggregate of the Facility A Commitments (as defined herein) existing on such date and (y) the aggregate of the Commitments (as such term is defined in the October 1999 Credit Agreement) existing on such date." 1.2 Amendments to Article II: Amounts and Terms of Commitments and Loans -------------------------------------------------------------------- A. Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting clauses (v) and (vi) and the proviso following clause (vi) and substituting the following therefor: "(v) the total Facility A Commitments, following such increase, shall not exceed $700,000,000; and "(vi) the sum of (A) all increases in Facility A Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.14 and (B) all increases in commitments under the October 1999 Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 2.14 thereof, shall not exceed $300,000,000." 1.3 Modification of Schedules ------------------------- A. Schedule 2.1: Commitments; Affiliate Banks. Schedule 2.1 to the ------------ Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Part B of said Schedule 2.1 in ------------ its entirety and substituting in place thereof a new Part B of Schedule 2.1 in ------------ the form of Annex A to this Amendment. ------- Section 2. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS This Amendment shall become effective upon the execution of a counterpart hereof by Company, Medis, Administrative Agent, Canadian Administrative Agent and Banks and receipt by Company and Administrative Agent of written or telephonic notification of such execution and authorization of delivery thereof (the date of satisfaction of such condition being referred to herein as the "Second Amendment Effective Date"), with Company and Medis delivering executed copies of this Amendment to Banks (or to Administrative Agent for Banks with sufficient originally executed copies, where appropriate, for each Bank and its counsel). 2 Section 3. COMPANY'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES In order to induce Banks to enter into this Amendment and to amend the Credit Agreement in the manner provided herein, Company represents and warrants to each Bank that the following statements are true, correct and complete: A. Due Incorporation, Valid Existence and Good Standing; Corporate Power and Authority. Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Amendment and to carry out the transactions contemplated by, and perform its obligations under, the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment (the "Amended Agreement"). B. Authorization of Agreements. The execution and delivery of this Amendment and the performance of the Amended Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Company. C. No Conflict. The execution and delivery by Company of this Amendment and the performance by Company of the Amended Agreement do not and will not (i) violate any provision of any law or any governmental rule or regulation applicable to Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any order, judgment or decree of any court or other agency of government binding on Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any Contractual Obligation of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Liens created under any of the Loan Documents in favor of Administrative Agent on behalf of Banks), or (iv) require any approval of stockholders or any approval or consent of any Person under any Contractual Obligation of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. D. Governmental Consents. The execution and delivery by Company of this amendment and the performance by Company of the Amended Agreement do not and will not require any registration with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action to, with or by, any federal, state or other governmental authority or regulatory body. E. Binding Obligation. This Amendment and the Amended Agreement have been duly executed and delivered by Company and are the legally valid and binding obligations of Company, enforceable against Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. F. Absence of Default. No event has occurred and is continuing or will result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment that would constitute an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default. 3 Section 4. MISCELLANEOUS A. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents. (i) On and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereunder", "hereof", "herein" or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the "Credit Agreement", "thereunder", "thereof" or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Agreement. (ii) Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. (iii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Administrative Agent or any Bank under, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. B. Fees and Expenses. Each of Company acknowledges that all costs, fees and expenses as described in subsection 11.4 of the Credit Agreement incurred by Administrative Agent and its counsel with respect to this Amendment and the documents and transactions contemplated hereby shall be for the account of Company. C. Headings. Section and subsection headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. D. Applicable Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 1646.5 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA), WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. E. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument; signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are physically attached to the same document. 4 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. McKESSON HBOC, INC. By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ---------------------------------- Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President, Finance and Treasurer By: /s/ Lincoln K. Walworth ---------------------------------- Name: Lincoln K. Walworth Title: Assistant Treasurer MEDIS HEALTH AND PHARMACEUTICAL SERVICES INC. By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono ----------------------------------- Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono Title: Vice President S-1 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: /s/ Gina Meador --------------------------------- Name: Gina Meador Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Bank By: /s/ Vanessa Sheh Meyer --------------------------------- Name: Vanessa Sheh Meyer Title: Managing Director S-2 BANK OF AMERICA CANADA, as Canadian Administrative Agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Richard J. Hall ---------------------------------- Name: Richard J. Hall Title: Vice President S-3 THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, as documentation agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Leonard Weiner ------------------------------------ Name: Leonard Weiner Title: Managing Director S-4 BANK ONE, N.A., as documentation agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Mark A. Isley -------------------------------- Name: Mark A. Isley Title: First Vice President S-5 ABN AMRO BANK N.V., as managing agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Gina M. Brusatori ----------------------------------- Name Gina M. Brusatori Title: Group Vice President By: /s/ Amanda C. Cox ----------------------------------- Name: Amanda C. Cox Title: Vice President S-6 FIRST UNION NATIIONAL BANK, as documentation Agent and as a Bank By: /s/ John Reid ---------------------------------------- Name: John Reid Title: Vice President S-7 MELLON BANK, N.A., as managing agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Lawrence C. Ivey ---------------------------------------- Name: Lawrence C. Ivey Title: Vice President S-8 TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC., as managing agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Alva J. Jones -------------------------------- Name: Alva J. Jones Title: Vice President S-9 WACHOVIA BANK, N.A., as co-agent and as a Bank By: /s/ Eliza Racine ------------------------------ Name: Eliza M. Racine Title: Vice President S-10 THE BANK OF NEW YORK By: /s/ Rebecca K. Levine -------------------------------- Name: Rebecca K. Levine Title: Vice President S-11 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Philip K. Liebscher ----------------------------------- Name: Philip K. Liebscher Title: Vice President S-12 WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. By: /s/ Lee Jensen ------------------------------ Name: Lee Jensen Title: Vice President By: /s/ Gretchen Sleeper ------------------------------ Name: Gretchen Sleeper Title: Vice President S-13 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: /s/ Aaron J. Gordon ------------------------------------ Name: Aaron J. Gordon Title: Vice President S-14 ALLFIRST BANK By: /s/ Jennifer G. Erickson ----------------------------- Name: Jennifer G. Erickson Title: Vice President S-15 [This signature page has intentionally been left blank. The Bank formerly listed on this signature page has since assigned its commitments to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.] S-16 BANK OF MONTREAL By: /s/ Kano Modi ------------------------------------ Name: Kano Modi Title: Director S-17 BANK ONE CANADA By: /s/ Mark A. Isley ------------------------------------ Name: Mark A. Isley Title: First Vice President S-18 THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK By: /s/ Alva J. Jones ------------------------------ Name: Alva J. Jones Title: MGR CR Administration S-19 BANCA DI ROMA By: /s/ Thomas C. Woodruff -------------------------------- Name: Thomas C. Woodruff Title: Vice President S-20 ANNEX A REVISED SCHEDULE 2.1, PART B See Attached. A-1 B. Facility B Banks ---------------- The Facility B Commitments were terminated on October 22, 1999. Sch. 2.1
EXECUTION COPY Exhibit 10.35 RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of June 25, 1999 among CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as Seller, McKESSON HBOC, INC., as Servicer, PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION and BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION as Conduits, THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO and WACHOVIA BANK, N.A. as Managing Agents, THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, as Financial Institutions and THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO, as Collateral Agent CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, this "Agreement") is among CGSF Funding Corporation, a Delaware ---------- corporation ("Seller"), McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation ------ ("McKesson"), as initial Servicer (the Servicer together with the Seller, the -------- "Seller Parties" and each a "Seller Party"), the funding entities listed on -------------- ------------ Schedule A to this Agreement (together with their respective successors and - ---------- assigns hereunder, the "Financial Institutions"), Preferred Receivables Funding ---------------------- Corporation ("PREFCO"), Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon") and ------ ------ Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge"; PREFCO, Falcon and Blue ---------- Ridge being referred to collectively as the "Conduits", and together with the -------- Financial Institutions, the "Purchasers"), The First National Bank of Chicago ---------- and Wachovia Bank, N.A. (each, a "Managing Agent" and collectively, the --------------- "Managing Agents") and The First National Bank of Chicago, as collateral agent --------------- for the Purchasers hereunder or any successor collateral agent hereunder (together with its successors and assigns hereunder, the "Collateral Agent"). ---------------- Unless defined elsewhere herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in Exhibit I. --------- PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS Seller desires to transfer and assign Purchaser Interests to the Purchasers from time to time. The Conduits may, in their absolute and sole discretion, purchase Purchaser Interests from Seller from time to time. In the event that the Conduits decline to make any purchase, the Financial Institutions shall, at the request of Seller, purchase Purchaser Interests from time to time. In addition, the Financial Institutions have agreed to provide a liquidity facility to the Conduits in accordance with the terms hereof. Each Financial Institution which has so agreed on behalf of a Conduit is sometimes hereinafter referred to as a "Committed Purchaser" for such ------------------- Conduit. The First National Bank of Chicago has been requested and is willing to act as Collateral Agent on behalf of the Conduits and the Financial Institutions in accordance with the terms hereof. ARTICLE I PURCHASE ARRANGEMENTS Section 1.1 Purchase Facility. Upon the terms and subject to the ----------------- conditions hereof, Seller hereby sells and assigns Purchaser Interests to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of one or more of the Purchasers in all of its Receivables, whether now owned or hereafter arising. In accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Conduit may, at its option, instruct the related Managing Agent to purchase on its behalf, or if such Conduits shall decline to purchase, the Managing Agents shall purchase, on behalf of the applicable Committed 2 Purchasers, Purchaser Interests from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Purchase Limit during the period from the date hereof to but not including the Facility Termination Date. Section 1.2 Increases. Seller shall provide each Managing Agent with --------- at least two (2) Business Days' prior notice in a form set forth as Exhibit II ---------- hereto of each Incremental Purchase (a "Purchase Notice"), provided that only --------------- -------- one Business Day's notice period shall be required in connection with the initial purchase hereunder. Each Purchase Notice shall be subject to Section ------- 6.2 hereof and, except as set forth below, shall be irrevocable and shall - --- specify the requested Purchase Price (which shall not be less than $15,000,000 in the aggregate for all Purchasers), date of purchase, the type of Discount Rate and Tranche Period; provided, that the Seller may not send more than one -------- (1) Purchase Notice in any one-week period. Following receipt of a Purchase Notice, each Managing Agent will determine whether each of its related Conduits agrees to make the purchase and whether such Conduit is capable of making a purchase with the requested Tranche Period. If any Conduit declines to make a proposed purchase, its Managing Agent shall promptly notify the Collateral Agent and the Seller and the Seller may cancel the Purchase Notice or, in the absence of such a cancellation, the Incremental Purchase of the Purchaser Interest will be made by the applicable Committed Purchasers. On the date of each Incremental Purchase, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Article VI, each Conduit or the applicable Committed Purchasers, as applicable, - ---------- shall make available to its related Managing Agent at its address listed beneath its signature on its signature page to this Agreement, for deposit to such account as the Seller designates from time to time, in immediately available funds, no later than 12:00 noon (Chicago time), an amount equal to (i) in the case of a Conduit, such Conduit's Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests then being purchased or (ii) in the case of a Financial Institution, such Financial Institution's Adjusted Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Purchase Price of the Purchaser Interests then being purchased. Section 1.3 Decreases. Seller shall provide each Managing Agent with --------- prior written notice in conformity with the Required Notice Period of any reduction from Collections requested by Seller of Capital (a "Reduction --------- Notice"). Such Reduction Notice shall designate (i) the date (the "Proposed -------- Reduction Date") upon which any such reduction of Capital by the Collateral - -------------- Agent and the Managing Agents shall occur (which date shall give effect to the applicable Required Notice Period), and (ii) the aggregate amount of Capital to be reduced which shall be applied by the Managing Agents ratably to the Purchaser Interests of the Conduits and the Financial Institutions in accordance with the amount of Capital (if any) owing to the Conduits, on the one hand, and the amount of Capital (if any) owing to the Financial Institutions on the other hand (in each case, ratably, based on their respective Pro Rata Shares), (the "Aggregate Reduction"). Only one (1) Reduction Notice shall be outstanding at ------------------- any time. Section 1.4 Payment Requirements. All amounts to be paid or -------------------- deposited by any Seller Party pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof no later than 12:00 noon (Chicago time) on the day when due in immediately available funds, and if not received before 12:00 noon (Chicago time) shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding Business Day. If such amounts are payable to a Purchaser they shall be paid to the related Managing Agent, for the account of such Purchaser, at its address listed beneath its signature on its signature page to this Agreement until otherwise 3 notified by such Managing Agent. All computations of Yield and per annum fees hereunder and under the Fee Letter shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed. If any amount hereunder shall be payable on a day which is not a Business Day, such amount shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day. ARTICLE II PAYMENTS AND COLLECTIONS Section 2.1 Payments. Notwithstanding any limitation on recourse -------- contained in this Agreement, Seller shall immediately pay to each Managing Agent when due, for the account of the related Purchaser or Purchasers (i) such fees as set forth in the exhibits to the Mandate Letter and as set forth in the Fee Letter (which fees shall be sufficient to pay all fees owing to the Financial Institutions), (ii) all amounts payable as Yield, (iii) all amounts payable as Deemed Collections (which, subject to the servicing procedures set forth in Article VIII, shall be applied to reduce outstanding Capital hereunder in - ------------ accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof), (iv) all amounts payable to reduce ------------ --- the Seller Interest, if required, pursuant to Section 2.6, (v) all amounts ----------- payable pursuant to Article X, if any, (vi) all Servicer costs and expenses in --------- connection with servicing, administering and collecting the Receivables, (vii) all Broken Funding Costs and (viii) all Default Fees (collectively, the "Obligations"). If any Person fails to pay any of the Obligations when due, ----------- such Person agrees to pay, on demand, the Default Fee in respect thereof until paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no provision of this Agreement, the Fee Letter or the Managing Agents' respective exhibits to the Mandate Letter shall require the payment or permit the collection of any amounts hereunder in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. If at any time Seller receives any Collections or is deemed to receive any Collections, Seller shall immediately pay such Collections or Deemed Collections to the Servicer and, at all times prior to such payment, such Collections shall be held in trust by Seller for the exclusive benefit of the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent. Section 2.2 Collections Prior to Amortization. Prior to the ---------------------------------- Amortization Date, and other than in connection with an Aggregate Reduction, any Collections and/or Deemed Collections received by the Servicer (after the initial purchase of a Purchaser Interest hereunder and on or prior to the Amortization Date of such Purchaser Interest) shall be set aside and held in trust by the Servicer for the payment of any accrued and unpaid Aggregate Unpaids, subject to the Servicing procedures set forth in Article VIII, and, ------------ upon each such receipt of Collections by the Servicer, the Seller hereby requests and the Purchasers hereby agree to make, a reinvestment of funds (each, a "Reinvestment"), such that after giving effect to such application of funds, ------------ the amount of Aggregate Capital immediately after such receipt and corresponding Reinvestment shall be equal to the amount of Aggregate Capital immediately prior to such receipt. On each Settlement Date prior to the occurrence of the Amortization Date, the Servicer shall remit to the Managing Agents' respective accounts in accordance with the applicable Pro Rata Shares of the related Purchasers, the amounts set aside during the preceding Settlement Period and apply such amounts (if not previously paid in accordance with Section 2.1) to ----------- reduce unpaid Obligations. If such Obligations shall be reduced to zero, any additional Collections received by the Servicer shall (i) if applicable, be remitted to the Managing Agents' respective accounts in accordance with the applicable Pro Rata Shares of the related Purchasers no later than 12:00 noon (Chicago 4 time) to the extent required to fund any Aggregate Reduction on such Settlement Date and (ii) thereafter be remitted from the Servicer to Seller on such Settlement Date. Section 2.3 Collections Following Amortization. On the Amortization ----------------------------------- Date and on each day thereafter, the Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust, for the holder of each Purchaser Interest, all Collections received on such day and an additional amount of Collections for the payment of any accrued and unpaid Obligations owed by Seller and not previously paid by Seller in accordance with Section 2.1, whether or not any such Collections are allocable ----------- to the Purchaser Interests for the benefit of the Purchasers. On and after the Amortization Date, the Servicer shall, at any time upon the request from time to time by (or pursuant to standing instructions from) the Collateral Agent (i) remit to the Managing Agents' respective accounts established for the benefit of the related Purchasers, in accordance with the applicable Pro Rata Shares, the amounts set aside pursuant to the preceding sentence, and (ii) apply such amounts to reduce the Aggregate Capital and any other Aggregate Unpaids. Section 2.4 Application of Collections. If there shall be -------------------------- insufficient funds on deposit for the Servicer to distribute funds in payment in full of the aforementioned amounts pursuant to Section 2.2 or 2.3 (as ----------- --- applicable), the Servicer shall distribute funds: first, ratably to the payment of all accrued and unpaid fees under the ----- Fee Letter and Yield; second, to the payment of the Servicer's reasonable out-of-pocket ------ costs and expenses in connection with servicing, administering and collecting the Receivables if Seller or one of its Affiliates is not then acting as the Servicer, third, to the reimbursement of the Collateral Agent's and each ----- Managing Agent's costs of collection and enforcement of this Agreement, fourth, (if applicable) in reduction of the Aggregate Capital ------ fifth, for the ratable payment of all other unpaid Obligations, ----- provided that to the extent such Obligations relate to the payment of -------- Servicer costs and expenses when the Seller or one of its Affiliates is acting as the Servicer, such costs and expenses will not be paid until after the payment in full of all other Obligations, and sixth, after the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly reduced to ----- zero, to the Seller. Collections applied to the payment of Aggregate Unpaids shall be distributed in accordance with the aforementioned provisions, and, giving effect to each of the priorities set forth in Section 2.4 above, shall be shared ----------- ratably (within each priority) among the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers in accordance with the amount of such Aggregate Unpaids owing to each of them in respect of each such priority. Section 2.5 Payment Rescission. No payment of any of the Aggregate ------------------ Unpaids shall be considered paid or applied hereunder to the extent that, at any time, all or any 5 portion of such payment or application is rescinded by application of law or judicial authority, or must otherwise be returned or refunded for any reason. Seller shall remain obligated for the amount of any payment or application so rescinded, returned or refunded, and shall promptly pay to the Collateral Agent (for application to the Person or Persons who suffered such rescission, return or refund) the full amount thereof, plus the Default Fee from the date of any ---- such rescission, return or refunding. Section 2.6 Seller Interest. Seller shall ensure that the Purchaser --------------- Interests of the Purchasers shall at no time exceed in the aggregate 100%. If the aggregate of the Purchaser Interests of the Purchasers exceeds 100%, Seller shall immediately pay to the Managing Agents an amount to be applied to reduce the Aggregate Capital, such that after giving effect to such payment the aggregate of the Purchaser Interests equals or is less than 100%. Section 2.7 Clean Up Call. In addition to Seller's rights pursuant ------------- to Section 1.3, Seller shall have the right (after providing written notice to ----------- the Managing Agents in accordance with the Required Notice Period), at any time following the reduction of the Capital to a level that is less than 10.0% of the original Purchase Limit, to repurchase from the Purchasers all, but not less than all, of the then outstanding Purchaser Interests. The purchase price in respect thereof shall be an amount equal to the Aggregate Unpaids through the date of such repurchase, payable in immediately available funds. Such repurchase shall be without representation, warranty or recourse of any kind by, on the part of, or against any Purchaser, any Managing Agent or the Collateral Agent. ARTICLE III [RESERVED] ARTICLE IV FUNDING Section 4.1 General Funding Provisions. Each Purchaser Interest of -------------------------- the Financial Institutions shall accrue Yield for each day during its Tranche Period at either the LIBO Rate or the Base Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and each Purchaser Interest of the Conduits shall accrue Yield for each day during its Tranche Period at the CP Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. Until Seller gives notice to the Managing Agents of another Discount Rate in accordance with Section 4.4, the initial ----------- Discount Rate for any Purchaser Interest transferred to the Financial Institutions pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof shall be the Base Rate. If the Financial Institutions acquire by assignment from any Conduit any Purchaser Interest pursuant to such Conduit's respective Liquidity Agreement, each Purchaser Interest so assigned shall each be deemed to have a new Tranche Period commencing on the date of any such assignment. Section 4.2 Yield Payments. On the Settlement Date for each -------------- Purchaser Interest, Seller shall pay to each Managing Agent (for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers) an aggregate amount equal to the accrued and unpaid Yield for the entire Tranche Period of each such Purchaser Interest in accordance with Article II. ---------- 6 Section 4.3 Selection and Continuation of Tranche Periods. (a) With --------------------------------------------- consultation from each related Managing Agent, Seller shall from time to time request Tranche Periods for the Purchaser Interests; provided, however, that no -------- ------- more than fifteen (15) Tranche Periods shall be outstanding at any one time. (b) Seller may, effective on the last day of a Tranche Period (the "Terminating Tranche") for any Purchaser Interest, divide any such Purchaser - -------------------- Interest into multiple Purchaser Interests or combine any such Purchaser Interest with one or more other Purchaser Interests which either have a Terminating Tranche ending on such day or are newly created on such day (subject to the Conduits' ability to accommodate such division or combination), provided, -------- in no event may a Purchaser Interest of the Conduits be combined with a Purchaser Interest of the Financial Institutions. Section 4.4 Financial Institution Discount Rates. Seller may select ------------------------------------- the LIBO Rate or the Base Rate for each Purchaser Interest of the Financial Institutions. Seller shall by 12:00 noon (Chicago time): (i) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the expiration of any Terminating Tranche with respect to which the LIBO Rate is being requested as a new Discount Rate and (ii) at least one (1) Business Day prior to the expiration of any Terminating Tranche with respect to which the Base Rate is being requested as a new Discount Rate, give each related Managing Agent irrevocable notice of the new Discount Rate for the Purchaser Interest associated with such Terminating Tranche. Section 4.5 Suspension of the LIBO Rate. (a) If any Financial --------------------------- Institution notifies its related Managing Agent that it has determined that funding its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests of the Financial Institutions at a LIBO Rate would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, or directive of any governmental or regulatory authority, whether or not having the force of law, or that (i) deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund its Purchaser Interests at such LIBO Rate are not available or (ii) such LIBO Rate does not accurately reflect the cost of acquiring or maintaining a Purchaser Interest at such LIBO Rate, then such Managing Agent shall notify the Collateral Agent and shall suspend the availability of such LIBO Rate and require Seller to select the Base Rate for any Purchaser Interest accruing Yield at such LIBO Rate. (b) If less than all of the Financial Institutions give a notice to the Managing Agents pursuant to Section 4.5(a), each Financial Institution which -------------- gave such a notice shall be obligated, at the request of Seller or such Financial Institution's Managing Agent (on behalf of the related Conduit or Conduits), to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to (i) another Financial Institution or (ii) another funding entity nominated by Seller that is acceptable to the Conduits and willing to participate in this Agreement through the Liquidity Termination Date in the place of such notifying Financial Institution; provided that (i) the notifying Financial Institution receives -------- payment in full, pursuant to an Assignment Agreement, of an amount equal to such notifying Financial Institution's Pro Rata Share of the Capital and Yield owing to all of the Financial Institutions and all accrued but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests of the Financial Institutions, and (ii) the replacement Financial Institution otherwise satisfies the requirements of Section 12.1(b). --------------- 7 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 5.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller Parties. Each ------------------------------------------------ Seller Party hereby represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers, as to itself, that: (a) Corporate Existence and Power. Such Seller Party is a corporation ----------------------------- duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation, and has and holds all corporate power and all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where the failure to so qualify or so hold could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Power and Authority; Due Authorization Execution and Delivery. ------------------------------------------------------------- The execution and delivery by such Seller Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and, in the case of Seller, Seller's use of the proceeds of purchases made hereunder, are within its corporate powers and authority and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which such Seller Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Seller Party. (c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery by such Seller Party of ----------- this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation or by-laws, (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, (iii) any restrictions under any agreement, contract or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, or (iv) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property, and do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on assets of such Seller Party or its Material Subsidiaries (except as created hereunder) except, in any case, where such contravention or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no transaction contemplated hereby requires compliance with any bulk sales act or similar law. (d) Governmental Authorization. Other than the filing of the -------------------------- financing statements required hereunder, no authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution and delivery by such Seller Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. (e) Actions, Suits. Except as otherwise disclosed to or discussed -------------- with the Managing Agents prior to the date hereof, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending, or to the best of such Seller Party's knowledge, threatened, against or affecting such Seller Party, or any of its properties, in or before any court, arbitrator or other body, that could reasonably be 8 expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Such Seller Party is not in default with respect to any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body. (f) Binding Effect. This Agreement and each other Transaction -------------- Document to which such Seller Party is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller Party enforceable against such Seller Party in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). (g) Accuracy of Information. All information heretofore furnished by ----------------------- such Seller Party or any of its Affiliates to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or the Purchasers for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement, any Monthly Report, any of the other Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is, and all such information hereafter furnished by such Seller Party or any of its Affiliates to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or the Purchasers will be, true and accurate in every material respect on the date such information is stated or certified (or, if such information specifies another date, such other date) and does not and will not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. (h) Use of Proceeds. No proceeds of any purchase hereunder will be --------------- used (i) for a purpose that violates, or would be inconsistent with, Regulation T, U or X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from time to time or (ii) to acquire any "margin stock," as such term is defined in Regulation U promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from time to time. (i) Good Title. Immediately prior to each purchase hereunder, Seller ---------- shall be the legal and beneficial owner of the Receivables and Related Security with respect thereto, free and clear of any Adverse Claim, except as created by the Transaction Documents. There have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Seller's ownership interest in each Receivable, its Collections and the Related Security. (j) Perfection. This Agreement, together with the filing of the ---------- financing statements contemplated hereby, is effective to transfer to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the relevant Purchaser or Purchasers (and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of such Purchaser or Purchasers shall acquire from Seller) a valid and perfected first priority undivided percentage ownership interest in each Receivable existing or hereafter arising and in the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, free and clear of any Adverse Claim, except as created by the Transactions Documents. There have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Collateral Agent's (on behalf of the Purchasers) ownership interest in the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections. 9 (k) Places of Business. The principal places of business and chief ------------------ executive office of such Seller Party and the offices where it keeps all of its Records are located at the addresses listed on Exhibit III or such other ----------- locations of which the Collateral Agent has been notified in accordance with Section 7.2(a) in jurisdictions where all action required by Section 14.4(a) has - -------------- --------------- been taken and completed. Each Seller Party's Federal Employer Identification Number is correctly set forth on Exhibit III. ----------- (l) Collections. The conditions and requirements set forth in Section ----------- ------- 7.1(j) and Section 8.2 have at all times been satisfied and duly performed. The - ------ names and addresses of all Collection Banks, together with the account numbers of the Collection Accounts of Seller at each Collection Bank and the post office box number of each Lock-Box, are listed on Exhibit IV. ---------- (m) Material Adverse Effect. (i) The initial Servicer represents and ----------------------- warrants that since December 31, 1998, no event has occurred with respect to the initial Servicer that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or operations or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, except as otherwise disclosed to or discussed with the Managing Agents prior to the date hereof and (ii) Seller represents and warrants that since the date of this Agreement, no event has occurred that would have a material adverse effect on (A) the financial condition or operations of Seller, (B) the ability of Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement or (C) the collectibility of the Receivables generally or any material portion of the Receivables. (n) Names. In the past five (5) years, Seller has not used any ----- corporate names, trade names or assumed names other than the name in which it has executed this Agreement. (o) Ownership of Seller. The Originator and CGSF each own, directly ------------------- or indirectly, 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Seller, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. Such capital stock is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and there are no options, warrants or other rights to acquire securities of Seller. (p) Not a Holding Company or an Investment Company. Such Seller Party ---------------------------------------------- is not a "holding company" or a "subsidiary holding company" of a "holding --------------- -------------------------- ------- company" within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, - ------- as amended, or any successor statute. Such Seller Party is not an "investment ---------- company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, - ------- or any successor statute. (q) Compliance with Law. Such Seller Party has complied in all ------------------- respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Receivable, together with the Contract related thereto, does not contravene any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including, without --------- ------- limitation, laws, rules and regulations relating to truth in lending, fair - ---------- credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy), and no part of such Contract is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation, except where such contravention or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 10 (r) Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy. Such Seller Party -------------------------------------------- has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Receivable and the related Contract, and has not made any material change to such Credit and Collection Policy, except such material change as to which the Collateral Agent has been notified in accordance with Section 7.1(a)(vii). - ------------------- (s) Payments to CGSF and Originator. With respect to each Receivable ------------------------------- transferred to CGSF under the Tier One Receivables Sale Agreement, CGSF has given reasonably equivalent value to the Originator in consideration therefor and with respect to each Receivable transferred to Seller under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement, Seller has given reasonably equivalent value to CGSF in consideration therefor, and no such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt. (t) Enforceability of Contracts. Each Contract with respect to each --------------------------- Receivable is effective to create, and has created, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor to pay the Outstanding Balance of the Receivable created thereunder and any accrued interest thereon, enforceable against the Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). (u) Eligible Receivables. Each Receivable included in the Net -------------------- Receivables Balance as an Eligible Receivable on the date of its purchase under each Receivables Sale Agreement was an Eligible Receivable on such purchase date. (v) Net Receivables Balance. Each Seller Party has determined that, ----------------------- immediately after giving effect to each purchase hereunder, the Net Receivables Balance is at least equal to the sum of (i) the Aggregate Capital, plus (ii) the ---- Aggregate Reserves. (w) Year 2000. Such Seller Party (i) has reviewed the areas within --------- its business and operations which could be adversely affected by the Year 2000 Problem, (ii) has developed a Year 2000 Plan to address the Year 2000 Problem on a timely basis, but in no event later than September 30, 1999 (iii) is taking all actions reasonably necessary to meet the schedule and goals of the Year 2000 Plan and (iv) has established a reasonable level of reserves to implement the Year 2000 Plan. Such Seller Party does not reasonably anticipate that the Year 2000 Problem could have a Material Adverse Effect. (x) Accounting. Each Seller Party accounts for the transactions ---------- contemplated by this Agreement and the Receivables Sale Agreements on its books and records and, for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles, as sales. (y) Compliance with Representations. On and as of the date of each ------------------------------- purchase of a Purchaser Interest hereunder and the date of each Reinvestment hereunder, each Seller Party hereby represents and warrants that all of the other representations and warranties made by it set forth in this Section 5.1 ----------- are true and correct on and as of the date of such purchase or Reinvestment (and after giving effect to such purchase or Reinvestment) as though made on and 11 as of each such date (except where such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date). Section 5.2 Financial Institution Representations and Warranties. ---------------------------------------------------- Each Financial Institution hereby represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Conduits that: (a) Existence and Power. Such Financial Institution is a corporation ------------------- or a banking association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, and has all corporate power to perform its obligations hereunder. (b) No Conflict. The execution and delivery by such Financial ----------- Institution of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder are within its corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation or association or by-laws, (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, (iii) any restrictions under any agreement, contract or instrument to which it is a party or any of its property is bound, or (iv) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property, and do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on its assets. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Financial Institution. (c) Governmental Authorization. No authorization or approval or other -------------------------- action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for the due execution and delivery by such Financial Institution of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. (d) Binding Effect. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and -------------- binding obligation of such Financial Institution enforceable against such Financial Institution in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS OF PURCHASES Section 6.1 Conditions Precedent to Initial Purchase. The initial ----------------------------------------- purchase of a Purchaser Interest under this Agreement is subject to the conditions precedent that (a) the Collateral Agent shall have received on or before the date of such purchase those documents listed on Schedule B, (b) the ---------- Collateral Agent shall have received all fees and expenses required to be paid on such date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and under each Managing Agent's respective exhibit to the Mandate Letter, and (c) the Originator and CGSF shall have marked their respective records evidencing the Receivables in a manner satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 12 Section 6.2 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestment. ------------------------------------------------------- Each purchase of a Purchaser Interest and each Reinvestment shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that (a) in the case of each such purchase or Reinvestment, the Servicer shall have delivered to the Managing Agents on or prior to the date of such purchase, in form and substance satisfactory to the Managing Agents, all Monthly Reports as and when due under Section 8.5 and (ii) ----------- upon the Collateral Agent's or any Managing Agent's request, the Servicer shall have delivered to the Managing Agents at least three (3) days prior to such purchase or Reinvestment an interim Monthly Report showing the amount of Eligible Receivables or such other form of report in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Managing Agents showing adequate information relating to the amount of Eligible Receivables; (b) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred; (c) no Amortization Event or, with respect to any Incremental Purchase, no Potential Amortization Event shall have occurred; and (d) the Collateral Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as it may reasonably request. With respect to each Incremental Purchase and Reinvestment, as a condition to such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment, on the date of such purchase the Seller represents and warrants that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.1 are true and ----------- correct on and as of the date of such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment (and after giving effect thereto) as though made on and as of such date (except where such representation or warranty relates to an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date). ARTICLE VII COVENANTS Section 7.1 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller Parties. Until the ------------------------------------------- date on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly paid in full and this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, each Seller Party hereby covenants, as to itself, as set forth below: (a) Financial Reporting. Such Seller Party will maintain, for itself ------------------- and each of its Material Subsidiaries, a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents: (i) Annual Reporting. Within ninety (90) days after the close of each --------------- of its respective fiscal years, audited, unqualified financial statements (which shall include balance sheets, statements of income and retained earnings and a statement of cash flows) for the Seller Parties on a consolidated basis for such fiscal year certified in a manner acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents by independent public accountants acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents together with unaudited consolidating financial statements for the Seller and CGSF; provided, that the Seller shall only to be required to deliver -------- financial statements for the Seller and CGSF to the extent such statements are prepared; provided, further, that for the fiscal year ending March 31, -------- ------- 1999, the Seller Parties shall deliver the financial statements for such year on or before August 1, 1999. 13 (ii) Quarterly Reporting. Within sixty (60) days after the close of ------------------- the first three (3) quarterly periods of each of its respective fiscal years, balance sheets of each of the Originator and the Servicer (if different from the Originator, and, to the extent such financial statements are prepared, for CGSF and the Seller), in each such case as at the close of each such period, together with statements of income and retained earnings and a statement of cash flows for each such Person for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its respective chief financial officer. (iii) Compliance Certificate. Together with the financial statements ---------------------- required hereunder, a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit V signed by such Seller Party's Authorized Officer and dated the --------- date of such annual financial statement or such quarterly financial statement, as the case may be. (iv) Shareholders Statements and Reports. Promptly upon the ----------------------------------- furnishing thereof to the shareholders of such Seller Party copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy statements so furnished. (v) Securities Exchange Commission Filings. Promptly upon the -------------------------------------- filing thereof, copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which such Seller Party or any of its Subsidiaries files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (vi) Copies of Notices. Promptly upon its receipt of any notice, ----------------- request for consent, financial statements, certification, report or other communication under or in connection with any Transaction Document from any Person other than the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Conduit, copies of the same. (vii) Change in Credit and Collection Policy. At least thirty (30) -------------------------------------- days prior to the effectiveness of any material change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy then in effect and a notice indicating such change or amendment. (viii) Other Information. Promptly, from time to time, such other ----------------- information, documents, records or reports relating to the Receivables or the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of such Seller Party as the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent may from time to time reasonably request in order to protect the interests of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents, and the Purchasers under or as contemplated by this Agreement. (b) Notices. Such Seller Party will notify the Collateral Agent ------- and each Managing Agent in writing of any of the following promptly upon learning of the occurrence thereof, describing the same and, if applicable, the steps being taken with respect thereto: (i) Amortization Events or Potential Amortization Events. The ---------------------------------------------------- occurrence of each Amortization Event and each Potential Amortization Event, by a statement of an Authorized Officer of such Seller Party. 14 (ii) Judgment and Proceedings. (A) The entry of any judgment or ------------------------ decree against (1) the Servicer or any of its respective Material Subsidiaries if the amount of any such judgment or decree against the Servicer or one of its Material Subsidiaries exceeds $25,000,000 after deducting (a) the amount with respect to which the Servicer or any such Material Subsidiary is insured and with respect to which the insurer has assumed responsibility in writing, and (b) the amount for which the Servicer or any such Material Subsidiary is otherwise indemnified if the terms of such indemnification are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents, or (2) Seller; or (B) The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding against CGSF and the Seller. (iii) Material Adverse Effect. The occurrence of any event or ----------------------- condition that has, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. (iv) Receivables Sale Agreement Amortization Date. The occurrence of -------------------------------------------- the "Amortization Date" under either Receivables Sale Agreement. ----------------- (v) Defaults Under Other Agreements. The occurrence of a default or ------------------------------- an event of default under any other financing arrangement pursuant to which such Seller Party is a debtor or an obligor that is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (vi) Downgrade of the Originator. Any downgrade in the rating of any --------------------------- Indebtedness of the Originator by S&P or by Moody's, setting forth the Indebtedness affected and the nature of such change. (c) Compliance with Laws and Preservation of Corporate Existence. ------------------------------------------------------------ Such Seller Party will comply in all respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions, decrees or awards to which it may be subject, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Such Seller Party will preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where its business is conducted, except where the failure to so preserve and maintain or qualify could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) Audits. Such Seller Party will furnish to the Collateral Agent ------ and each Managing Agent from time to time such information with respect to it and the Receivables as the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent may reasonably request. Such Seller Party will, from time to time during regular business hours as requested by the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent upon reasonable notice and at the sole cost of such Seller Party, permit the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent, or its agents or representatives, (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all Records in the possession or under the control of such Person relating to the Receivables and the Related Security, including, without limitation, the related Contracts, and (ii) to visit the offices and properties of such Person for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above, and to discuss matters relating to ---------- such 15 Person's financial condition or the Receivables and the Related Security or any Person's performance under any of the Transaction Documents or any Person's performance under the Contracts (subject to confidentiality restrictions in the relevant Contracts) and, in each case, with any of the officers or employees of Seller or the Servicer having knowledge of such matters; provided, however, that -------- ------- prior to the Amortization Date, so long as no Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and their respective agents or representatives shall not, on a collective basis, conduct the activities described in clauses (i) and (ii) above more frequently than one ----------- ---- time per year. Without limiting any of the foregoing, the Seller Parties shall deliver to each Managing Agent a copy of the management letter prepared by Deloitte & Touche in connection with the audit being conducted as of the date hereof as soon as such letter is available and, in any event, no later than July 31, 1999. (e) Keeping and Marking of Records and Books. ---------------------------------------- (i) The Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables (including, without limitation, records adequate to permit the identification of each new Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Receivable). (ii) Such Seller Party will on or prior to the date hereof, mark its records and other books and records relating to the Purchaser Interests with a legend, acceptable to the Collateral Agent, describing the Purchaser Interests. (f) Compliance with Contracts and Credit and Collection Policy. ---------------------------------------------------------- Seller Party will timely and fully (i) perform and comply with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Receivables, and (ii) comply in all respects with the Credit and Collection Policy in regard to each Receivable and the related Contract, except, in each case, where the failure to so comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. Seller will pay when due any taxes payable in connection with the Receivables, exclusive of taxes on or measured by income or gross receipts of the Conduits, the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or any Financial Institution. (g) Performance and Enforcement of Receivables Sale Agreements. ---------------------------------------------------------- Seller shall, and shall require the Originator and CGSF to, perform each of their respective obligations and undertakings under and pursuant to each Receivables Sale Agreement, as applicable, shall purchase Receivables thereunder in strict compliance with the terms thereof and shall take all action necessary or reasonably appropriate to enforce the rights and remedies accorded to Seller under the Receivables Sale Agreements. Seller shall take all actions reasonably necessary to perfect and enforce its rights and interests (and the rights and interests of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers as assignees of Seller) under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement (including its rights and interests under the Tier One Receivables Sale Agreement, as assignee of CGSF) as the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request, including, --------- without - ------- 16 limitation, making claims to which it may be entitled under any indemnity, - ---------- reimbursement or similar provision contained in the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement. (h) Ownership. Seller shall take all necessary action to (i) vest --------- legal and equitable title to the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections purchased under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement irrevocably in Seller, free and clear of any Adverse Claims other than Adverse Claims in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers (including, without limitation, --------- ------------------ the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Seller's interest in such Receivables, Related Security and Collections and such other action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of Seller therein as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request), and (ii) establish and maintain, in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers, a valid and perfected first priority undivided percentage ownership interest (and/or a valid and perfected first priority security interest) in all Receivables, Related Security and Collections to the full extent contemplated herein, free and clear of any Adverse Claims other than Adverse Claims in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers (including, without limitation, the filing of all financing --------- ------------------ statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Collateral Agent's (for the benefit of the Purchasers) interest in such Receivables, Related Security and Collections and such other action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request). (i) Purchasers' Reliance. Seller acknowledges that the Purchasers are -------------------- entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon Seller's identity as a legal entity that is separate from the Originator and CGSF. Therefore, from and after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement, Seller shall take all reasonable steps, including, without limitation, all steps that the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser may from time to time reasonably request, to maintain Seller's identity as a separate legal entity and to make it manifest to third parties that Seller is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Originator, CGSF and any Affiliates thereof and not just a division of the Originator or CGSF. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants set forth herein, Seller shall: (A) conduct its own business in its own name and require that all full-time employees of Seller, if any, identify themselves as such and not as employees of the Originator or CGSF; (B) if applicable, compensate all employees, consultants and agents directly, from Seller's bank accounts, for services provided to Seller by such employees, consultants and agents and, to the extent any employee, consultant or agent of Seller is also an employee, consultant or agent of the Originator or CGSF, allocate the compensation of such employee, consultant or agent between Seller and the Originator or CGSF, as applicable, on a basis that reflects the services rendered to Seller and the Originator or CGSF, as applicable; 17 (C) clearly identify its offices (by signage or otherwise) as its offices, if any, and, if any such office is located in the offices of the Originator or CGSF, Seller shall lease such office at a fair market rent; (D) if applicable, have separate stationery, invoices and checks in its own name; (E) conduct all transactions with the Originator, CGSF and the Servicer (including, without limitation, any delegation of its obligations hereunder as Servicer) strictly on an arm's-length basis, allocate all overhead expenses (including, without limitation, telephone and other utility charges), if any, for items shared between Seller and the Originator or CGSF on the basis of actual use to the extent practicable, if any, and, to the extent such allocation is not practicable, on a basis reasonably related to actual use; (F) at all times have a Board of Directors consisting of at least three members, at least one member of which is an Independent Director; (G) observe all corporate formalities as a distinct entity, and ensure that all corporate actions relating to (A) the selection, maintenance or replacement of the Independent Director, (B) the dissolution or liquidation of Seller or (C) the initiation of, participation in, acquiescence in or consent to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding involving Seller, are duly authorized by unanimous vote of its Board of Directors (including the Independent Director); (H) maintain Seller's books and records separate from those of the Originator and CGSF and otherwise readily identifiable as its own assets rather than assets of the Originator or CGSF; (I) prepare its financial statements, if any, separately from those of the Originator and CGSF and ensure that any consolidated financial statements of the Originator, CGSF or any Affiliate thereof that include Seller and that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency have notes stating to the effect that Seller is a separate corporate entity and that its assets will be available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of Seller and of no other Person; (J) except as herein specifically otherwise provided, maintain the funds or other assets of Seller separate from, and not commingled with, those of the Originator or CGSF and only maintain bank accounts or other depository accounts to which the Seller alone is the account party, into which the Seller alone makes deposits and from which the Seller alone (or the Collateral Agent or Managing Agents hereunder) has the power to make withdrawals; (K) pay all of Seller's operating expenses, if any, from the Seller's own assets (except for certain payments by the Originator, CGSF or other Persons pursuant to allocation arrangements that comply with the requirements of this Section 7.1(i)); -------------- 18 (L) operate its business and activities such that: it does not engage in any business or activity of any kind, or enter into any transaction or indenture, mortgage, instrument, agreement, contract, lease or other undertaking, other than the transactions contemplated and authorized by this Agreement and the Receivables Sale Agreements; and does not create, incur, guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness or other liabilities, whether direct or contingent, other than (1) as a result of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, (2) the incurrence of obligations under this Agreement, (3) the incurrence of obligations, as expressly contemplated in the Receivables Sale Agreements, to make payment to CGSF for the purchase of Receivables from CGSF under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement, and (4) the incurrence of operating expenses in the ordinary course of business of the type otherwise contemplated by this Agreement; (M) maintain its corporate charter in conformity with this Agreement, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify its Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws in any respect that would impair its ability to comply with the terms or provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, Section 7.1(i) of -------------- this Agreement; (N) maintain the effectiveness of, and continue to perform under the Receivables Sale Agreements, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement, cancel, terminate or otherwise modify either Receivables Sale Agreement, or give any consent, waiver, directive or approval thereunder or waive any default, action, omission or breach under either Receivables Sale Agreement or otherwise grant any indulgence thereunder, without (in each case) the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent; (O) maintain its corporate separateness such that it does not merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions, and except as otherwise contemplated herein) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any Person, nor at any time create, have, acquire, maintain or hold any interest in any Subsidiary. (P) maintain at all times the Required Capital Amount and refrain from making any dividend, distribution, redemption of capital stock or payment of any subordinated indebtedness which would cause the Required Capital Amount to cease to be so maintained; and (Q) take such other actions as are necessary on its part to ensure that the facts and assumptions set forth in the opinion issued by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP as counsel for Seller, in connection with the closing or initial purchase under this Agreement and relating to substantive consolidation issues, and in the certificates accompanying such opinion, remain true and correct in all material respects at all times. 19 (j) Collections. Such Seller Party shall cause (1) all proceeds from ----------- all Lock-Boxes to be directly deposited by a Collection Bank into a Collection Account and (2) each Lock-Box and Collection Account to be, at all times following July 25, 1999, subject to a Collection Account Agreement that is in full force and effect. In the event any payments relating to Receivables are remitted directly to Seller or any Affiliate of Seller, Seller shall remit (or shall cause all such payments to be remitted) directly to a Collection Bank and deposited into a Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof and, at all times prior to such remittance, Seller shall itself hold or, if applicable, shall cause such payments to be held in trust for the exclusive benefit of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers. Seller shall maintain exclusive ownership, dominion and control (subject to the terms of this Agreement) of each Lock-Box and Collection Account and shall not grant the right to take dominion and control of any Lock-Box or Collection Account at a future time or upon the occurrence of a future event to any Person, except to the Collateral Agent as contemplated by this Agreement. (k) Taxes. Such Seller Party shall file all tax returns and reports ----- required by law to be filed by it and shall promptly pay all taxes and governmental charges at any time owing, except any such taxes which are not yet delinquent or are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles shall have been set aside on its books. (l) Corporate Ownership. The Seller shall remain a wholly-owned, ------------------- direct or indirect Subsidiary of McKesson and CGSF. (m) Year 2000. The Seller Parties' Year 2000 Plan will address the --------- Year 2000 Problem on a timely basis, but in no event later than September 30, 1999. Section 7.2 Negative Covenants of the Seller Parties. Until the date ---------------------------------------- on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly paid in full and this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, each Seller Party hereby covenants, as to itself, that: (a) Name Change, Offices and Records. Such Seller Party will not -------------------------------- change its name, identity or corporate structure (within the meaning of Section 9-402(7) of any applicable enactment of the UCC) or relocate its chief executive office or any office where Records are kept unless it shall have: (i) given the Collateral Agent prior written notice thereof and (ii) delivered to the Collateral Agent all financing statements, instruments and other documents requested by the Collateral Agent in connection with such change or relocation. (b) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors. Such Seller Party ------------------------------------------ will not add or terminate any bank as a Collection Bank, or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box or Collection Account, unless the Collateral Agent shall have received, at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor, (i) written notice of such addition, termination or change and (ii) with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box, an executed Collection Account Agreement with respect to the new Collection Account or Lock-Box; provided, however, that the Servicer may make changes in instructions to - -------- ------- Obligors regarding payments if 20 such new instructions require such Obligor to make payments to another existing Collection Account. (c) Modifications to Contracts and Credit and Collection Policy. Such ----------------------------------------------------------- Seller Party will not make any change to the Credit and Collection Policy that could adversely affect the collectibility of the Receivables or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Receivables. Except as provided in Section ------- 8.2(d), the Servicer will not, and will not extend, amend or otherwise modify - ------ the terms of any Receivable or any Contract related thereto other than in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. (d) Sales, Liens. Seller shall not sell, assign (by operation of law ------------ or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or grant any option with respect to, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including, without limitation, the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to, any Receivable, Related Security or Collections, or upon or with respect to any Contract under which any Receivable arises, or any Lock-Box or Collection Account, or assign any right to receive income with respect thereto (other than, in each case, the creation of the interests therein in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers provided for herein), and Seller shall defend the right, title and interest of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers in, to and under any of the foregoing property, against all claims of third parties claiming through or under Seller, CGSF or the Originator. Seller shall not create or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien, charge or other similar arrangement on any inventory the sale of which would give rise to a Receivable. (e) Net Receivables Balance. At no time prior to the Amortization ----------------------- Date shall Seller permit the Net Receivables Balance to be less than an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Aggregate Capital plus (ii) the Aggregate Reserves ---- for any period of time greater than one (1) Business Day. (f) Amortization Date Determination. Seller shall not designate an ------------------------------- Amortization Date (as defined in either Receivables Sale Agreement), or send any written notice to Originator or CGSF in respect thereof, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent, except with respect to the occurrence of such Amortization Date arising pursuant to Section 5.1(d) of either Receivables Sale Agreement. ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION Section 8.1 Designation of Servicer. (a) The servicing, ----------------------- administration and collection of the Receivables shall be conducted by such Person (the "Servicer") so designated from time to time in accordance with this -------- Section 8.1. McKesson is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the - ----------- duties and obligations of, the Servicer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Event, the Collateral 21 Agent may at any time designate as Servicer any Person to succeed McKesson or any successor Servicer. (b) Without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent and the Required Financial Institutions, McKesson shall not be permitted to delegate any of its duties or responsibilities as Servicer to any Person other than (i) Seller or another Affiliate of McKesson and (ii) with respect to certain Defaulted Receivables, outside collection agencies in accordance with its customary practices. Seller shall not be permitted to further delegate to any other Person any of the duties or responsibilities of the Servicer delegated to it by McKesson. If at any time after the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Collateral Agent shall designate as Servicer any Person other than McKesson or an Affiliate of McKesson, all duties and responsibilities theretofore delegated by McKesson or another Affiliate of McKesson to Seller may, at the discretion of the Collateral Agent, be terminated forthwith on notice given by the Collateral Agent to McKesson and to Seller. (c) So long as the Servicer is McKesson or an Affiliate of McKesson, (i) McKesson shall be and remain primarily liable to the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers for the full and prompt performance of all duties and responsibilities of the Servicer hereunder; (ii) the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall be entitled to deal exclusively with McKesson in matters relating to the discharge by the Servicer of its duties and responsibilities hereunder; and (iii) the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall not be required to give notice, demand or other communication to any Person other than McKesson in order for communication to the Servicer and its sub-servicer or other delegate with respect thereto to be accomplished. McKesson, at all times that it is the Servicer, shall be responsible for providing any sub-servicer or other delegate of the Servicer with any notice given to the Servicer under this Agreement. Section 8.2 Duties of Servicer. (a) The Servicer shall take or ------------------ cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to collect each Receivable from time to time, all in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, with reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. (b) The Servicer will instruct all Obligors to pay all Collections directly to a Lock-Box or Collection Account. The Servicer shall effect a Collection Account Agreement with each bank party to a Collection Account at any time after July 25, 1999. In the case of any remittances received in any Lock- Box or Collection Account that shall have been identified, to the satisfaction of the Servicer, to not constitute Collections or other proceeds of the Receivables or the Related Security, the Servicer shall promptly remit such items to the Person identified to it as being the owner of such remittances. From and after the date the Collateral Agent delivers to any Collection Bank a Collection Notice pursuant to Section 8.3, the Collateral Agent may request that ----------- the Servicer, and the Servicer thereupon promptly shall instruct all Obligors with respect to the Receivables, to remit all payments thereon to a new depositary account specified by the Collateral Agent and, at all times thereafter, Seller and the Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, and shall not permit any other Person to deposit or otherwise credit to such new depositary account any cash or payment item other than Collections. 22 (c) The Servicer shall administer the Collections in accordance with the procedures described herein and in Article II. The Servicer shall set aside ---------- and hold in trust for the account of Seller and the Purchasers their respective shares of the Collections of Receivables in accordance with Article II; ---------- provided, that nothing in this sentence shall require the Servicer to segregate - -------- Collections on a daily basis from its other funds. The Servicer shall, upon the request of the Collateral Agent after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Event, segregate, in a manner acceptable to the Collateral Agent, all cash, checks and other instruments received by it from time to time constituting Collections from the general funds of the Servicer or Seller prior to the remittance thereof in accordance with Article II. If the Servicer shall ---------- be required to segregate Collections pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Servicer shall segregate and deposit with a bank designated by the Collateral Agent such allocable share of Collections of Receivables set aside for the Purchasers on the first Business Day following receipt by the Servicer of such Collections, duly endorsed or with duly executed instruments of transfer. (d) The Servicer may, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, extend the maturity of any Receivable or adjust the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable as the Servicer determines to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof; provided, however, that such extension or adjustment shall -------- ------- not alter the status of such Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Collateral Agent shall have the absolute and unlimited right to direct the Servicer to commence or settle any legal action with respect to any Receivable or to foreclose upon or repossess any Related Security. (e) The Servicer shall hold in trust for Seller and the Purchasers all Records that (i) evidence or relate to the Receivables, the related Contracts and Related Security or (ii) are otherwise necessary or desirable to collect the Receivables and shall, as soon as practicable upon demand of the Collateral Agent after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Event deliver or make available to the Collateral Agent all such Records, at a place selected by the Collateral Agent. The Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following receipt thereof turn over to Seller any cash collections or other cash proceeds received with respect to Indebtedness not constituting Receivables. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Event, the Servicer shall, from time to time at the request of any Purchaser, furnish to the Purchasers (promptly after any such request) a calculation of the amounts set aside for the Purchasers pursuant to Article II. ---------- (f) Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to the Originator, CGSF or Seller shall, except as reasonably identified by the Servicer as not constituting a Collection, as otherwise specified by such Obligor, as otherwise required by contract or law or unless otherwise instructed by the Collateral Agent, be applied as a Collection of any Receivable of such Obligor (starting with the oldest such Receivable) to the extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor. Section 8.3 Collection Notices. The Collateral Agent is authorized ------------------ at any time after the occurrence of an Amortization Event to date and to deliver to the Collection Banks the 23 Collection Notices. Seller hereby transfers to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers, effective when the Collateral Agent delivers such notice, the exclusive ownership and control of each Lock-Box and the Collection Accounts. In case any authorized signatory of Seller whose signature appears on a Collection Account Agreement shall cease to have such authority before the delivery of such notice, such Collection Notice shall nevertheless be valid as if such authority had remained in force. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Event, Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent, and agrees that the Collateral Agent shall be entitled, to (i) endorse Seller's name on checks and other instruments representing Collections and (ii) take such action as shall be necessary or desirable to cause all cash, checks and other instruments constituting Collections of Receivables to come into the possession of the Collateral Agent rather than Seller. Following the Amortization Date, Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent, and agrees that the Collateral Agent shall be entitled, to enforce the Receivables, the related Contracts and the Related Security. Section 8.4 Responsibilities of Seller. Anything herein to the -------------------------- contrary notwithstanding, the exercise by the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers of their rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer, the Originator, CGSF or Seller from any of their duties or obligations with respect to any Receivables or under the related Contracts. The Purchasers shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any Receivables or related Contracts, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform the obligations of Seller. Section 8.5 Reports. The Servicer shall prepare and forward to each ------- Managing Agent (i) on the fifteenth (15th) day of each month and at such more frequent times as each Managing Agent shall request if an Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, a Monthly Report accompanied by, if the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent shall request, a listing by Obligor of all Receivables together with an aging of such Receivables. Section 8.6 Servicing Fees. In consideration of McKesson's -------------- agreement to act as Servicer hereunder, the Purchasers hereby agree that, so long as McKesson shall continue to perform as Servicer hereunder, the Seller shall pay over to McKesson on each Monthly Settlement Date a fee equal to (i) one percent (1%) of the average daily Net Receivables Balance during the preceding Collection Period, times (ii) 1/12, as compensation for its servicing activities. Section 8.7 Financial Covenant. The Servicer agrees that it will, ------------------ as of the end of each calendar month, maintain a ratio of Total Debt to Total Capitalization of not greater than 0.565 to 1.00. ARTICLE IX AMORTIZATION EVENTS Section 9.1 Amortization Events. The occurrence of any one or more ------------------- of the following events shall constitute an Amortization Event: (a) Any Seller Party shall fail (i) to make any payment or deposit required hereunder when due and, for any such payment or deposit which is not in respect of Capital, such 24 failure continues for one (1) day, or (ii) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement hereunder (other than as referred to in clause (i) of this ---------- paragraph (a)) and such failure shall continue for five (5) consecutive Business Days after the earlier of written notice from the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent or Purchaser or actual knowledge on the part of such Seller Party of such failure. (b) Any representation or warranty made by any Seller Party in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or in any other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made. (c) (i) Failure of Seller to pay any Indebtedness when due; (ii) failure of any other Seller Party to pay Indebtedness when due in excess of $25,000,000; or (iii) the default by any Seller Party in the performance of any term, provision or condition contained in any agreement under which any such Indebtedness was created or is governed, the effect of which is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness to cause, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; or any such Indebtedness of any Seller Party shall be declared to be due and payable or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled payment) prior to the date of maturity thereof. (d) (i) Any Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against any Seller Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee or other similar official for it or any substantial part of its property, and, with respect to a Seller Party or any of its Subsidiaries other than the Seller, such proceeding shall not be stayed, released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) days after commencement, filing or levy or (ii) any Seller Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth in clause (i) above in this subsection ---------- ---------- (d). - --- (e) The aggregate Purchaser Interests shall exceed 100% and shall continue as such until the earlier of (i) one Business Day following the date any Seller Party has actual knowledge thereof and (ii) the next Settlement Date. (f) As at the end of any calendar month, the Delinquency Ratio shall exceed 6.25%, or the Loss-to-Balance Ratio shall exceed 5.25%, or the Receivables Dilution Ratio shall exceed 6.75%. (g) A Change of Control shall occur with respect to any Seller Party. (h) One or more final judgments for the payment of money shall be entered against Seller or one or more final judgments for the payment of money in excess of $25,000,000 shall be entered against any other Seller Party on claims not covered by insurance or as to which 25 the insurance carrier has denied its responsibility, and such judgment shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for fifteen (15) consecutive days without a stay of execution. (i) (i) Any "Amortization Event" or the "Amortization Date" shall ------------------ ----------------- occur under either Receivables Sale Agreement, (ii) the Originator shall for any reason cease to transfer, or cease to have the legal capacity to transfer, or otherwise be incapable of transferring Receivables to CGSF under the Tier One Receivables Sale Agreement, or (iii) CGSF shall for any reason cease to transfer, or cease to have legal capacity to transfer, or otherwise be incapable of transferring Receivables to Seller under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement. (j) This Agreement shall terminate in whole or in part (except in accordance with its terms), or shall cease to be effective or to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Seller, or any Obligor on Receivables constituting a material portion of the Receivables shall directly or indirectly contest in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability, or the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers shall cease to have a valid and perfected first priority security interest in the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections with respect thereto and the Collection Accounts. Section 9.2 Remedies. (a) Upon the occurrence and during the -------- continuation of an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent may with the consent of, and shall, upon the direction of, either Managing Agent, take any of the following actions (with written notice to the Seller): (i) declare the Amortization Date to have occurred, whereupon the Amortization Date shall forthwith occur, without demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Seller Party; provided, however, that -------- ------- upon the occurrence of an Amortization Event described in Section 9.1(d), or of -------------- an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Seller Party under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, the Amortization Date shall automatically occur, without demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Seller Party and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, declare that the Default Fee shall accrue with respect to any of the Aggregate Unpaids outstanding at such time. (b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Trigger Event, the Collateral Agent may with the consent of, and shall, upon the direction of, either Managing Agent, take any of the following actions (with written notice to the Seller): (i) replace the Person then acting as Servicer and (ii) deliver the Collection Notices to the Collection Banks. (c) Upon the occurrence of the Amortization Date, the Collateral Agent may with the consent of, and shall, upon the direction of, either Managing Agent (with written notice to the Seller) notify Obligors of the Purchasers' interest in the Receivables. The aforementioned rights and remedies shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers available under this Agreement, by operation of law, at equity or otherwise, all of which are hereby expressly preserved, including, without limitation, all rights and remedies provided under the UCC, all of which rights shall be cumulative. 26 ARTICLE X INDEMNIFICATION Section 10.1 Indemnities by the Seller Parties. (a) Without limiting --------------------------------- any other rights that the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any Purchaser may have hereunder or under applicable law, (A) Seller hereby agrees to indemnify the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and each Purchaser and their respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each an "Indemnified Party") from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, ----------------- taxes, liabilities, costs, expenses and for all other amounts payable, including reasonable attorneys' fees (which attorneys may be employees of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or such Purchaser) and disbursements (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as "Indemnified Amounts") awarded ------------------- against or incurred by any of them arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or the acquisition, either directly or indirectly, by a Purchaser of an interest in the Receivables, and (B) the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Party for Indemnified Amounts awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of any breach by the Servicer of a representation, warranty, covenant or obligation made by the Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document excluding, however, in all of the foregoing instances under the preceding clauses (A) and (B): ----------- --- (i) Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Indemnified Amounts resulted from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification; (ii) Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes losses in respect of Receivables that are uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or financial inability to pay of the related Obligor; or (iii) taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which such Indemnified Party's principal executive office is located, on or measured by the overall net income of such Indemnified Party to the extent that the computation of such taxes is consistent with the characterization for income tax purposes of the acquisition by the Purchasers of Purchaser Interests as a loan or loans by the Purchasers to Seller secured by the Receivables, the Related Security, the Collection Accounts and the Collections; provided, however, that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the - -------- ------- liability of any Seller Party or limit the recourse of the Purchasers to any Seller Party for amounts otherwise specifically provided to be paid by such Seller Party under the terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing indemnification, Seller shall indemnify the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agent and the Purchasers for Indemnified Amounts (including, without limitation, losses in respect of uncollectible receivables, subject to clause (ii) in the preceding paragraph, ----------- but otherwise regardless of whether reimbursement therefor would constitute recourse to Seller or the Servicer) relating to or resulting from: 27 (i) any representation or warranty made by any Seller Party, CGSF or the Originator (or any officers of any such Person) under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other information or report delivered by any such Person pursuant hereto or thereto, which shall have been false or incorrect when made or deemed made; (ii) the failure by any Seller, the Servicer, CGSF or the Originator to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation with respect to any Receivable or Contract related thereto, or the nonconformity of any Receivable or Contract included therein with any such applicable law, rule or regulation or any failure of the Originator to keep or perform any of its obligations, express or implied, with respect to any Contract; (iii) any failure of Seller, the Servicer, CGSF or the Originator to perform its duties, covenants or other obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (iv) any products liability, personal injury, damage or similar claim arising out of or in connection with merchandise, insurance or services that are the subject of any Contract; (v) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable (including, without limitation, a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale of the merchandise or service related to such Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such merchandise or services; (vi) the commingling of Collections of Receivables at any time with other funds; (vii) any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to or arising from this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the transactions contemplated hereby, the use of the proceeds of a purchase, the ownership of the Purchaser Interests or any other investigation, litigation or proceeding relating to Seller, the Servicer, CGSF or the Originator in which any Indemnified Party becomes involved as a result of any of the transactions contemplated hereby; (viii) any inability to litigate any claim against any Obligor in respect of any Receivable as a result of such Obligor being immune from civil and commercial law and suit on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise from any legal action, suit or proceeding; (ix) any Amortization Event described in Section 9.1(d); -------------- (x) any failure of Seller to acquire and maintain legal and equitable title to, and ownership of any Receivable and the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto from CGSF and the Originator, free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than as created hereunder); or any failure of Seller to give reasonably equivalent value to CGSF 28 under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement or any failure of CGSF to give reasonably equivalent value to the Originator under the Tier One Receivables Sale Agreement in consideration of the transfer by CGSF or the Originator, respectively, of any Receivable, or any attempt by any Person to void such transfer under statutory provisions or common law or equitable action; (xi) any failure to vest and maintain vested in the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers, or to transfer to the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers, legal and equitable title to, and ownership of, a first priority undivided percentage ownership (to the extent of the Purchaser Interests contemplated hereunder) in the Receivables, the Related Security and the Collections, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; (xii) the failure to have filed, or any delay in filing, financing statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other applicable laws with respect to any Receivable, the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, and the proceeds of any thereof, whether at the time of any Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment or at any subsequent time; (xiii) any action or omission by any Seller Party which reduces or impairs the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers with respect to any Receivable or the value of any such Receivable; (xiv) any attempt by any Person to void any Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment hereunder under statutory provisions or common law or equitable action; and (xv) the Year 2000 Problem. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, solely for the purposes of determining Indemnified Amounts owing under this Section 10.01, any representation, warranty or covenant qualified by materiality - ------------- or the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect shall not be so qualified. Section 10.2 Increased Cost and Reduced Return. If after the date --------------------------------- hereof, any Funding Source shall be charged any fee, expense or increased cost on account of the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation (including any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy) or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency: (i) that subjects any Funding Source to any charge or withholding on or with respect to any Funding Agreement or a Funding Source's obligations under a Funding Agreement, or on or with respect to the Receivables, or changes the basis of taxation of payments to any Funding Source of any amounts payable under any Funding Agreement (except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of a Funding Source) or (ii) that imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, assessment, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, 29 deposits with or for the account of a Funding Source, or credit extended by a Funding Source pursuant to a Funding Agreement or (iii) that imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase the cost to a Funding Source of performing its obligations under a Funding Agreement, or to reduce the rate of return on a Funding Source's capital as a consequence of its obligations under a Funding Agreement, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by a Funding Source under a Funding Agreement or to require any payment calculated by reference to the amount of interests or loans held or interest received by it, then, within ten (10) days following demand therefor by the Collateral Agent or the relevant Managing Agent, Seller shall pay to the applicable Managing Agent, for the benefit of the relevant Funding Source, such amounts charged to such Funding Source or compensate such Funding Source for such reduction. Section 10.3 Other Costs and Expenses. Seller shall pay to the ------------------------ Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Conduits on demand all costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including without limitation, the cost of the Conduits' auditors auditing the books, records and procedures of Seller, reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel for the Conduits, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent (which such counsel may be employees of the Conduits, the Managing Agents or the Collateral Agent) with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Conduits, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement. Seller shall pay to the Collateral Agent or the relevant Managing Agent, within ten (10) days following demand therefor, any and all costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and the Purchasers, if any, including reasonable counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other documents delivered hereunder and in connection with any restructuring or workout of this Agreement or such documents, or the administration of this Agreement following an Amortization Event. ARTICLE XI THE AGENTS Section 11.1 Authorization and Action. Each Purchaser hereby ------------------------ designates and appoints First Chicago to act as its agent hereunder and under each other Transaction Document, and authorizes the Collateral Agent and its related Managing Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents shall be read into this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or otherwise exist for the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents. In performing their respective functions and duties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, (i) the Collateral Agent shall act solely as agent for the Purchasers, (ii) each 30 Managing Agent shall act solely as agent for the Conduits and Financial Institutions in the related Purchase Group and (iii) neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for any Seller Party or any of such Seller Party's successors or assigns. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be required to take any action that exposes the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents to personal liability or that is contrary to this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or applicable law. The appointment and authority of the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents hereunder shall terminate upon the indefeasible payment in full of all Aggregate Unpaids. Each Purchaser hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent, as applicable, to execute each of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, this Agreement and such other Transaction Documents as may require the Collateral Agent's or a Managing Agent's signature on behalf of such Purchaser (the terms of which shall be binding on such Purchaser). Section 11.2 Delegation of Duties. The Collateral Agent and the -------------------- Managing Agents may execute any of their respective duties under this Agreement and each other Transaction Document by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. Section 11.3 Exculpatory Provisions. None of the Collateral Agent, ---------------------- the Managing Agents or any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (except for its, their or such Person's own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Purchasers for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Seller Party contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received under or in connection with, this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith, or for any failure of any Seller Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder, or for the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article VI, or ---------- for the perfection, priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral pledged in connection herewith. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be under any obligation to any Purchaser to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements or covenants contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Seller Parties. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Managing Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event unless the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent, as applicable, has received notice from Seller or a Purchaser. Section 11.4 Reliance by Agents. The Collateral Agent and the ----------------- Managing Agents shall in all cases be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent 31 or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to Seller), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent. The Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Conduits or the Required Financial Institutions or all of the Purchasers, as applicable, as they deem appropriate and they shall first be indemnified to their satisfaction by the Purchasers, provided that unless and -------- until the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent shall have received such advice, the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent may take or refrain from taking any action, as the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent shall deem advisable and in the best interests of the Purchasers. The Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, in accordance with a request of the related Conduits or the Required Financial Institutions or all of the Purchasers, as applicable, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Purchasers. Section 11.5 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Purchasers. Each ------------------------------------------- Purchaser expressly acknowledges that none of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent hereafter taken, including, without limitation, any review of the affairs of any Seller Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Collateral Agent or such Managing Agent. Each Purchaser represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents that it has and will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, any Managing Agent or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of Seller and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and all other documents related hereto or thereto. Section 11.6 Reimbursement and Indemnification. The Financial --------------------------------- Institutions agree to reimburse and indemnify the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents ratably according to their Pro Rata Shares, to the extent not paid or reimbursed by the Seller Parties (i) for any amounts for which the Collateral Agent, acting in its capacity as Collateral Agent, or any Managing Agent, acting in its capacity as a Managing Agent, is entitled to reimbursement by the Seller Parties hereunder and (ii) for any other expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent, in its capacity as Collateral Agent, or any Managing Agent, acting in its capacity as a Managing Agent, and acting on behalf of the related Purchasers, in connection with the administration and enforcement of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Section 11.7 Agents in their Individual Capacities. The Collateral ------------------------------------- Agent, each Managing Agent and each of its respective Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with Seller or any Affiliate of Seller as though it were not the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent hereunder. With respect to the acquisition of Purchaser Interests pursuant to this Agreement, the Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent 32 shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement in its individual capacity as any Purchaser and may exercise the same as though it were not the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent, and the terms "Financial Institution," --------------------- "Purchaser," "Financial Institutions" and "Purchasers" shall include the --------- ---------------------- ---------- Collateral Agent and each Managing Agent in its individual capacity. Section 11.8 Successor Agent. The Collateral Agent and each --------------- Managing Agent may, upon five (5) days' notice to Seller and the Purchasers, and the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent will, upon the direction of all of the Purchasers (other than such Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, in its individual capacity, as applicable) resign as Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, as applicable. If the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent shall resign, then the Required Financial Institutions during such five-day period shall appoint from among the Purchasers a successor agent. If for any reason no successor agent is appointed by the Required Financial Institutions during such five-day period, then effective upon the termination of such five-day period, the Purchasers shall perform all of the duties of the Collateral Agent or the applicable Managing Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and Seller and the Servicer (as applicable) shall make all payments in respect of the Aggregate Unpaids directly to the applicable Purchasers and for all purposes shall deal directly with the Purchasers. After the effectiveness of any retiring Collateral Agent's or Managing Agent's resignation hereunder as Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, as applicable, the retiring Collateral Agent or Managing Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and the provisions of this Article XI ---------- and Article X shall continue in effect for its benefit with respect to any --------- actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Collateral Agent or Managing Agent under this Agreement and under the other Transaction Documents. ARTICLE XII ASSIGNMENTS; PARTICIPATIONS Section 12.1 Assignments. (a) Seller and each Financial ----------- Institution hereby agree and consent to the complete or partial assignment by each Conduit of all or any portion of its rights under, interest in, title to and obligations under this Agreement to the Financial Institutions pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement, and upon such assignment, such Conduit shall be released from its obligations so assigned. Further, Seller and each Financial Institution hereby agree that any assignee of the Conduits of this Agreement or all or any of the Purchaser Interests of the Conduits shall have all of the rights and benefits under this Agreement as if the term "Conduit" explicitly referred to ------- such party, and no such assignment shall in any way impair the rights and benefits of the Conduits hereunder. Neither the Seller nor the Servicer shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement. (b) Any Financial Institution may at any time and from time to time, subject to the confidentiality provisions of Section 14.5 hereof, assign to one ------------ or more Persons ("Purchasing Financial Institutions") all or any part of its --------------------------------- rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to an assignment agreement, substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit VII hereto (the "Assignment ----------- ---------- Agreement") executed by such Purchasing Financial Institution and - --------- 33 such selling Financial Institution. The consent of the Conduits in such Financial Institution's Purchase Group shall be required prior to the effectiveness of any such assignment. The selling Financial Institution will consult with the Seller regarding the suitability of the Purchasing Financial Institution prior to the effectiveness of any assignment pursuant to this Section 12.1(b) and, so long as the Seller's response is not unreasonably - --------------- withheld or delayed, such Financial Institution will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate the Seller's preferences and, if the Seller timely solicits a commitment from an eligible assignee on terms that are not disadvantageous to the assigning Financial Institution, such Financial Institution will accommodate the Seller's request. Each assignee of a Financial Institution must have a short-term debt rating of A-1 or better by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and P-1 by Moody's Investor Service, Inc. and must agree to deliver to the Collateral Agent, promptly following any request therefor by the Collateral Agent or the affected Conduits, an enforceability opinion in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and such Conduits. Upon delivery of the executed Assignment Agreement to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Seller), such selling Financial Institution shall be released from its obligations hereunder to the extent of such assignment. Thereafter the Purchasing Financial Institution shall for all purposes be a Financial Institution party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Financial Institution under this Agreement to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto and no further consent or action by Seller, the Purchasers or the Collateral Agent shall be required. (c) Each of the Financial Institutions agrees that in the event that it shall cease to have a short-term debt rating of A-1 or better by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and P-1 by Moody's Investor Service, Inc. (an "Affected -------- Financial Institution"), such Affected Financial Institution shall be obliged, - --------------------- at the request of the Conduits in such Financial Institution's Purchase Group or the applicable Managing Agent, to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to (x) another Financial Institution or (y) another funding entity nominated by such Managing Agent and acceptable to the affected Conduits, and willing to participate in this Agreement through the Liquidity Termination Date in the place of such Affected Financial Institution; provided that the Affected -------- Financial Institution receives payment in full, pursuant to an Assignment Agreement, of an amount equal to such Financial Institution's Pro Rata Share of the Capital and Yield owing to the Financial Institutions and all accrued but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser Interests of the Financial Institutions. Section 12.2 Participations. Any Financial Institution may, in the -------------- ordinary course of its business at any time, subject to the confidentiality provisions of Section 14.5 hereof, sell to one or more Persons (each a ------------ "Participant") participating interests in its Pro Rata Share of the Purchaser ----------- Interests of the Financial Institutions, its obligation to pay the applicable Conduits its Acquisition Amounts or any other interest of such Financial Institution hereunder. The selling Financial Institution will consult with the Seller regarding the suitability of each Participant prior to the effectiveness of any participation pursuant to this Section 12.2 and, so long as the Seller's ------------ response is not unreasonably withheld or delayed, such Financial Institution will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate the Seller's preferences, and, if the Seller timely solicits a commitment from an eligible Participant on terms that are not disadvantageous to the selling Financial Institution, such Financial Institution will accommodate the Seller's request. Notwithstanding any such sale by a Financial Institution of a participating 34 interest to a Participant, such Financial Institution's rights and obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Financial Institution shall remain solely responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and Seller, the Conduits, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Financial Institution in connection with such Financial Institution's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Each Financial Institution agrees that any agreement between such Financial Institution and any such Participant in respect of such participating interest shall not restrict such Financial Institution's right to agree to any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification to this Agreement, except for any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification described in Section 14.1(b)(i). ------------------ Section 12.3 Pro Rata Syndication. Notwithstanding the provisions -------------------- of Sections 12.1(b) and 12.2 above, until such time as one of the Managing --------------- ---- Agents has syndicated $100,000,000 of the aggregate Commitments of the Financial Institutions in its respective Purchaser Group or Purchaser Groups, as applicable (the "Initial Syndication Completion Date"), the Seller and the ----------------------------------- Managing Agents agree that each amount assigned pursuant to Section 12.1(b) or --------------- participated pursuant to Section 12.2 shall be allocated to the Managing Agents ------------ in accordance with their applicable Managing Agent Percentages; provided, -------- however, that no such allocation shall occur with respect to any assignment - ------- described in Section 12.1(c) above; provided, further, that after the Initial --------------- -------- ------- Syndication Completion Date, each Financial Institution shall be permitted to make assignments and sell participations in accordance with the provisions of Sections 12.1(b) and 12.2 above without regard to the requirements in this - ---------------- ---- Section 12.3. - ------------ ARTICLE XIII [RESERVED] ARTICLE XIV MISCELLANEOUS Section 14.1 Waivers and Amendments. (a) No failure or delay on ---------------------- the part of the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents or any Purchaser in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. Any waiver of this Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. (b) No provision of this Agreement may be amended, supplemented, modified or waived except in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.1(b). The Conduits, Seller, the Servicer, the Managing Agents and - --------------- the Collateral Agent, at the direction of the Required Financial Institutions, may enter into written modifications or waivers of any provisions of this Agreement, provided, however, that no such modification or waiver shall: -------- ------- (i) without the consent of each affected Purchaser, (A) extend the Liquidity Termination Date or the date of any payment or deposit of Collections by Seller or the 35 Servicer, (B) reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Yield (or any component thereof), (C) reduce any fee payable to the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents for the benefit of the Purchasers, (D) except pursuant to Article XII hereof, change the amount of the Capital of any ----------- Purchaser, any Financial Institution's Pro Rata Share (except as may be required pursuant to a Conduit's Liquidity Agreement) or any Financial Institution's Commitment, (E) amend, modify or waive any provision of the definition of Required Financial Institutions or this Section 14.1(b), (F) --------------- consent to or permit the assignment or transfer by Seller of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, (G) change the definition of "Concentration Limit," "Defaulted Receivables," "Default Proxy Ratio," ------------------- --------------------- ------------------- "Delinquency Ratio," "Delinquent Receivable," "Discount and Servicing Fee ----------------- --------------------- -------------------------- Reserve," "Dilution Horizon Ratio," "Dilution Reserve," "Dilution Reserve ------- ---------------------- ---------------- ---------------- Ratio," "Dilution Ratio," "Eligible Receivable," "Loss Horizon Ratio," ----- -------------- ------------------- ------------------ "Loss Reserve," "Loss Reserve Ratio," "Loss-to-Balance Ratio," or ------------ ------------------ --------------------- "Receivables Dilution Ratio"or (H) amend or modify any defined term (or any -------------------------- defined term used directly or indirectly in such defined term) used in clauses (A) through (G) above in a manner that would circumvent the ----------- --- intention of the restrictions set forth in such clauses; or (ii) without the written consent of any then Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, amend, modify or waive any provision of this Agreement if the effect thereof is to affect the rights or duties of such Collateral Agent or Managing Agent, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) without the consent of the Financial Institutions, the Collateral Agent may, with the consent of Seller, amend this Agreement solely to add additional Persons as Financial Institutions hereunder and (ii) the Collateral Agent, the Required Financial Institutions and the Conduits may enter into amendments to modify any of the terms or provisions of Article XI, Article XII and Section 14.13 or any other provision of this - ---------- ----------- ------------- Agreement without the consent of Seller, provided that such amendment has no negative impact upon Seller. Any modification or waiver made in accordance with this Section 14.1 shall apply to each of the Purchasers equally and shall be ------------ binding upon Seller, the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent. Section 14.2 Notices. Except as provided below, all communications ------- and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telecopy or electronic facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to the other parties hereto at their respective addresses or telecopy numbers set forth on the signature pages hereof or at such other address or telecopy number as such Person may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to each of the other parties hereto. Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopy, upon the receipt thereof, (ii) if given by mail, three (3) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (iii) if given by any other means, when received at the address specified in this Section 14.2. ------------ Seller hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to effect purchases and Tranche Period and Discount Rate selections based on telephonic notices made by any Person whom the Collateral Agent in good faith believes to be acting on behalf of Seller. Seller agrees to deliver promptly to the Collateral Agent a written confirmation of each telephonic notice signed by an authorized officer of Seller; however, the absence of such confirmation shall not affect the validity of such notice. If the written confirmation differs from the action taken by the Collateral Agent, the records of the Collateral Agent shall govern absent manifest error. 36 Section 14.3 Ratable Payments. If any Purchaser, whether by setoff ---------------- or otherwise, has payment made to it with respect to any portion of the Aggregate Unpaids owing to such Purchaser (other than payments received pursuant to Section 10.2 or 10.3) in a greater proportion than that received by any other ------------ ---- Purchaser entitled to receive a ratable share of such Aggregate Unpaids, such Purchaser agrees, promptly upon demand, to purchase for cash without recourse or warranty a portion of such Aggregate Unpaids held by the other Purchasers so that after such purchase each Purchaser will hold its ratable proportion of such Aggregate Unpaids; provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Purchaser, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Section 14.4 Protection of Ownership Interests of the Purchasers. --------------------------------------------------- (a) Seller agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all instruments and documents, and take all actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Purchaser Interests, or to enable the Collateral Agent or the Purchasers to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder. At any time following the occurrence of the Amortization Date resulting from an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent may, or the Collateral Agent may direct Seller or the Servicer to, notify the Obligors of Receivables, at Seller's expense, of the ownership interests of the Purchasers under this Agreement and after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Trigger Event, may also direct that payments of all amounts due or that become due under any or all Receivables be made directly to the Collateral Agent or its designee. Seller or the Servicer (as applicable) shall, at any Purchaser's request, withhold the identity of such Purchaser in any such notification. (b) If any Seller Party fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, the Collateral Agent or any Purchaser may (but shall not be required to) perform, or cause performance of, such obligation, and the Collateral Agent's or such Purchaser's costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Seller as provided in Section 10.3. Each Seller Party ------------ irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of the Collateral Agent, and appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact, to act on behalf of such Seller Party (i) to execute on behalf of Seller as debtor and to file financing statements necessary or desirable in the Collateral Agent's sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interest of the Purchasers in the Receivables and (ii) to file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement with respect to the Receivables as a financing statement in such offices as the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interests of the Purchasers in the Receivables. This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. Section 14.5 Confidentiality. (a) Each Seller Party and each --------------- Purchaser shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees and officers to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and the other confidential proprietary information with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agent and the Conduits and their respective businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring, negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein, except that such Seller Party and such Purchaser and its officers and 37 employees may disclose such information to such Seller Party's and such Purchaser's external accountants and attorneys and as required pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law). (b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Seller Party hereby consents to the disclosure of any nonpublic information with respect to it (i) to the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents, the Financial Institutions or the Conduits by each other, (ii) by the Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents, or the Purchasers to any prospective or actual assignee or participant of any of them or (iii) by the Collateral Agent or the Managing Agents to any rating agency, Commercial Paper dealer or provider of a surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to the Conduits or any entity organized for the purpose of purchasing, or making loans secured by, financial assets for which First Chicago or Wachovia acts as the collateral agent and to any officers, directors, employees, outside accountants and attorneys of any of the foregoing, provided each such Person is informed of the confidential nature -------- of such information and (with the exception of any rating agency described in clause (iii) above) has agreed to keep such information confidential. In - ------------ addition, the Purchasers, and the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents may disclose any such nonpublic information pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law). Section 14.6 Bankruptcy Petition. Each of Seller, the Servicer, the ------------------- Collateral Agent, the Managing Agents and each Financial Institution hereby covenants and agrees that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior Indebtedness of a Conduit, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such Conduit, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States. Section 14.7 Limitation of Liability. Except with respect to any ----------------------- claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Conduits, the Managing Agents, the Collateral Agent, or any Financial Institution, no claim may be made by any Seller Party or any other Person against any Conduit, the Collateral Agent or any Financial Institution or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each Seller Party hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. Section 14.8 CHOICE OF LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND ------------- CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS (AND NOT THE LAW OF CONFLICTS) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION OF THE PURCHASERS' SECURITY INTEREST IN THE PURCHASER INTERESTS IS GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF ANOTHER STATE, AS REQUIRED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 38 Section 14.9 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH SELLER PARTY HEREBY ----------------------- IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH PERSON PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OF SELLER PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE COLLATERAL AGENT, THE MANAGING AGENTS OR ANY PURCHASER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY SELLER PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO REALIZE ON THE INTERESTS OF THE PURCHASERS AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT IN ANY RECEIVABLES, RELATED SECURITY OR PROCEEDS THEREOF. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY ANY SELLER PARTY AGAINST THE COLLATERAL AGENT, ANY MANAGING AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY SUCH PARTIES INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH SELLER PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK. Section 14.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES -------------------- TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY THE SELLER PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. Section 14.11 Integration; Binding Effect; Survival of Terms. ---------------------------------------------- (a) This Agreement and each other Transaction Document contain the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof superseding all prior oral or written understandings. (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (including any trustee in bankruptcy). This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms and shall remain in full force and effect until terminated in accordance with its terms; provided, however, that the rights and remedies with -------- ------- respect to (i) any breach of any representation and warranty made by any Seller Party pursuant to Article V, (ii) the indemnification and payment provisions of --------- Article X, and Sections 14.5 and 14.6 shall be continuing and shall survive any - --------- ------------- ---- termination of this Agreement. 39 Section 14.12 Counterparts; Severability; Section References. This ---------------------------------------------- Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all references herein to "Article," "Section," "Schedule" or "Exhibit" shall mean articles and sections of, and schedules and exhibits to, this Agreement. Section 14.13 Managing Agent Roles. (a) First Chicago Roles. Each -------------------- ------------------- of the Financial Institutions acknowledges that First Chicago acts, or may in the future act, (i) as collateral agent for the Conduits, (ii) as Managing Agent for PREFCO and Falcon, (iii) as issuing and paying agent for PREFCO's and Falcon's Commercial Paper, (iv) to provide credit or liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for the Commercial Paper and (v) to provide other services from time to time for some or all of the Conduits (collectively, the "First ----- Chicago Roles"). Without limiting the generality of this Section 14.13(a), each - ------------- ---------------- Financial Institution hereby acknowledges and consents to any and all First Chicago Roles and agrees that in connection with any First Chicago Role, First Chicago may take, or refrain from taking, any action that it, in its discretion, deems appropriate, including, without limitation, in its role as collateral agent and Managing Agent for the related Conduits, and the giving of notice to the Collateral Agent or Managing Agent of a mandatory purchase pursuant its Liquidity Agreement. (b) Wachovia Roles. Each of the Financial Institutions acknowledges that -------------- Wachovia acts, or may in the future act, (i) as Managing Agent for Blue Ridge, (ii) as issuing and paying agent for Blue Ridge's Commercial Paper, (iii) to provide credit or liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for the Commercial Paper and (iv) to provide other services from time to time for some or all of the Conduits (collectively, the "Wachovia Roles"). Without limiting -------------- the generality of this Section 14.13(b), each Financial Institution hereby ---------------- acknowledges and consents to any and all Wachovia Roles and agrees that in connection with any Wachovia Role, Wachovia may take, or refrain from taking, any action that it, in its discretion, deems appropriate, including, without limitation, in its role as Managing Agent for the related Conduits, and the giving of notice to the Collateral Agent or Managing Agent of a mandatory purchase pursuant to its liquidity back-stop program. Section 14.14 Characterization. (a) It is the intention of the ---------------- parties hereto that each purchase hereunder shall constitute and be treated as an absolute and irrevocable sale, which purchase shall provide the applicable Purchaser with the full benefits of ownership of the applicable Purchaser Interest. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, each sale of a Purchaser Interest hereunder is made without recourse to Seller; provided, -------- however, that (i) Seller shall be liable to each Purchaser and the Collateral - ------- Agent for all representations, warranties and covenants made by Seller pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) such sale does not constitute and is not intended to result in an assumption by any Purchaser or the Collateral Agent or any assignee thereof of any obligation of Seller, CGSF or the Originator or 40 any other person arising in connection with the Receivables, the Related Security, or the related Contracts, or any other obligations of Seller, CGSF or the Originator. (b) The Seller hereby grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers a valid and perfected security interest in all of Seller's right, title and interest in, to and under all Receivables now existing or hereafter arising, the Collections, each Collection Account, all Related Security, all other rights and payments relating to such Receivables, all of Seller's rights under the Receivables Sale Agreements and all proceeds of any thereof to secure the prompt and complete payment of the Aggregate Unpaids. After an Amortization Event, the Collateral Agent and the Purchasers shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies that they may have under this Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided to a secured creditor after default under the UCC and other applicable law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 41 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: One Post Street San Francisco, California 94104 Fax: McKESSON HBOC, INC., as the Servicer By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: One Post Street San Francisco, California 94104 Fax: PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory Address: c/o The First National Bank of Chicago, as Managing Agent Asset Backed Finance Suite 0079, 1-19 One First National Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670-0019 Fax: (312) 732-1844 FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ 42 Authorized Signatory Address: c/o The First National Bank of Chicago, as Managing Agent Asset Backed Finance Suite 0079, 1-19 One First National Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670-0019 Fax: (312) 732-1844 BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Attorney-In-Fact By:__________________________________ Name: Victoria A. Dudley Title: Senior Vice President Address: 191 Peachtree Street, NE Atlanta, Georgia 30303 Fax: (404) 332-5152 THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO, as a Committed Purchaser for PREFCO and Falcon, a Financial Institution, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: The First National Bank of Chicago Asset Backed Finance Suite 0596, 1-21 One First National Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670-0596 Fax: (312) 732-4487 WACHOVIA BANK, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser for Blue Ridge, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent 43 By:__________________________________ Name: Kevin McConnell Title: Senior Vice President Address: 191 Peachtree Street, NE Atlanta, Georgia 30303 Fax: (404) 332-5152 44 EXHIBIT I DEFINITIONS As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): "Accrual Period" means each calendar month, provided that the initial -------------- Accrual Period hereunder means the period from (and including) the date of the initial purchase hereunder to (and including) the last day of the calendar month thereafter. "Adjusted Pro Rata Share" means, for each Committed Purchaser, the ----------------------- Commitment of such Committed Purchaser within a given Purchase Group divided by ---------- the sum of the Commitments of each Committed Purchaser in such Purchase Group, adjusted as necessary to give effect to any assignments pursuant to Article XII. ----------- "Adverse Claim" means a lien, security interest, charge or ------------- encumbrance, or other right or claim in, of or on any Person's assets or properties in favor of any other Person. "Affected Financial Institution" has the meaning specified in Section ------------------------------ 12.1(c). "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person --------- directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 10% or more of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise. "Collateral Agent" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this ---------------- Agreement. "Aggregate Capital" means, at any time, the sum of all Capital of all ------------------ Purchaser Interests. "Aggregate Reduction" has the meaning specified in Section 1.3. ------------------- ----------- "Aggregate Reserves" means, on any date of determination, the sum of ------------------ the Loss Reserve, the Discount and Servicer Fee Reserve and the Dilution Reserve. "Aggregate Unpaids" means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of ----------------- all Capital and all other unpaid Obligations (whether due or accrued) at such time. "Agreement" means this Receivables Purchase Agreement, as it may be --------- amended or modified and in effect from time to time. 45 "Alternate Base Rate" means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to ------------------- the higher as of such day of (i) the Prime Rate or (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50%) per annum above the Federal Funds Effective Rate. For purposes of determining the Alternate Base Rate for any day, changes in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the date of each such change. The Alternate Base Rate is not necessarily intended to be the lowest rate of interest determined by Wachovia in connection with extensions of credit. "Amortization Date" means the earliest to occur of (i) the day on ----------------- which any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 are not ----------- satisfied, (ii) the Business Day immediately prior to the occurrence of an Amortization Event set forth in Section 9.1(d), (iii) the Business Day specified -------------- in a written notice from the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 9.2 following ----------- the occurrence of any other Amortization Event, and (iv) the date which is sixty (60) Business Days after the Collateral Agent's receipt of written notice from Seller that it wishes to terminate the facility evidenced by this Agreement. "Amortization Event" has the meaning specified in Article IX. ------------------ ---------- "Applicable Margin" means, on any date and with respect to each ----------------- funding made at the LIBO Rate (subject to clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of "Applicable Rating Level"), the applicable margin set forth below based on the Applicable Rating Level on such date: Applicable Applicable Margin Rating Level (in basis points) ------------ ----------------- Level I 18.0 Level II 22.0 Level III 23.5 Level IV 26.5 Level V 30.0 Level VI 47.5 "Applicable Rating Level" means and shall be determined by the ratings ----------------------- issued from time to time by S&P and Moody's (or S&P or Moody's, if ratings shall be available from only one of such Rating Agencies) in respect of McKesson's long-term, senior unsecured debt in accordance with the following: Rating Level S&P Moody's ------------ --- ------- Level I A or more A2 or more favorable favorable Level II A- A3 Level III BBB+ Baa1 Level IV BBB Baa2 Level V BBB- Baa3 Level VI BB+ or less Ba1 or less 46 or not rated or not rated For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if ratings are available from both S&P and Moody's, and the ratings available from such Rating Agencies do not correspond to the same rating level on the chart above, then (1) if such rating levels differ by only one level on the chart above, then the Applicable Rating Level shall correspond to the higher of the two ratings, and (2) if such rating levels differ by more than one level on the chart above, then the Applicable Rating Level shall correspond to that rating which is one rating higher than the lower of the two ratings; (b) if determinative ratings shall change (other than as a result of a change in the ratings systems used by any applicable Rating Agency), such that a change in the Applicable Rating Level would result, such change shall effect a change in the Applicable Rating Level as of the day on which the Managing Agents receive notice of such change (such day, a "Change Day"), and ---------- any change in the Applicable Margin shall take effect commencing on such Change Day and ending on the date immediately preceding the next Change Day; (c) if the rating system of any of the Rating Agencies shall change prior to the date all obligations hereunder have been paid and the Commitments cancelled, McKesson and the Managing Agents shall negotiate in good faith to amend the references to specific ratings in this definition to reflect such changed rating system, and pending such amendment, if no Applicable Rating Level is otherwise determinable based upon the foregoing, the most recent Applicable Rating Level in effect shall apply; (d) if McKesson shall fail to give notice to the Managing Agents of any decrease in rating by any Rating Agency in respect of the Company's long- term, senior unsecured debt on the date required by Section 7.1(b)(vi), the ------------------ Applicable Rating Level shall be deemed to be Level VI for the period from the date such notice was required to be delivered to the dates such notice is received by the Managing Agents; and (e) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Amortization Event, the Applicable Rating Level shall be deemed to be Level VI plus any Default Fee required pursuant to this Agreement. ---- "Assignment Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(b). -------------------- -------------- "Authorized Officer" shall mean, with respect to any Seller Party, its ------------------ respective corporate controller, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president- finance or chief financial officer. "Base Rate" means (a) with respect to PREFCO and its Financial --------- Institutions and Falcon and its Committed Purchasers, a rate per annum equal to the corporate base rate, prime rate or base rate of interest, as applicable, announced by the Reference Bank from time to time, changing when and as such rate changes and (b) with respect to Blue Ridge and its Committed Purchasers, the Alternate Base Rate. "Blue Ridge" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this ---------- Agreement. "Broken Funding Costs" means for any Purchaser Interest which: (i) has -------------------- its Capital reduced without compliance by the Seller with the notice requirements hereunder or (ii) does not become subject to an Aggregate Reduction following the delivery of any Reduction Notice or (iii) is assigned under Article XIII or terminated prior to the date on which it was originally - ------------ scheduled to end; an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (A) Yield that would have 47 accrued during the remainder of the Tranche Periods determined by the Collateral Agent or the applicable Managing Agent to relate to such Purchaser Interest (as applicable) subsequent to the date of such reduction or termination (or in respect of clause (ii) above, the date such Aggregate Reduction was designated to occur pursuant to the Reduction Notice) of the Capital of such Purchaser Interest if such reduction, assignment or termination had not occurred or such Reduction Notice had not been delivered, over (B) the sum of (x) to the extent all or a portion of such Capital is allocated to another Purchaser Interest, the amount of Yield actually accrued during the remainder of such period on such Capital for the new Purchaser Interest, and (y) to the extent such Capital is not allocated to another Purchaser Interest, the income, if any, actually received during the remainder of such period by the holder of such Purchaser Interest from investing the portion of such Capital not so allocated. All Broken Funding Costs shall be due and payable hereunder upon demand. "Business Day" means any day on which banks are not authorized or ------------ required to close in New York, New York, Atlanta, Georgia, San Francisco, California or Chicago, Illinois and The Depository Trust Company of New York is open for business, and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any computation or payment to be made with respect to the LIBO Rate, any day on which dealings in dollar deposits are carried on in the London interbank market. "Capital" of any Purchaser Interest means, at any time, (A) the ------- Purchase Price of such Purchaser Interest, minus (B) the sum of the aggregate ----- amount of Collections and other payments received by the Collateral Agent which in each case has been applied to reduce such Capital in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided that such Capital shall be restored (in accordance with Section 2.5) in the amount of any Collections or ----------- other payments so received and applied if at any time the distribution of such Collections or payments are rescinded, returned or refunded for any reason. "CGSF" means California Golden State Finance Company, a California ---- corporation. "Change of Control" means, (i) with respect to McKesson, the ----------------- acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 51% or more of the outstanding shares of voting stock of McKesson and (ii) with respect the Seller or CGSF, McKesson's failure to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the applicable entity. "Collection Account" means each concentration account, depositary ------------------ account, lock-box account or similar account in which any Collections are collected or deposited and which is listed on Exhibit IV. ---------- "Collection Account Agreement" means an agreement substantially in the ---------------------------- form of Exhibit VI ,or such other agreement in form and substance acceptable to ---------- the Collateral Agent, among the Originator, Seller, the Collateral Agent and a Collection Bank. 48 "Collection Bank" means, at any time, any of the banks holding one or --------------- more Collection Accounts. "Collection Notice" means a notice, in substantially the form of Annex ----------------- ----- A to Exhibit VI, from the Collateral Agent to a Collection Bank. - - ---------- "Collection Period" means each calendar month. ----------------- "Collections" means, with respect to any Receivable, all cash ----------- collections and other cash proceeds in respect of such Receivable, including, without limitation, all yield, finance charges or other related amounts accruing in respect thereof and all cash proceeds of Related Security with respect to such Receivable. "Commercial Paper" means promissory notes of any Conduit issued by ---------------- such Conduit in the commercial paper market. "Committed Purchaser" has the meaning set forth in the Preliminary ------------------- Statements to this Agreement. "Commitment" means, for each Financial Institution, the commitment of ---------- such Financial Institution to purchase its Pro Rata Share of Purchaser Interests from (i) Seller and (ii) the Conduits, such Pro Rata Share not to exceed, in the aggregate, the amount set forth opposite such Financial Institution's name on Schedule A to this Agreement, as such amount may be modified in accordance with - ---------- the terms hereof. "Concentration Limit" means, at any time, for any Obligor, the maximum ------------------- amount of Receivables owned by the Seller which may be owing from such Obligor, which at any time shall be equal to such Obligor's Standard Concentration Limit or Special Concentration Limit, as applicable by definition to such Obligor; provided, that in the case of an Obligor and any Affiliate of such Obligor, the - -------- Concentration Limit shall be calculated as if such Obligor and such Affiliate are one Obligor. "Conduit" means PREFCO, Falcon or Blue Ridge, as appropriate. ------- "Conduit Percentage" means, (a) with respect to PREFCO, a fraction ------------------ (expressed as a percentage) equal to 1/3, (b) with respect to Falcon, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 1/3 and (c) with respect to Blue Ridge, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 1/3, as the same may be adjusted to give effect to any assignments from one Conduit to another Conduit. "Contingent Obligation" of a Person means any agreement, undertaking --------------------- or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the obligation or liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including, without limitation, any comfort letter, operating agreement, take-or-pay contract or application for a letter of credit. 49 "Contract" means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all -------- instruments, agreements, invoices or other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or which evidences such Receivable. "CP Rate" means, with respect to any Conduit for any CP Tranche ------- Period, the rate equivalent to the rate (or if more than one rate, the weighted average of the rates) at which Commercial Paper issued by such Conduit having a term equal to such CP Tranche Period are sold by plus any and all applicable ---- issuing and paying agent fees and commissions of placement agents and commercial paper dealers in respect of such Commercial Paper and other costs associated with funding small or odd-lot amounts; provided, however, that if the rate (or -------- ------- rates) as agreed between any such agent or dealer and the applicable Conduit is a discount rate (or rates), the "CP Rate" for such Conduit for such CP Tranche Period shall be the rate (or if more than one rate, the weighted average of the rates) resulting from the relevant Managing Agent's converting such discount rate (or rates) to an interest-bearing equivalent rate per annum. "CP Tranche Period" means a period of not less than one (1) nor more ----------------- than ninety (90) days, commencing on a Business Day requested by the Seller and agreed to by the applicable Managing Agent pursuant to Section 1.2. ----------- "Credit and Collection Policy" means Seller's credit and collection ---------------------------- policies and practices relating to Contracts and Receivables existing on the date hereof and summarized in Exhibit VIII hereto, as modified from time to time ------------ in accordance with this Agreement. "Deemed Collections" means the aggregate of all amounts Seller shall ------------------ have been deemed to have received as a Collection of a Receivable. Seller shall be deemed to have received a Collection in full of a Receivable if at any time (i) the Outstanding Balance of any such Receivable is either (x) reduced as a result of any defective or rejected goods or services, any discount or any adjustment or otherwise by Seller (other than cash Collections on account of the Receivables) or (y) reduced or canceled as a result of a setoff in respect of any claim by any Person (whether such claim arises out of the same or a related transaction or an unrelated transaction) or (ii) any of the representations or warranties in Article V are no longer true with respect to such Receivable. --------- "Defaulted Receivable" means a Receivable: (i) as to which the Obligor -------------------- thereof has taken any action, or suffered any event to occur, of the type described in Section 9.1(d) (as if references to Seller Party therein refer to -------------- such Obligor); (ii) as to which the Obligor thereof, if a natural person, is deceased, (iii) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, would be written off Seller's books as uncollectible, (iv) which has been identified by Seller as uncollectible in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy or (v) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for ninety (90) days or more from the original due date for such payment. "Default Fee" means with respect to any amount due and payable by ----------- Seller in respect of any Aggregate Unpaids, an amount equal to the greater of (i) $1000 and (ii) interest on any such unpaid Aggregate Unpaids at a rate per annum equal to 2% above the Base Rate. 50 "Default Proxy Ratio" means, for any Collection Period, a fraction ------------------- (calculated as a percentage) equal to (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (without duplication) which remain unpaid for more than sixty (60) but less than ninety (90) or more days from the original due date at any time during the Collection Period then ending plus the aggregate Outstanding ---- Balance of all Receivables (without duplication) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, were or should have been written off the Seller's books as uncollectible and are less than ninety (90) days old during such period, divided by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables ---------- generated during the Collection Period which ended three (3) Collection Periods prior to such last day. "Delinquency Ratio" means, as of the last day of any Collection ----------------- Period, a fraction (calculated as a percentage) equal to (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables that were Delinquent Receivables at such time and as of the last day of the two (2) preceding Collection Periods by (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of each of such three (3) Collection Periods. "Delinquent Receivable" means a Receivable as to which any payment, or --------------------- part thereof, remains unpaid for sixty (60) days or more from the original due date for such payment. "Designated Obligor" means an Obligor indicated by the Collateral ------------------ Agent to Seller in writing. "Dilution Horizon Ratio" means, as of any date as set forth in the ---------------------- most recent Monthly Report, a ratio computed by dividing (i) the aggregate of all Receivables generated during the most recently ended Collection Period by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of total Eligible Receivables as at the last day of the most recently ended Collection Period. "Dilution Ratio" means, for any Collection Period, the ratio -------------- (expressed as a percentage) computed as of the last day of such Collection Period by dividing (i) an amount equal to the aggregate reductions in the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable as a result of any Dilutions during such Collection Period by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables generated during such Collection Period. "Dilution Reserve" means, on any date, an amount equal to (x) the ---------------- greater of (i) 3% and (ii) the Dilution Reserve Ratio then in effect times (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables (net of Earned Discounts and quarterly volume rebates) as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day. "Dilution Reserve Ratio" means, as of any date, an amount calculated ---------------------- as follows: DRR = [(2.0 x ADR) + [(HDR-ADR) x (HDR/ADR)]] x DHR where: DRR = the Dilution Reserve Ratio; 51 ADR = the average of the Dilution Ratios for the past twelve Collection Periods; HDR = the highest average of the Dilution Ratios for any three consecutive Collection Periods during the most recent twelve months; and DHR = the Dilution Horizon Ratio. The Dilution Reserve Ratio shall be calculated monthly in each Monthly Report and such Dilution Reserve Ratio shall, absent manifest error, be effective from the corresponding Monthly Settlement Date until the next succeeding Monthly Settlement Date. "Dilutions" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of reductions or --------- cancellations described in clause (i) of the definition of "Deemed Collections", ---------- other than any Earned Discounts or quarterly volume rebates which have been subtracted from the Net Receivables Balance. "Discount and Servicing Fee Reserve" means, on any date, the sum of ---------------------------------- (i) one and one-half of one percent (1.5%) times the lower of the Net Receivables Balance and the Purchase Limit as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day plus (ii) the average outstanding amount of ---- accrued and unpaid Yield and fees during the preceding Collection Period, such component to be calculated in each Monthly Report which component shall, absent manifest error, become effective from the corresponding Monthly Settlement Date until the next succeeding Monthly Settlement Date. The Collateral Agent shall estimate the component of the Discount and Servicing Fee Reserve described in clause (ii) above for the period from the initial purchase hereunder until the - ----------- first Monthly Settlement Date. "Discount Rate" means the CP Rate, the LIBO Rate or the Base Rate, as ------------- applicable, with respect to each Purchaser Interest. "Earned Discount" means any reduction in the Outstanding Balance of --------------- any Eligible Receivable resulting from a discount earned by an Obligor due to a payment made by such Obligor within its payment terms. "Eligible Receivable" means, at any time, a Receivable: ------------------- (i) the Obligor of which (a) if a natural person, is a resident of the United States or, if a corporation or other business organization, is organized under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof and has its chief executive office in the United States; (b) is not an Affiliate of any of the parties hereto; (c) is not a Designated Obligor; and (d) is not a government or a governmental subdivision or agency, (ii) the Obligor of which is not an Obligor on Defaulted Receivables, the balance of which exceeds twenty-five percent (25%) or more of such Obligor's Receivables, (iii) which is not a Defaulted Receivable or a Delinquent Receivable, 52 (iv) which by its terms is due and payable within thirty (30) days of the original billing date therefor and has not had its payment terms extended, (v) which is an "account" within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions, (vi) which is denominated and payable only in United States dollars in the United States, (vii) which arises under a Contract in substantially the form of one of the form contracts set forth on Exhibit IX hereto or otherwise approved ---------- by the Collateral Agent in writing, which, together with such Receivable, is in full force and effect and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms subject to no offset, rescission, counterclaim or other defense, (viii) which arises under a Contract which (A) does not require the Obligor under such Contract to consent to the transfer, sale or assignment of the rights and duties of Seller under such Contract and (B) does not contain a confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the ability of any Purchaser to exercise its rights under this Agreement. (ix) which arises under a Contract that contains an obligation to pay a specified sum of money, contingent only upon the sale of goods or the provision of services by the Originator, which goods shall have been sold and delivered and which services shall have been fully performed, (x) which, together with the Contract related thereto, does not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable thereto (including, without limitation, any law, rule and regulation relating to truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no part of the Contract related thereto is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation, (xi) which satisfies in all material respects all applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy, (xii) which was generated in the ordinary course of Originator's business pursuant to duly authorized Contracts, (xiii) which arises solely from the sale of goods or the provision of services, within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, to the related Obligor by Originator, and not by any other Person (in whole or in part), (xiv) which has been validly transferred by (a) the Originator to CGSF under the Tier One Receivables Sale Agreement and (b) by CGSF to the Seller under the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement, and 53 (xv) in which the Collateral Agent has a valid and perfected security interest. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as ----- amended from time to time. "Facility Termination Date" means the earlier of June 30, 2004 and the ------------------------- Liquidity Termination Date. "Falcon" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. ------ "Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any period, a fluctuating ---------------------------- interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period equal to (a) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the Composite Closing Quotations for U.S. Government Securities; or (b) if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 10:30 a.m. (Chicago time) for such day on such transactions received by the Reference Bank from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. "Fee Letter" means that certain letter agreement dated as of the date ---------- hereof among the Seller, the Originator, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time. "Finance Charges" means, with respect to a Contract, any finance, --------------- interest, late payment charges or similar charges owing by an Obligor pursuant to such Contract. "Financial Institutions" has the meaning set forth in the preamble in ---------------------- this Agreement. "First Chicago" means The First National Bank of Chicago, in its ------------- individual capacity, and its successors. "Funding Agreement" means this Agreement and any agreement or ----------------- instrument executed by any Funding Source with or for the benefit of a Conduit. "Funding Source" means (i) any Financial Institution or (ii) any -------------- insurance company, bank or other funding entity providing liquidity, credit enhancement or back-up purchase support or facilities to a Conduit. "Incremental Purchase" means a purchase of one or more Purchaser -------------------- Interests which increases the total outstanding Capital hereunder. "Indebtedness" of a Person means such Person's (i) obligations for ------------ borrowed money, (ii) obligations representing the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of such Person's business payable on terms customary in the trade), (iii) obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by liens or payable out 54 of the proceeds or production from property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person, (iv) obligations which are evidenced by notes, acceptances, or other instruments, (v) capitalized lease obligations, (vi) net liabilities under interest rate swap, exchange or cap agreements, (vii) Contingent Obligations and (viii) liabilities in respect of unfunded vested benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA. "Independent Director" shall mean a member of the Board of Directors -------------------- of the Seller who (i) is in fact independent, (ii) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller and (iii) is not connected as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director of person performing similar functions within the Seller, any Affiliate of the Seller or any Person with a material direct or indirect financial interest in the Seller. "Initial Syndication Completion Date" has the meaning set forth in ----------------------------------- Section 12.3. "LIBO Business Day" means a day of the year on which dealings in U.S. ----------------- Dollar deposits are carried on the London interbank market. "LIBO Rate" means (a) with respect to PREFCO and its Financial --------- Institutions and Falcon and its Financial Institutions, the rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) (x) the rate at which deposits in U.S. Dollars are offered by the Reference Bank to first-class banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Tranche Period, such deposits being in the approximate amount of the Capital of the Purchaser Interest to be funded or maintained, divided by (y) ---------- one minus the maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic, ----- supplemental, marginal or other reserves) which is imposed against the Reference Bank in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities, as defined in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as in effect from time to time (expressed as a decimal), applicable to such Tranche Period plus (ii) the ---- Applicable Margin, rounded, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%; and (b) with respect to Blue Ridge and its Financial Institutions, the rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) (x) the rate per annum determined on the basis of the offered rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars of amounts equal or comparable to the approximate amount of the Capital of the Purchaser Interest to be funded or maintained offered for a term comparable to the relevant Tranche Period, which rates appear on a Bloomberg L.P. terminal, displayed under the address "US0001M Q ," effective as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) LIBO Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Tranche Period, provided, that if no such offered rates appear on such page, the rate for such - -------- Tranche Period will be the arithmetic average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100th of 1% of rates quoted by not less than two major banks in New York City, selected by the Managing Agents, at approximately 10:00 a.m. (New York City time), two LIBO Business Days prior to the first day of such Tranche Period, for deposits in U.S. Dollars offered by leading European banks for a period comparable to such Tranche Period in an amount equal or comparable to the approximate amount of the Capital of the Purchaser Interest to be funded or maintained, divided by (y) one minus the maximum reserve percentage, if any, ---------- ----- applicable to Wachovia under Regulation D during such Tranche Period (or if more than one percentage shall be applicable, the daily average of such 55 percentages for those days in such Tranche Period during which any such percentage shall be applicable) for determining Wachovia's reserve requirement (including any marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) with respect to liabilities or assets having a term comparable to such Tranche Period consisting or included in the computation of "Eurocurrency Liabilities" pursuant to Regulation D, plus (ii) the Applicable Margin. Without limiting the effect of ---- the foregoing clause (b), the maximum reserve percentage calculated pursuant to ---------- clause (b)(i)(y) above shall reflect any other reserves required to be - ---------------- maintained by Wachovia by reason of any regulatory change against (a) any category of liabilities which included deposits by reference to which the "London Interbank Offered Rate" is to be determined or (b) any category of extensions of credit or other assets which include London Interbank Offered Rate-based credits or assets. "Liquidity Agreement" means an agreement entered into by a Conduit ------------------- with its Committed Purchasers in connection herewith for the purpose of providing liquidity with respect to the Capital funded by such Conduit under this Agreement. "Liquidity Termination Date" means June 23, 2000, unless such date is -------------------------- extended with the consent of the parties hereto. "Lock-Box" means a locked postal box maintained by McKesson, in its -------- capacity as Servicer with respect to which a bank who has executed a Collection Account Agreement has been granted exclusive access for the purpose of retrieving and processing payments made on the Receivables and which is listed on Exhibit IV. ---------- "Loss Horizon Ratio" means, for any Collection Period, a fraction ------------------ (calculated as a percentage) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables generated during the three (3) most recently ended Collection Periods by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of total Eligible Receivables as at the last day of the most recently ended Collection Period. "Loss Reserve" means, on any date, an amount equal to (x) the greater ------------ of (i) 12% and (ii) the Loss Reserve Ratio then in effect times (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables (net of Earned Discounts and quarterly volume rebates) as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day. "Loss-to-Balance Ratio" means, as of the last day of any Collection --------------------- Period, a percentage equal to (i) the aggregate amount of Receivables which were Defaulted Receivables as of the last day of such Collection Period and as of the last day of the two (2) preceding Collection Periods plus, without duplication, ---- the dollar amount of Receivables less than ninety (90) days past due which were written off as uncollectible during such three Collection Periods, divided by ---------- (ii) the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of such three (3) Collection Periods. "Loss Reserve Ratio" means, as of any date, an amount calculated as ------------------ follows: LRR = 2.0 X DPR X LHR, where 56 LRR = the Loss Reserve Ratio; DPR = the highest average of the Default Proxy Ratios for any three consecutive Collection Periods during the most recent twelve months; and LHR = the Loss Horizon Ratio. The Loss Reserve Ratio shall be calculated monthly in each Monthly Report and such Loss Reserve Ratio shall, absent manifest error, be effective from the corresponding Monthly Settlement Date until the next succeeding Monthly Settlement Date. "Managing Agent" means, as to any Conduit, the financial institution -------------- responsible for the administration of such Conduit's Commercial Paper program and related activities. As of the date hereof, First Chicago is the Managing Agent for PREFCO and Falcon and their Committed Purchasers and Wachovia is the Managing Agent for Blue Ridge and its Committed Purchasers. "Managing Agent Percentage" means, (a) with respect to First Chicago, ------------------------- a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 2/3 and (b) with respect to Wachovia, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 1/3. "Mandate Letter" means that certain mandate letter dated as of June -------------- 15, 1999 addressed to Nicholas A. Loiacono from First Chicago, Wachovia, Banc One Capital Markets, Inc. and Wachovia Securities, Inc. "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (i) the ----------------------- financial condition or operations of any Seller Party and its Material Subsidiaries(except as otherwise disclosed to or discussed with the Managing Agents prior to the date hereof), (ii) the ability of any Seller Party to perform its obligations under this Agreement, (iii) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (iv) any Purchaser's interest in the Receivables generally or in any significant portion of the Receivables, the Related Security or the Collections with respect thereto, or (v) the collectibility of the Receivables generally or of any material portion of the Receivables. "Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, (i) Medis and (ii) any other ------------------- Subsidiary of McKesson having at such time ten percent (10%) or more of McKesson's consolidated total (gross) revenues for the preceding four fiscal quarter period, as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter based upon McKesson's most recent annual or quarterly financial statements delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Managing Agents under Section 7.1(a). -------------- "McKesson" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this -------- Agreement. "Medis" means Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc., an ----- Ontario corporation and an indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiary of McKesson. 57 "Monthly Report" means a report, in substantially the form of Exhibit -------------- ------- X hereto (appropriately completed), furnished by the Servicer to the Managing - - Agents pursuant to Section 8.5. ----------- "Monthly Settlement Date" means the twentieth (20th) day of each ----------------------- month, or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and any successor ------- thereto. "Net Receivables Balance" means, at any time, the aggregate ----------------------- Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time (net of all Earned Discounts and quarterly volume rebates then in effect) reduced by the aggregate amount by which the Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables of each Obligor and its Affiliates exceeds the Concentration Limit for such Obligor. "Net Worth" means the sum of a capital stock and additional paid in --------- capital plus retained earnings (or minus accumulated deficits) of the Originator ---- ----- and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles on such date. "Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1. ----------- ----------- "Obligor" means a Person obligated to make payments pursuant to a ------- Contract. "Originator" means McKesson, in its capacity as Seller under the Tier ---------- One Receivables Sale Agreement. "Outstanding Balance" of any Receivable at any time means the then ------------------- outstanding principal balance thereof. "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a ------ business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. "Potential Amortization Event" means an event which, with the passage ---------------------------- of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute an Amortization Event. "PREFCO" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. ------ "Prime Rate" means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced ---------- from time to time by Wachovia as its "prime rate." (The "prime rate" is a rate set by Wachovia based upon various factors including Wachovia's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate.) Any change in the prime rate announced by Wachovia shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 58 "Proposed Reduction Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. ----------------------- ----------- "Pro Rata Share" means, (1) for each Financial Institution, the -------------- Commitment of such Financial Institution divided by the Purchase Limit, adjusted ---------- as necessary to give effect to the application of any assignments pursuant to Article XII and (2) for each Conduit, its Conduit Percentage. - ----------- "Purchase Group" means any Conduit and its Committed Purchasers. -------------- "Purchase Limit" means $750,000,000. -------------- "Purchase Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2. --------------- ----------- "Purchase Price" means, with respect to any Incremental Purchase of a -------------- Purchaser Interest, the amount paid to Seller for such Purchaser Interest which shall not exceed the least of (i) the amount requested by Seller in the applicable Purchase Notice, (ii) the unused portion of the Purchase Limit on the applicable purchase date and (iii) the excess, if any, of the Net Receivables Balance (less the Aggregate Reserves) on the applicable purchase date over the aggregate outstanding amount of Capital determined as of the date of the most recent Monthly Report, taking into account such proposed Incremental Purchase. "Purchaser" means any Conduit or Financial Institution, as applicable. --------- "Purchaser Interest" means, at any time, an undivided percentage ------------------ ownership interest (computed as set forth below) associated with a designated amount of Capital, Discount Rate and Tranche Period selected pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof in (i) each and every Receivable, (ii) all Related Security with respect to the Receivables, and (iii) all Collections with respect to, and other proceeds of the Receivables. Each such undivided percentage interest shall equal: C NRB- AR where: C = the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Purchaser Interests in a Purchase Group AR = Aggregate Reserves NRB = the Net Receivables Balance. Such undivided percentage ownership interest shall be initially computed on its date of purchase. Thereafter, until its Amortization Date, each Purchaser Interest shall be automatically recomputed (or deemed to be recomputed) on each day prior to its Amortization Date. The variable percentage represented by any Purchaser Interest as computed (or deemed recomputed) 59 as of the close of the business day immediately preceding its Amortization Date shall remain constant at all times after such Amortization Date. "Rating Agency" means each of S&P and Moody's. ------------- "Receivable" means any indebtedness or obligations owed to Seller by ---------- an Obligor (without giving effect to any transfer or conveyance hereunder) or in which the Seller has a security interest or other interest, whether constituting an account, chattel paper, instrument or general intangible, arising in connection with the sale of pharmaceutical and other products and related services by the Originator to retail, chain and hospital pharmacies or drugstores and other healthcare facilities, and any other entities engaged in the sale or provision of pharmaceutical products and other products and related services, including, without limitation, the obligation to pay any Finance Charges with respect thereto. Indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any one transaction, including, without limitation, indebtedness and other rights and obligations represented by an individual invoice, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any other transaction. "Receivables Dilution Ratio" means, as of the last day of any -------------------------- Collection Period, a percentage equal to (i) the aggregate amount of Dilutions plus any Earned Discounts or quarterly volume rebates) during such Collection - ---- Period and the two (2) preceding Collection Periods, divided by (ii) the sum of ---------- the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of each of such three (3) Collection Periods. "Receivables Sale Agreement" means (1) the Tier One Receivables Sale -------------------------- Agreement, or (2) the Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement, as applicable. "Records" means, with respect to any Receivable, all Contracts and ------- other documents, books, records and other information (including, without limitation, computer programs, tapes, disks, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Receivable, any Related Security therefor and the related Obligor. "Reduction Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. ---------------- ----------- "Reference Bank" means First Chicago or such other bank as First -------------- Chicago shall designate with the consent of Seller. "Reinvestment" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. ------------ ----------- "Related Security" means, with respect to any Receivable: ---------------- (i) all of Seller's interest in the inventory and goods (including returned or repossessed inventory or goods), if any, the sale of which by Originator gave rise to such Receivable, and all insurance contracts with respect thereto, (ii) all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time, if any, purporting to secure payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the 60 Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable, (iii) all guaranties, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, (iv) all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable, (v) all Records related to such Receivable, (vi) all of Seller's right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables Sale Agreements in respect of such Receivable, and (vii) all proceeds of any of the foregoing. "Required Capital Amount" means, as of any date of determination, an ----------------------- amount equal to the Net Receivables Balance multiplied by 3%. ------------- "Required Financial Institutions" means, at any time, Financial ------------------------------- Institutions with Commitments in excess of 66-2/3% of the Purchase Limit. "Required Notice Period" means the number of days required notice set ---------------------- forth below applicable to the Aggregate Reduction indicated below: Aggregate Reduction Required Notice Period ------------------- ---------------------- #$100,000,000 two Business Days $100,000,000 to $250,000,000 five Business Days *$250,000,000 ten Business Days provided, that the Required Notice Period shall be one Business Day if the - -------- Seller is curing a default of the type described in Section 9.1(e) or a breach -------------- of the negative covenant set forth in Section 7.2(e). -------------- "Revolving Credit Agreement" means that certain Credit Agreement dated -------------------------- as of November 10, 1998 among McKesson, Medis, Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as agent, Bank of America Canada, as administrative agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank and First Chicago, as documentation agents, and the other financial institutions parties thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), or any successor facility. "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The --- McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto. "Seller" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. ------ * = greater than 61 "Seller Interest" means, at any time, an undivided percentage --------------- ownership interest of Seller in the Receivables, Related Security and all Collections with respect thereto equal to (i) one, minus (ii) the aggregate of ----- the Purchaser Interests. "Seller Parties" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this -------------- Agreement. "Servicer" means at any time the Person (which may be the Collateral -------- Agent) then authorized pursuant to Article VIII to service, administer and ------------ collect Receivables. "Settlement Date" means (A) the Monthly Settlement Date and (B) the --------------- last day of the relevant Tranche Period in respect of each Purchaser Interest. "Settlement Period" means (A) in respect of each Purchaser Interest ----------------- of the Conduits, the immediately preceding Accrual Period, and (B) in respect of each Purchaser Interest of the Financial Institutions, the entire Tranche Period of such Purchaser Interest. "Special Concentration Limit" means, at any time, with respect to any --------------------------- Special Obligor (together with its Affiliates or subsidiaries), the lesser of (i) the applicable percentage set forth below multiplied by the aggregate ------------- Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables (net of all Earned Discounts and quarterly volume rebates) at such time and (ii) the maximum dollar amounts set forth below, in each case corresponding to the Moody's and S&P short-term debt ratings for such Special Obligor at such time or such percentage as may be otherwise set forth below such Special Obligor's name below: Special Obligors with ratings at or above: - ----------------------------------------- S&P Rating Moody's Rating Percentage Maximum Dollar Amount - ---------------- ----------------- ----------- --------------------- A-1+ and P-1 11% $165,000,000 A-1 and P-1 9% $135,000,000 A-2 and P-2 6% $ 90,000,000 lower than lower than A-2 or P-2 or unrated and unrated 3% $ 45,000,000 provided, that either Managing Agent or the Required Financial Institutions may, - -------- upon not less than thirty (30) Business Days' notice to Seller, cancel or reduce any Special Concentration Limit. "Special Obligor" means Rite Aid, Osco Drug (American Stores), CVS --------------- Corp., Wal-Mart, and such other Special Obligors as may be designated by the Managing Agents from time to time. 62 "Standard Concentration Limit" means, at any time, with respect to any ---------------------------- Obligor other than a Special Obligor, the lesser of (i) 3% times the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Eligible Receivables (net of all Earned Discounts and quarterly volume rebates) at such time and (ii) $45,000,000. "Subsidiary" of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of ---------- the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, association, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50% of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or controlled. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to a "Subsidiary" shall mean a Subsidiary of Seller. "Terminating Tranche" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(b). ------------------- -------------- "Tier One Receivables Sale Agreement" means that certain Receivables ----------------------------------- Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Originator and CGSF, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time). "Tier Two Receivables Sale Agreement" means that certain Receivables ----------------------------------- Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between CGSF and the Seller, (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time). "Total Capitalization" means, on any date, the sum of (a) Total Debt -------------------- and (b) the Net Worth on such date. "Total Debt" means, on any date, all "Indebtedness" (as such term is ---------- defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) of the Originator and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis. "Tranche Period" means, with respect to any Purchaser Interest: -------------- (a) if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated with respect to the CP Rate, the relevant CP Tranche Period; (b) if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated on the basis of the LIBO Rate, a period of one, two, three or six months, or such other period as may be mutually agreeable to the applicable Managing Agent and Seller, commencing on a Business Day selected by Seller or such Managing Agent pursuant to this Agreement. Such Tranche Period shall end on the day in the applicable succeeding calendar month which corresponds numerically to the beginning day of such Tranche Period, provided, however, that if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such succeeding month, such Tranche Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding month; or 63 (c) if Yield for such Purchaser Interest is calculated on the basis of the Base Rate, a period commencing on a Business Day selected by Seller and agreed to by the applicable Managing Agent, provided no such period shall exceed one month. If any Tranche Period would end on a day which is not a Business Day, such Tranche Period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day, provided, however, -------- that in the case of Tranche Periods corresponding to the LIBO Rate, if such next succeeding Business Day falls in a new month, such Tranche Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any Tranche Period for any Purchaser Interest of which commences before the Amortization Date and would otherwise end on a date occurring after the Amortization Date, such Tranche Period shall end on the Amortization Date. The duration of each Tranche Period which commences after the Amortization Date shall be of such duration as selected by the applicable Managing Agent. In no event shall any Tranche Period extend beyond the Facility Termination Date. "Transaction Documents" means, collectively, this Agreement, each --------------------- Purchase Notice, the Receivables Sale Agreements, each Collection Account Agreement, the Fee Letter, each Liquidity Agreement and all other instruments, documents and agreements executed and delivered in connection herewith. "Trigger Event" means, (i) the occurrence of an Amortization Event of ------------- the type described in Section 9.1(b) or (f) if such Amortization Event shall -------------- --- continue for five (5) consecutive Business Days after the earlier of written notice from the Collateral Agent or any Managing Agent or Purchaser or actual knowledge on the part of a Seller Party of such Amortization Event, (ii) the occurrence of any other Amortization Event described in Article IX or (iii) the ---------- declaration of the Amortization Date as a result of an Amortization Event. "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect --- in the specified jurisdiction. "Wachovia" means Wachovia Bank, N.A., in its individual capacity, and -------- its successors. "Year 2000 Plan" means a plan to prevent the Year 2000 Problem from -------------- having an adverse effect upon the business, financial condition, operations, property or prospects of a Person . "Year 2000 Problem" means, with respect to any Person, the risk that ----------------- computer applications directly used by that Person cannot or will not: (a) handle date information involving any and all dates before, during and/or after January 1, 2000, including accepting input, providing output and performing date calculations in whole or in part; (b) operate accurately without interruption on and in respect of any and all dates before, during and/or after January 1, 2000; and (c) store and provide date input information without creating any ambiguity as to the century. "Yield" means for each respective Tranche Period relating to Purchaser ----- Interests, an amount equal to the product of the applicable Discount Rate for each Purchaser Interest 64 multiplied by the Capital of such Purchaser Interest for each day elapsed during - ------------- such Tranche Period, annualized on a 360 day basis. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York or California, as applicable, and not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. 65 EXHIBIT II FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE [Date] [The First National Bank of Chicago, as Managing Agent for Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation and Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation Suite 0079, 1-21 One First National Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670 Attention: Asset Backed Finance] [Wachovia Bank, N.A. as Managing Agent for Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation 191 Peachtree Street, NE-GA-423 Atlanta, Georgia 30303 Attention: Elizabeth Wagner Re: Purchase Notice --------------- Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned refers to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1999 (the "Receivables Purchase Agreement," the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, as Seller and McKesson HBOC, Inc., as initial Servicer, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation, Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation and Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation (collectively, the "Conduits"), certain Financial Institutions parties thereto, The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Managing Agents, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Collateral Agent for the Conduits and such Financial Institutions, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests an Incremental Purchase under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Incremental Purchase (the "Proposed Purchase") as required by Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement: (i) The Business Day of the Proposed Purchase is [insert purchase date], which date is at least two (2) Business Days after the date hereof. (ii) The requested Purchase Price in respect of the Proposed Purchase is $__________. 66 (iii) If the Proposed Purchase to be funded by the Financial Institutions, the requested Discount Rate is ____________ and the requested Tranche Period is __________. (iv) The requested maturity date for the Tranche Period is _______________. The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Purchase (before and after giving effect to the Proposed Purchase): (i) the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth in Section 5.1 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date of such Proposed Purchase as though made on and as of such date; (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Purchase, that will constitute an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event; and (iii) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred, the aggregate Capital of all Purchaser Interests shall not exceed the Purchase Limit and the aggregate Receivable Interests shall not exceed 100%. Very truly yours, CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION By:_________________________ Name: Title: 67 EXHIBIT III PLACES OF BUSINESS OF THE SELLER PARTIES; LOCATIONS OF RECORDS; FEDERAL EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER(S) @@ - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CGSF Funding Corporation McKesson HBOC, Inc. - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- PRINCIPAL PLACE OF One Post Street One Post Street OF BUSINESS San Francisco CA 94104 San Francisco, CA 94104 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- LOCATION OF One Post Street One Post Street RECORDS San Francisco, CA 94104 San Francisco, CA 94104 Customer and Financial Services Customer and 1220 Senlac Drive Financial Carrollton, TX 75006 Services 1220 Senlac Drive Carrollton, TX 75006 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- FEIN(S) 94-3269972 94-3207296 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- @@ 68 EXHIBIT IV NAMES OF COLLECTION BANKS; COLLECTION ACCOUNTS - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ COLLECTION BANK COLLECTION LOCK-BOX ADDRESS --------------- ---------- ----------------- ACCOUNT ------- NUMBER ------ - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Am South Bank 02799251 P.O. Box 11407 Drawer #278 Birmingham, AL 35246-0278 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Fifth Third Bank 72906223 P.O. Box 631307 Cincinnati, OH 45263-1307 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ First Union National Bank 2000001388389 P.O. Box 862013 Orlando, FL 32886-2013 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A. 182862268 P.O. Box 78865 Milwaukee, WI 53278-0865 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Fleet National Bank 2921456 P.O. Box 40000 Dept. #517 Hartford, CT 06151-0517 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ First National Bank of Maryland 19178327 P.O. Box 64638 Baltimore, MD 21264-4638 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The First National Bank of Chicago 5114489 P.O. Box 73984 Chicago, IL 60673-7984 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The First National Bank of Chicago 5114497 P.O. Box 730477 Dallas, TX 75373-0477 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The First National Bank of Chicago 5114470 P.O. Box 100681 Pasadena, CA 91189-0681 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The First National Bank of Chicago 5110939 P.O. Box 13451 Newark, NJ 07188-0451 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Mellon Bank, N.A. 0378986 P. O. Box 371648 Pittsburgh, PA 15251-7648 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Mercantile Bank N.A. 1005014202 P.O. Box 952331 St. Louis, MO 63195-2331 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A. 1018214174 Department #1070 Denver, CO 80291-1070 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A. 0755008 P.O. Box 1450 NW9024 Minneapolis, MN 55485-9024 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ U.S. Bank 153505531530 P.O. Box 3646 Seattle, WA 98124-3646 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Bank, N.A. 8733043871 P.O. Box 75698 Charlotte, NC 28275-0698 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bank of Montreal/Harris Bank 337897 n/a - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 69 EXHIBIT V FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE To: The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Managing Agents This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 among CGSF Funding Corporation (the "Seller"), McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Servicer"), the Purchasers ------ -------- party thereto The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as managing agents and The First National Bank of Chicago, as collateral agent for such Purchasers (the "Agreement"). --------- THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 1. I am the duly elected _____________________ of Seller. 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of Seller and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes an Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event, as each such term is defined under the Agreement, during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate, except as set forth in paragraph 5 below. 4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations ---------- evidencing the compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 5. Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Seller has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 70 The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Certificate - ---------- in support hereof, are made and delivered this ____ day of _________, _____. _________________________________ Name: Title: 71 SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE A. Schedule of Compliance as of __________, ____ with Section ___ of the Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. This schedule relates to the month ended: _________ 72 EXHIBIT VI FORM OF COLLECTION ACCOUNT AGREEMENT [On letterhead of Originator] [Date] [Lock-Box Bank/Concentration Bank/Depositary Bank] Re: McKesson HBOC, Inc. ------------------- Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is hereby made to P.O. Box #_____________ in [city, state, ----- ------ zip code] (the "Lock-Box") of which you have exclusive control for the purpose - -------- -------- of receiving mail and processing payments therefrom pursuant to that certain [name of lock-box agreement] between you and McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company") ------- dated __________ (the "Agreement"). You hereby confirm your agreement to --------- perform the services described therein. Among the services you have agreed to perform therein, is to endorse all checks and other evidences of payment, and credit such payments to the Company's checking account no. __________ maintained with you in the name of the Company (the "Lock-Box Account"). ---------------- The Company hereby informs you that (i) pursuant to that certain Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1999 between the Company and California Golden State Finance Company ("CGSF"), the Company has transferred ---- all of its right, title and interest in and to, and exclusive ownership and control of, the Lock-Box and the Lock-Box Account to CGSF, and (ii) pursuant to that certain Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1999 between CGSF and CGSF Funding Corporation (the "Seller"), CGSF has transferred all of its ------ right, title and interest in and to, and exclusive ownership and control of, the Lock-Box and the Lock-Box Account to the Seller. The Company, CGSF and the Seller hereby request that the name of the Lock-Box Account be changed to "CGSF Funding Corporation, an indirect subsidiary of McKesson HBOC, Inc." The Company hereby irrevocably instructs you, and you hereby agree, that upon receiving notice from The First National Bank of Chicago ("FNBC") in ---- the form attached hereto as Annex A: (i) the name of the Lock-Box Account will be changed to FNBC for itself and as collateral agent (or any designee of FNBC) and FNBC will have exclusive ownership of and access to the Lock-Box and the Lock-Box Account, and none of the Company, CGSF, the Seller or any of their respective affiliates will have any control of the Lock-Box or the Lock-Box Account or any access thereto, (ii) you will either continue to send the funds from the Lock-Box to the Lock-Box Account, or will redirect the funds as FNBC may otherwise request, (iii) you will transfer monies on deposit in the Lock-Box Account, at any time, as directed by FNBC, (iv) all services to be performed by you under the Agreement will be performed on behalf of FNBC, and (v) all correspondence or other mail which you have agreed to send to the Company or the Seller will be sent to FNBC at the following address: 73 The First National Bank of Chicago Suite 0596, 21st Floor One First National Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670 Attention: Credit Manager, Asset Backed Securities Division Moreover, upon such notice, FNBC for itself and as collateral agent will have all rights and remedies given to the Company (and CGSF and the Seller, as the Company's assignees) under the Agreement. The Company agrees, however, to continue to pay all fees and other assessments due thereunder at any time. You hereby acknowledge that monies deposited in the Lock-Box Account or any other account established with you by FNBC for the purpose of receiving funds from the Lock-Box are subject to the liens of FNBC for itself and as collateral agent, and will not be subject to deduction, set-off, banker's lien or any other right you or any other party may have against the Company or the Seller, except that you may debit the Lock-Box Account for any items deposited therein that are returned or otherwise not collected and for all charges, fees, commissions and expenses incurred by you in providing services hereunder, all in accordance with your customary practices for the charge back of returned items and expenses. THIS LETTER AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of such counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This letter agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties, and may not be altered, modified, terminated or amended in any respect, nor may any right, power or privilege of any party hereunder be waived or released or discharged, except upon execution by all parties hereto of a written instrument so providing. In the event that any provision in this letter agreement is in conflict with, or inconsistent with, any provision of the Agreement, this letter agreement will exclusively govern and control. Each party agrees to take all actions reasonably requested by any other party to carry out the purposes of this letter agreement or to preserve and protect the rights of each party hereunder. 74 Please indicate your agreement to the terms of this letter agreement by signing in the space provided below. This letter agreement will become effective immediately upon execution of a counterpart of this letter agreement by all parties hereto. Very truly yours, MCKESSON HBOC, INC. By:____________________________ Name: Title: CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION By:____________________________ Name: Title: Acknowledged and agreed to this ______ day of ______ [COLLECTION BANK] By:_________________________ Name: Title: THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO, as Collateral Agent By:_________________________ Name: Title: 75 ANNEX A FORM OF NOTICE [On letterhead of FNBC] ___________, [Collection Bank/Depositary Bank/Concentration Bank] Re: McKesson HBOC, Inc. ------------------- Ladies and Gentlemen: We hereby notify you that we are exercising our rights pursuant to that certain letter agreement among McKesson HBOC, Inc., CGSF Funding Corporation, you and us, to have the name of, and to have exclusive ownership and control of, account number [________] (the "Lock-Box Account") maintained ---------------- with you, transferred to us. [Lock-Box Account will henceforth be a zero- balance account, and funds deposited in the Lock-Box Account should be sent at the end of each day to _______________.] You have further agreed to perform all other services you are performing under that certain agreement dated [_________] between you and McKesson HBOC, Inc. on our behalf. We appreciate your cooperation in this matter. Very truly yours, THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO (for itself and as Collateral Agent) By:_________________________________ Name: Title: 76 EXHIBIT VII FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT is entered into as of the [___] day of [[____________, ____], by and between _____________________ ("Seller") and ------ __________________ ("Purchaser"). --------- PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS A. This Assignment Agreement is being executed and delivered in accordance with Section 12.1(b) of that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 by and among CGSF Funding Corporation, as Seller, McKesson HBOC, Inc., as Servicer, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation ("PREFCO"), Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon"), Blue Ridge Asset ------ ------ Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge", and together with PREFCO and Falcon, the ---------- "Conduits"), The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as -------- Managing Agents, The First National Bank of Chicago as Collateral Agent, and the Financial Institutions party thereto (as amended, modified or restated from time to time, the "Purchase Agreement"). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise ------------------ defined herein are used with the meanings set forth or incorporated by reference in the Purchase Agreement. B. The Seller is a Financial Institution party to the Purchase Agreement, and the Purchaser wishes to become a Financial Institution thereunder; and C. The Seller is selling and assigning to the Purchaser an undivided ____________% (the "Transferred Percentage") interest in all of Seller's rights ---------------------- and obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the Seller's Commitment, the Seller's obligations under [describe applicable Liquidity Agreement] and (if applicable) the Capital of the Seller's Purchaser Interests as set forth herein; The parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. This sale, transfer and assignment effected by this Assignment Agreement shall become effective (the "Effective Date") two (2) Business Days -------------- (or such other date selected by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) following the date on which a notice substantially in the form of Schedule II to ----------- this Assignment Agreement ("Effective Notice") is delivered by the Collateral ---------------- Agent to the Conduits, the Seller and the Purchaser. From and after the Effective Date, the Purchaser shall be a Financial Institution party to the Purchase Agreement for all purposes thereof as if the Purchaser were an original party thereto and the Purchaser agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions contained therein. 2. If the Seller has no outstanding Capital under the Purchase Agreement, on the Effective Date, Seller shall be deemed to have hereby transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below), and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken, received and assumed from the Seller, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's Commitment and all rights and obligations associated therewith under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, including, 77 without limitation, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's future funding obligations under Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement. 3. If the Seller has any outstanding Capital under the Purchase Agreement, at or before 12:00 noon, local time of the Seller, on the Effective Date the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Transferred Percentage of the outstanding Capital of the Seller's Purchaser Interests (such amount, being hereinafter referred to as the "Purchaser's Capital"); (ii) all accrued but unpaid (whether ------------------- or not then due) Yield attributable to the Purchaser's Capital; and (iii) accruing but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of the Purchaser's Capital for the period commencing upon each date such unpaid amounts commence accruing, to and including the Effective Date (the "Purchaser's ----------- Acquisition Cost"); - ---------------- whereupon, the Seller shall be deemed to have sold, transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below), and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken, received and assumed from the Seller, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's Commitment and the Capital of the Seller's Purchaser Interests (if applicable) and all related rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's future funding obligations under Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement. 4. Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, the Seller will provide to the Purchaser copies of all documents requested by the Purchaser which were delivered to such Seller pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 5. Each of the parties to this Assignment Agreement agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Assignment Agreement. 6. By executing and delivering this Assignment Agreement, the Seller and the Purchaser confirm to and agree with each other, the Collateral Agent and the Financial Institutions as follows: (a) other than the representation and warranty that it has not created any Adverse Claim upon any interest being transferred hereunder, the Seller makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made by any other Person in or in connection with the Purchase Agreement or the Transaction Documents or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Purchaser, the Purchase Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or the perfection, priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral; (b) the Seller makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Seller, any Obligor, any Seller Affiliate or the performance or observance by the Seller, any Obligor, any Seller Affiliate of any of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or in connection therewith; (c) the Purchaser confirms that it has received a copy of the Transaction Documents, together with such other documents and 78 information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement; (d) the Purchaser will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, the Conduits, the Seller or any other Financial Institution or Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents; (e) the Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as collateral agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; (f) the Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as collateral agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (g) the Purchaser agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which, by the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, are required to be performed by it as a Financial Institution or, when applicable, as a Purchaser. 7. Each party hereto represents and warrants to and agrees with the Collateral Agent that it is aware of and will comply with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 4.1 and 14.6 thereof. 8. Schedule I hereto sets forth the revised Commitment of the Seller ---------- and the Commitment of the Purchaser, as well as administrative information with respect to the Purchaser. 9. THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 10. The Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after the payment in full of all senior indebtedness for borrowed money of the Conduits, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States. 79 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Assignment Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers of the date hereof. [SELLER] By:____________________________ Name: Title: [Purchaser] By:____________________________ Name: Title: 80 SCHEDULE I TO ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT LIST OF LENDING OFFICES, ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES AND COMMITMENT AMOUNTS Date: _______________, ____ - ---- Transferred Percentage:________% - ---------------------- A-1 A-2 B-1 B-2 --- --- --- --- Outstanding Commitment Commitment Capital Ratable Seller [existing] [revised] (if any) Share - ------------------------------------------------------------- A-1 B-1 B-2 --- --- Outstanding Commitment Capital Ratable Purchaser [initial] (if any) Share - ------------------------------------------------------------- Address for Notices - ------------------- - ------------ - ------------ Attention: Phone: Fax: 81 SCHEDULE II TO ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE NOTICE TO:________________________, Seller ________________________ ________________________ ________________________ TO:________________________, Purchaser ________________________ ________________________ ________________________ The undersigned, as Collateral Agent under the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 by and among CGSF Funding Corporation, as Seller, McKesson HBOC, Inc., as Servicer, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation, ("PREFCO"), Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon"), Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge", and together with PREFCO and Falcon, the "Conduits"), The First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Managing Agents, The First National Bank of Chicago, as Collateral Agent, and the Financial Institutions party thereto, hereby acknowledges receipt of executed counterparts of a completed Assignment Agreement dated as of ____________, ____ between __________________, as Seller, and __________________, as Purchaser. Terms defined in such Assignment Agreement are used herein as therein defined. 1. Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, you are advised that the Effective Date will be ______________, ____. 2. The Managing Agent, on behalf of the affected Conduits, hereby consents to the Assignment Agreement as required by Section 12.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement. 82 [3. Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, the Purchaser is required to pay $____________ to the Seller at or before 12:00 noon (local time of the Seller) on the Effective Date in immediately available funds.] Very truly yours, THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO, individually and as Collateral Agent [and a Managing Agent] By:__________________________ Title: [WACHOVIA BANK, N.A., as a Managing Agent By: ____________________________ Authorized Signatory] 83 EXHIBIT VIII CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY Attached. 84 EXHIBIT IX FORM OF CONTRACT(S) Attached. 85 EXHIBIT X FORM OF MONTHLY REPORT Attached. 86 SCHEDULE A COMMITMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PURCHASE GROUP: PREFCO Financial Institution Commitment - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The First National Bank of Chicago $250,000,000 - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- PURCHASE GROUP: Falcon Financial Institution Commitment - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The First National Bank of Chicago $250,000,000 - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- PURCHASE GROUP: Blue Ridge Financial Institution Commitment - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Wachovia Bank, N.A. $250,000,000 - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 87 SCHEDULE B DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED TO THE AGENTS ON OR PRIOR TO THE INITIAL PURCHASE Attached. 88 TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 14.11 Integration; Binding Effect; Survival of Terms. ---------------------------------------------- 90 EXHIBITS Exhibit I Definitions Exhibit II Form of Purchase Notice Exhibit III Places of Business of the Seller Parties; Locations of Records; Federal Employer Identification Number(s) Exhibit IV Names of Collection Banks; Collection Accounts Exhibit V Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit VI Form of Collection Account Agreement Exhibit VII Form of Assignment Agreement Exhibit VIII Credit and Collection Policy Exhibit IX Form of Contract(s) Exhibit X Form of Monthly Report SCHEDULES Schedule A Commitments of Financial Institutions Schedule B Documents to Be Delivered to the Agents on or Prior to the Initial Purchase 91
EXHIBIT 10.36 FIRST AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This FIRST AMENDMENT (this "Amendment"), dated as of September 29, 1999, --------- is to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1999 (the "Agreement"), among CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, as --------- seller (the "Seller"), McKESSON HBOC, INC., a Delaware corporation ("McKesson"), ------ as the initial servicer (the Servicer together with the Seller, the "Seller ------ Parties" and each a "Seller Party") the funding entities parties thereto - ------- ------------ (together with their respective successors and assigns, the "Financial --------- Institutions"), Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation ("PREFCO"), Falcon - ------------ Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon"), and Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge"; PREFCO, Falcon and Blue Ridge being referred to collectively as the "Conduits", and together with the Financial Institutions, -------- the "Purchasers"), Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of ---------- Chicago), and Wachovia Bank, N.A. (each a "Managing Agent" and collectively, the -------------- "Managing Agents") and Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank --------------- of Chicago), as collateral agent for the Purchasers hereunder or any successor collateral agent hereunder (together with its successors and assigns hereunder, the "Collateral Agent"). Capitalized terms used, and not otherwise defined, ---------------- herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. WHEREAS, the Seller Parties, the Purchasers, the Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent (collectively, the "Parties") have entered into the Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Agreement in certain respects as hereinafter set forth; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1 AMENDMENTS ---------- (a) The definition of "Defaulted Receivable" in Exhibit I to the Agreement --------- is amended by deleting the words "(ii) as to which the Obligor thereof, if a natural person, is deceased," and by changing the reference to "(iii)" to "(ii)", by changing the reference to "(iv)" to "(iii)" and by changing the reference to "(v)" to "(iv)". (b) Clause (i)(a) of the definition of "Eligible Receivable" in Exhibit I --------- to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following language is substituted therefor: "(a) if a corporation or other business organization, including any sole proprietorship, is organized under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof and has its chief executive office in the United States; provided, however, that nothing contained -------- ------- herein shall preclude any natural person from providing a personal guarantee in favor of a corporation or other business organization, including any sole proprietorship, with respect to any Receivable;" (c) Section 8.5 of the Agreement is amended by replacing "on the fifteenth (15/th/) day of each month and at such more" with "on the fifteenth (15/th/) day of each month, or if such day is not a Business day, the next Business Day, and at such more". SECTION 2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ------------------------------ Each of the Seller and McKesson represents and warrants (a) as to the matters set forth in Section 5.1 of the Agreement as if such representations and warranties were made on the date hereof, (b) that the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the performance of its obligations under the Agreement as amended hereby (as so amended, the "Amended Agreement") (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and (iii) do not and will not constitute a material default under any provision of law or of its charter or by-laws or of any indenture, loan agreement or other contract, order or decree which is binding upon it, and (c) that the Amended Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. SECTION 3 EFFECTIVENESS ------------- The amendments set forth in Section 1 hereof shall become effective on September 29, 1999, provided that the Managing Agents shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by each of the Parties hereto. SECTION 4 MISCELLANEOUS ------------- (a) Continuing Effectiveness, etc. As herein amended, the Agreement shall ------------------------------ remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. After the effectiveness hereof, all references to the Agreement in the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other related document shall refer to the Amended Agreement. (b) Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of ------------ counterparts and by the different Parties on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to be an original but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Amendment. (c) Expenses. McKesson agrees to pay the costs and expenses of the -------- Managing Agents in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment. (d) Governing Law. This Amendment shall be a contract made under and ------------- governed by the internal laws of the State of New York. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: One Post Street San Francisco, California 94104 Fax: McKESSON HBOC, INC., as the Servicer By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: One Post Street San Francisco, California 94104 Fax: PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory Address: c/o Bank One, NA, as Managing Agent Asset Backed Finance Suite 0079, 1-19 1 Bank One Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670-0019 Fax: (312) 732-1844 FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory Address: c/o Bank One, NA, as Managing Agent Asset Backed Finance Suite 0079, 1-19 1 Bank One Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670-0019 Fax: (312) 732-1844 BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Attorney-In-Fact By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: 191 Peachtree Street, NE Atlanta, Georgia 30303 Fax: (404) 332-5152 BANK ONE, NA (Main Office Chicago) (formerly known as THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO), as a Committed Purchaser for PREFCO and Falcon, a Financial Institution, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: Bank One, NA Asset Backed Finance Suite 0596, 1-21 1 Bank One Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670-0596 Fax: (312) 732-4487 WACHOVIA BANK, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser for Blue Ridge, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: 191 Peachtree Street, NE Atlanta, Georgia 30303 Fax: (404) 332-5152
EXECUTION COPY Exhibit 10.37 SECOND AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Amendment"), --------- dated as of December 6, 1999, is among CGSF Funding Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ------ "Servicer"; the Servicer together with the Seller, the "Seller Parties" and each -------- -------------- a "Seller Party"), the funding entities parties hereto (the "Original Financial ------------ ------------------ Institutions"), Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation ("PREFCO"), Falcon - ------------ ------ Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon") and Blue Ridge Asset Funding ------ Corporation ("Blue Ridge"; PREFCO, Falcon and Blue Ridge being referred to ---------- collectively as the "Original Conduits"), Bank One, NA (formerly known as The ----------------- First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One") and Wachovia Bank, N.A. -------- (collectively, the "Original Managing Agents") and Bank One, as the collateral ------------------------ agent (the "Collateral Agent"). Defined terms used herein and not otherwise ---------------- defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the "Receivables Purchase Agreement" (as hereinafter defined). WHEREAS, the Seller, the Servicer, the Original Financial Institutions, the Original Conduits, the Original Managing Agents and the Collateral Agent are parties (collectively, the "Original Parties") to the ---------------- Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of September 29, 1999 (the "Receivables ----------- Purchase Agreement"); and - ------------------ WHEREAS, the Original Parties have agreed to amend the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein to, inter alia, ----- ---- (i) add Liberty Street Funding Corp. to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as a Conduit and (ii) add The Bank of Nova Scotia to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as (x) a Committed Purchaser for Liberty Street, (y) a Financial Institution and (z) a Managing Agent. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Original Parties agree as follows: 1. Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. Effective as of ----------------------------------------------- the date first above written and subject to the execution of this Amendment by the parties hereto and the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be and hereby is amended as follows: a. To the extent not otherwise specifically set forth herein, (i) each reference to "The First National Bank of Chicago" in the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be replaced with a reference to "Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago)" and (ii) each reference to "First Chicago" shall be replaced with a reference to "Bank One". b. The preamble to the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to: (i) delete the words "and Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation (`Blue Ridge'; PREFCO, Falcon and Blue Ridge being referred to ---------- collectively as the `Conduits', and together with the Financial -------- Institutions, the`Purchasers')" and to substitute therefor the words ---------- ",Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation (`Blue Ridge') and Liberty ---------- Street Funding Corp. (`Liberty Street'; PREFCO, Falcon, Blue Ridge and -------------- Liberty Street being referred to collectively as the `Conduits', and -------- together with the Financial Institutions, the `Purchasers')"; and ---------- (ii) delete the words "and Wachovia Bank, N.A." and to substitute therefor ", Wachovia Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia". c. Section 5.1(m) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended -------------- to insert the following language immediately before the period (".") at the end of clause (ii) thereof: ----------- "; provided, that with respect to each of clause (i) and clause (ii), -------- ---------- ----------- the insolvency of, or any other event with respect to, any Obligor or Obligors which results in the Eligible Receivables from such Obligor or Obligors ceasing to be Eligible Receivables shall not be deemed to have a Material Adverse Effect so long as (x) immediately after giving effect to such insolvency or event, as applicable, the Net Receivables Balance less the Aggregate Reserves equals or exceeds the Aggregate Capital, and (y) such insolvency or event, as applicable, does not materially adversely affect the ability of the initial Servicer to perform its obligations and duties under this Agreement". d. Section 14.5(b) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby --------------- amended to delete the words "First Chicago or Wachovia" in the eighth line thereof and to substitute therefor the words "Bank One, Wachovia or Scotia". e. Section 14.13 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended ------------- to add the following clause (c) immediately after clause (b) thereof: ---------- "(c) Scotia Roles. Each of the Financial Institutions acknowledges ------------ that Scotia acts, or may in the future act, (i) as Managing Agent for Liberty Street, (ii) as issuing and paying agent for Liberty Street's Commercial Paper, (iii) to provide credit or liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for the Commercial Paper and (iv) to provide other services from time to time for some or all of the 2 Conduits (collectively, the `Scotia Roles'). Without limiting the ------------ generality of this Section 14.13(c), each Financial Institution hereby ---------------- acknowledges and consents to any and all Scotia Roles and agrees that in connection with any Scotia Role, Scotia may take, or refrain from taking, any action that it, in its discretion, deems appropriate, including, without limitation, in its role as Managing Agent for the related Conduit, and the giving of notice to the Collateral Agent or a Managing Agent of a mandatory purchase pursuant to its liquidity back- stop program." f. Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be amended to --------- add the following new definitions in the appropriate alphabetical locations: (i) "`Bank One' means Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First -------- National Bank of Chicago), in its individual capacity, and its successors." (ii) "`Bank One Group Reference Bank' means Bank One or such other ----------------------------- bank as Bank One shall designate with the consent of Seller." (iii) "`Liberty Street' has the meaning set forth in the preamble to -------------- this Agreement." (iv) "`Scotia' means The Bank of Nova Scotia, in its individual ------ capacity, and its successors." (v) "`Scotia Group Reference Bank' means Scotia or such other bank --------------------------- as Scotia shall designate with the consent of Seller." g. The definition of "Applicable Margin" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following definition shall be substituted therefor: "`Applicable Margin' means, on any date and with respect to each ----------------- funding made at the LIBO Rate, the "Applicable Margin" then in effect under and as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement; provided, -------- however, that if the Revolving Credit Agreement shall terminate, by ------- acceleration or otherwise, `Applicable Margin' shall mean the Applicable Margin as in effect under and as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement on the date of such termination." h. The definition of "Applicable Rating Level" in Exhibit I to the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. i. The definition of "Base Rate" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase --------- Agreement is hereby amended to: (i) delete the words "Reference Bank" in clause (a) and to substitute the words "Bank One Group Reference Bank" therefor; (ii) delete the word "and" immediately before clause (b) and to substitute a comma (",") therefor; and 3 (iii) add the following language immediately before the period (".") at the end thereof: "and (c), with respect to Liberty Street and its Financial Institutions, a rate per annum equal to the corporate base rate, prime rate or base rate of interest, as applicable, announced by the Scotia Group Reference Bank from time to time, changing when and as such rate changes". j. The definition of "Conduit Percentage" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. k. The definition of "Federal Funds Effective Rate" in Exhibit I to the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to delete the words "Reference Bank" in clause (b) and to substitute therefor the word "Wachovia". l. The definition of "LIBO Rate" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase --------- Agreement is hereby amended to: (i) delete each reference to "Reference Bank" in clause (a) and, in each case, to substitute the words "Bank One Group Reference Bank" therefor; (ii) delete the word "and" immediately before clause (b); and (iii) add the following language immediately before the period (".") at the end thereof: "; and (c) with respect to Liberty Street and its Financial Institutions, the rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) (x) the rate at which deposits in U.S. Dollars are offered by the Scotia Group Reference Bank to first-class banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Tranche Period, such deposits being in the approximate amount of the Capital of the Purchaser Interest to be funded or maintained, divided by (y) one minus the maximum aggregate ---------- ----- reserve requirement (including all basic, supplemental, marginal or other reserves) which is imposed against the Scotia Group Reference Bank in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities, as defined in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as in effect from time to time (expressed as a decimal), applicable to such Tranche Period plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, rounded, if necessary, to the ---- next higher 1/16 of 1%". m. The definition of "Managing Agent" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following definition shall be substituted therefor: "`Managing Agent' means, as to any Conduit, the financial institution -------------- responsible for the administration of such Conduit's Commercial Paper program and related 4 activities. As of the date hereof, (a) Bank One is the Managing Agent for PREFCO and Falcon and their Committed Purchasers, (b) Wachovia is the Managing Agent for Blue Ridge and its Committed Purchasers and (c) Scotia is the Managing Agent for Liberty Street and its Committed Purchasers." n. The definition of "Managing Agent Percentage" in Exhibit I to the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following definition shall be substituted therefor: "`Managing Agent Percentage' means, (a) with respect to Bank One, a ------------------------- fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 10/17 at all times prior to January 20, 2000 and 8/17 at all times on and after such date, (b) with respect to Wachovia, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 5/17 and (c) with respect to Scotia, a fraction (expressed as a percentage) equal to 2/17 at all times prior to January 20, 2000 and 4/17 at all times on and after such date." o. The definition of "Material Adverse Effect" in Exhibit I to the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to add the following language immediately before the period (".") at the end thereof: "; provided, that the insolvency of, or any other event with respect -------- to, any Obligor or Obligors which results in the Eligible Receivables from such Obligor or Obligors ceasing to be Eligible Receivables shall not be deemed to have a "Material Adverse Effect" so long as (x) immediately after giving effect to such insolvency or event, as applicable, the Net Receivables Balance less the Aggregate Reserves equals or exceeds the Aggregate Capital, and (y) such insolvency or event, as applicable, does not materially adversely affect the ability of the initial Servicer to perform its obligations and duties under this Agreement". p. The definition of "Material Subsidiary" in Exhibit I to the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to delete the words "(i) Medis and (ii) any other" in the first line thereof and to substitute therefor the word "any". q. The definition of "Medis" in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase --------- Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. r. The definition of "Pro Rata Shares" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following definition shall be substituted therefor: "`Pro Rata Share' means, for each Financial Institution or Conduit, as -------------- applicable, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), the numerator of which is the Capital associated with such Financial Institution or Conduit and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Capital; provided, however, that (1) solely with respect to the reference to -------- ------- `Pro Rata Shares' in Section 1.2, at all times prior to January 20, ----------- 2000, (x) the Pro Rata Share for each of PREFCO, Falcon and Blue Ridge and their related Financial Institutions shall be 0% and (y) the Pro Rata Share for Liberty Street and its related Financial Institutions shall be 100%, and (2) solely 5 with respect to the reference to `Pro Rata Shares' in Section 11.6, at ------------ all times prior to January 20, 2000, (w) the Pro Rata Share for the Financial Institutions which are Committed Purchasers for PREFCO shall be deemed to be 5/17, (x) the Pro Rata Share for the Financial Institutions which are Committed Purchasers for Falcon shall be deemed to be 5/17, (y) the Pro Rata Share for the Financial Institutions which are Committed Purchasers for Blue Ridge shall be deemed to be 5/17, and (z) the Pro Rata Share for the Financial Institutions which are Committed Purchasers for Liberty Street shall be deemed to be 2/17." s. The definition of "Purchase Limit" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to delete the reference to "$750,000,000" and to substitute therefor "$850,000,000". t. The definition of "Purchaser Interest" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to: (i) add the words "with respect to any Purchaser," immediately before the words "at any time" in the first line thereof; and (ii) delete the words "C = the aggregate outstanding Capital of all Purchaser Interests in a Purchase Group" and to substitute therefor "C = the Capital associated with such Purchaser Interest". u. The definition of "Reference Bank" in Exhibit I to the Receivables --------- Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. v. The definition of "Revolving Credit Agreement" in Exhibit I to the --------- Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following definition shall be substituted therefor: "`Revolving Credit Agreement' means that certain Credit Agreement -------------------------- dated as of October 22, 1999 among McKesson, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank, Bank One and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, as documentation agents, and the other financial institutions parties thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) providing a 364-day revolving credit facility in favor of McKesson, or any successor or replacement facility." w. Exhibits II, V and VII and Schedule A to the Receivables Purchase ----------- - --- ---------- Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and Exhibits II, V and ----------- - VII and Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof are --- ---------- substituted therefor. 2. Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall become effective as of -------------------- the date above written if and only if the Managing Agents have received: a. duly executed originals of this Amendment from each of the Original Parties; and 6 b. a duly executed Supplement to Receivables Purchase Agreement in the form of Annex I attached hereto and made a part hereof from Liberty Street ------- and Scotia. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Seller Parties. Each of the ---------------------------------------------------- Seller Parties hereby represents and warrants as follows: a. This Amendment and the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller Party and are enforceable against such Seller Party in accordance with their terms. b. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each Seller Party hereby reaffirms all representations and warranties made in the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and to the extent the same are not amended hereby, agrees that all such representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been remade as of the date of delivery of this Amendment, unless and to the extent that any such representation and warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 4. Reference to and Effect on the Receivables Purchase Agreement. ------------------------------------------------------------- a. Upon the effectiveness of Section 1 hereof, on and after the date --------- hereof, each reference in the Receivables Purchase Agreement to "this Receivables Purchase Agreement," "hereunder," "hereof," "herein" or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended hereby. b. The Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. c. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Managing Agents, the Financial Institutions or the Collateral Agent, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 5. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed ------------- in accordance with the internal laws (as opposed to the conflict of law provisions) of the State of New York. 6. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein -------- for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 7. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of ------------ the parties to the Amendment on any number of separate counterparts and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 7 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on the date first above written. CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION, as the Seller By:__________________________________ Name: Title: McKESSON HBOC, INC., as the Servicer By:__________________________________ Name: Title: PREFERRED RECEIVABLES FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory FALCON ASSET SECURITIZATION CORPORATION, as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Authorized Signatory BLUE RIDGE ASSET FUNDING CORPORATION, as a Conduit By: Wachovia Bank, N.A., as Attorney-In-Fact By:__________________________________ Name: Title: BANK ONE, NA (Main Office Chicago) (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), 8 as a Committed Purchaser for PREFCO and Falcon, a Financial Institution, a Managing Agent and as Collateral Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Elizabeth Cohen Title: Vice President WACHOVIA BANK, N.A., as a Committed Purchaser for Blue Ridge, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Title: 9 ANNEX I to Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement SUPPLEMENT TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT Reference is hereby made to the Receivables Purchase Agreement (as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of September 29, 1999 and the Second Amendment thereto dated as of December 6, 1999, the "Receivables Purchase -------------------- Agreement") dated as of June 25, 1999 CGSF Funding Corporation, a Delaware - --------- corporation ("Seller"), McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation ------ ("McKesson"), as initial Servicer (the "Servicer" together with the Seller, the -------- -------- "Seller Parties" and each a "Seller Party"), the funding entities parties -------------- ------------ thereto (the "Original Financial Institutions"), Preferred Receivables Funding ------------------------------- Corporation ("PREFCO"), Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon") and ------ ------ Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge"; PREFCO, Falcon and Blue ---------- Ridge being referred to collectively as the "Original Conduits"), Bank One, NA ----------------- (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One") and Wachovia -------- Bank, N.A. (each, an "Original Managing Agent" and collectively, the "Original ------------------------ -------- Managing Agents") and Bank One, as collateral agent for the Purchasers - --------------- thereunder or any successor collateral agent hereunder (together with its successors and assigns hereunder, the "Collateral Agent"). Capitalized terms ---------------- used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Receivables Purchase Agreement. By its execution below, Liberty Street Funding Corp. ("Liberty ------- Street") (a) agrees to become, and does hereby become, a Conduit under the - ------ Receivables Purchase Agreement and (b) agrees to be bound by such Receivables Purchase Agreement as if originally a party thereto. By its execution below, The Bank of Nova Scotia ("Scotia") (a) agrees ------ to become, and does hereby become, (i) a Committed Purchaser for Liberty Street, (ii) a Financial Institution and (iii) a Managing Agent under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and (b) agrees to be bound by such Receivables Purchase Agreement as if originally a party thereto. 10 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Liberty Street and Scotia have executed and delivered this Supplement to Receivables Purchase Agreement as of this 6th day of December, 1999. LIBERTY STREET FUNDING CORP., as a Conduit By:__________________________________ Name: Title: Address: c/o Global Securitization Services, LLC 114 West 47th Street, Suite 1715 New York, New York 10036 Attention: Andrew L. Stidd Telephone: (212) 302-8330 Fax: (212) 302-8767 With a copy to: Address: The Bank of Nova Scotia One Liberty Plaza New York, New York 10006 Attention: Dorothy Poli Telephone: (212) 225-5000 Fax: (212) 225-5090 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Committed Purchaser for Liberty Street, a Financial Institution and a Managing Agent By:__________________________________ Name: Rodothea Poli Title: Managing Director Address: One Liberty Plaza New York, New York 10006 Attention: Dorothy Poli Telephone: (212) 225-5000 Fax: (212) 225-5090 11 EXHIBIT II FORM OF PURCHASE NOTICE [Date] [Bank One, NA, as Managing Agent for Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation and Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation Suite 0079, 1-21 1 Bank One Plaza Chicago, Illinois 60670 Attention: Asset Backed Finance] [Wachovia Bank, N.A. as Managing Agent for Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation 191 Peachtree Street, NE-GA-423 Atlanta, Georgia 30303 Attention: Elizabeth Wagner] [The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Managing Agent for Liberty Street Funding Corp. One Liberty Plaza New York, New York 10006 Attention: [________________]] Re: Purchase Notice --------------- Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned refers to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 1999 (the "Receivables Purchase Agreement," the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, as Seller and McKesson HBOC, Inc., as initial Servicer, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation, Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation, Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation and Liberty Street Funding Corp. (collectively, the "Conduits"), certain Financial Institutions parties thereto, Bank One, NA (formerly known as, The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One"), Wachovia Bank, N.A. and The -------- Bank of Nova Scotia, as Managing Agents, and Bank One, as Collateral Agent for the Conduits and such Financial Institutions, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests an Incremental Purchase under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the 12 information relating to such Incremental Purchase (the "Proposed Purchase") as required by Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement: (i) The Business Day of the Proposed Purchase is [insert purchase date], which date is at least two (2) Business Days after the date hereof. (ii) The requested Purchase Price in respect of the Proposed Purchase is $__________. (iii) If the Proposed Purchase to be funded by the Financial Institutions, the requested Discount Rate is ____________ and the requested Tranche Period is __________. (iv) The requested maturity date for the Tranche Period is _______________. The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the Proposed Purchase (before and after giving effect to the Proposed Purchase): (i) the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth in Section 5.1 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date of such Proposed Purchase as though made on and as of such date; (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Purchase, that will constitute an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event; and (iii) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred, the aggregate Capital of all Purchaser Interests shall not exceed the Purchase Limit and the aggregate Receivable Interests shall not exceed 100%. Very truly yours, CGSF FUNDING CORPORATION By:_________________________ Name: Title: 13 EXHIBIT V FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE To: Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), Wachovia Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Managing Agents This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 among CGSF Funding Corporation (the "Seller"), McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Servicer"), the Purchasers ------ -------- party thereto Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One"), Wachovia Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as -------- managing agents and Bank One, as collateral agent for such Purchasers (the "Agreement"). --------- THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 1. I am the duly elected _____________________ of Seller. 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of Seller and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or event which constitutes an Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event, as each such term is defined under the Agreement, during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate, except as set forth in paragraph 5 below. 4. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations ---------- evidencing the compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 5. Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Seller has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 14 The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Certificate - ---------- in support hereof, are made and delivered this ____ day of ______________, _____. _________________________________ Name: Title: 15 SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE A. Schedule of Compliance as of __________, ____ with Section ___ of the Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. This schedule relates to the month ended: _________ 16 EXHIBIT VII FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT is entered into as of the [___] day of [[____________, ____], by and between _____________________ ("Seller") and ------ __________________ ("Purchaser"). --------- PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS A. This Assignment Agreement is being executed and delivered in accordance with Section 12.1(b) of that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 by and among CGSF Funding Corporation, as Seller, McKesson HBOC, Inc., as Servicer, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation ("PREFCO"), Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon"), Blue Ridge Asset ------ ------ Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge"), Liberty Street Funding Corp. ("Liberty ---------- ------- Street", and together with PREFCO, Falcon and Blue Ridge, the "Conduits"), Bank - ------ -------- One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One"), -------- Wachovia Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Managing Agents, Bank One as Collateral Agent, and the Financial Institutions party thereto (as amended, modified or restated from time to time, the "Purchase Agreement"). Capitalized ------------------ terms used and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings set forth or incorporated by reference in the Purchase Agreement. B. The Seller is a Financial Institution party to the Purchase Agreement, and the Purchaser wishes to become a Financial Institution thereunder; and C. The Seller is selling and assigning to the Purchaser an undivided ____________% (the "Transferred Percentage") interest in all of Seller's rights ---------------------- and obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the Seller's Commitment, the Seller's obligations under [describe applicable Liquidity Agreement] and (if applicable) the Capital of the Seller's Purchaser Interests as set forth herein; The parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. This sale, transfer and assignment effected by this Assignment Agreement shall become effective (the "Effective Date") two (2) Business Days -------------- (or such other date selected by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) following the date on which a notice substantially in the form of Schedule II to ----------- this Assignment Agreement ("Effective Notice") is delivered by the Collateral ---------------- Agent to the Conduits, the Seller and the Purchaser. From and after the Effective Date, the Purchaser shall be a Financial Institution party to the Purchase Agreement for all purposes thereof as if the Purchaser were an original party thereto and the Purchaser agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions contained therein. 2. If the Seller has no outstanding Capital under the Purchase Agreement, on the Effective Date, Seller shall be deemed to have hereby transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below), and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken, received and assumed from the Seller, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's Commitment and all rights 17 and obligations associated therewith under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's future funding obligations under Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement. 3. If the Seller has any outstanding Capital under the Purchase Agreement, at or before 12:00 noon, local time of the Seller, on the Effective Date the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Transferred Percentage of the outstanding Capital of the Seller's Purchaser Interests (such amount, being hereinafter referred to as the "Purchaser's Capital"); (ii) all accrued but unpaid (whether ------------------- or not then due) Yield attributable to the Purchaser's Capital; and (iii) accruing but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of the Purchaser's Capital for the period commencing upon each date such unpaid amounts commence accruing, to and including the Effective Date (the "Purchaser's ----------- Acquisition Cost"); - ---------------- whereupon, the Seller shall be deemed to have sold, transferred and assigned to the Purchaser, without recourse, representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below), and the Purchaser shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken, received and assumed from the Seller, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's Commitment and the Capital of the Seller's Purchaser Interests (if applicable) and all related rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the Transferred Percentage of the Seller's future funding obligations under Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement. 4. Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, the Seller will provide to the Purchaser copies of all documents requested by the Purchaser which were delivered to such Seller pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 5. Each of the parties to this Assignment Agreement agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Assignment Agreement. 6. By executing and delivering this Assignment Agreement, the Seller and the Purchaser confirm to and agree with each other, the Collateral Agent and the Financial Institutions as follows: (a) other than the representation and warranty that it has not created any Adverse Claim upon any interest being transferred hereunder, the Seller makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made by any other Person in or in connection with the Purchase Agreement or the Transaction Documents or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Purchaser, the Purchase Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or the perfection, priority, condition, value or sufficiency of any collateral; (b) the Seller makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Seller, any Obligor, any Seller Affiliate or the performance or observance by the Seller, any Obligor, any Seller Affiliate of any of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or in connection therewith; (c) the Purchaser confirms that it has received a copy of the Transaction Documents, together with such other documents and 18 information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement; (d) the Purchaser will, independently and without reliance upon the Collateral Agent, the Conduits, the Seller or any other Financial Institution or Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents; (e) the Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as collateral agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; (f) the Purchaser appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as collateral agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (g) the Purchaser agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which, by the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents, are required to be performed by it as a Financial Institution or, when applicable, as a Purchaser. 7. Each party hereto represents and warrants to and agrees with the Collateral Agent that it is aware of and will comply with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 4.1 and 14.6 thereof. 8. Schedule I hereto sets forth the revised Commitment of the Seller ---------- and the Commitment of the Purchaser, as well as administrative information with respect to the Purchaser. 9. THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 10. The Purchaser hereby covenants and agrees that, prior to the date which is one year and one day after the payment in full of all senior indebtedness for borrowed money of the Conduits, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, any Conduit, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States. 19 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Assignment Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers of the date hereof. [SELLER] By:____________________________ Name: Title: [Purchaser] By:____________________________ Name: Title: 20 SCHEDULE I TO ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT LIST OF LENDING OFFICES, ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES AND COMMITMENT AMOUNTS Date: _______________, ____ - ---- Transferred Percentage:________% - ---------------------- A-1 A-2 B-1 B-2 --- --- --- --- Outstanding Commitment Commitment Capital Ratable Seller [existing] [revised] (if any) Share - ---------------------------------------------------------------- A-1 B-1 B-2 --- --- --- Outstanding Commitment Capital Ratable Purchaser [initial] (if any) Share - ----------------------------------------------------------- Address for Notices - ------------------- _____________ _____________ Attention: Phone: Fax: 21 SCHEDULE II TO ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE NOTICE TO:________________________, Seller ________________________ ________________________ ________________________ TO:________________________, Purchaser ________________________ ________________________ ________________________ The undersigned, as Collateral Agent under the Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 25, 1999 by and among CGSF Funding Corporation, as Seller, McKesson HBOC, Inc., as Servicer, Preferred Receivables Funding Corporation, ("PREFCO"), Falcon Asset Securitization Corporation ("Falcon"), Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation ("Blue Ridge"), Liberty Street Funding Corp. ("Liberty Street", and together with PREFCO and Falcon, the "Conduits"), Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago, "Bank One"), Wachovia Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia as Managing Agents, Bank One, as Collateral Agent, and the Financial Institutions party thereto, hereby acknowledges receipt of executed counterparts of a completed Assignment Agreement dated as of ____________, ____ between __________________, as Seller, and __________________, as Purchaser. Terms defined in such Assignment Agreement are used herein as therein defined. 1. Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, you are advised that the Effective Date will be ______________, ____. 2. The Managing Agent, on behalf of the affected Conduits, hereby consents to the Assignment Agreement as required by Section 12.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement. 22 [3. Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, the Purchaser is required to pay $____________ to the Seller at or before 12:00 noon (local time of the Seller) on the Effective Date in immediately available funds.] Very truly yours, BANK ONE, NA (Main Office Chicago) (formerly known as The First National Bank of Chicago), individually and as Collateral Agent [and a Managing Agent] By:__________________________ Title: 23 SCHEDULE A COMMITMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PURCHASE GROUP: PREFCO - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment --------------------- -------------------- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First $250,000,000 prior to January 20, 2000; National Bank of Chicago) $200,000,000 from and after January 20, 2000 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PURCHASE GROUP: Falcon - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment --------------------- -------------------- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bank One, NA (formerly known as The First $250,000,000 prior to January 20, 2000; National Bank of Chicago) $200,000,000 from and after January 20, 2000 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PURCHASE GROUP: Blue Ridge - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment --------------------- -------------------- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Wachovia Bank, N.A. $250,000,000 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PURCHASE GROUP: Liberty Street - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Financial Institution Aggregate Commitment --------------------- -------------------- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The Bank of Nova Scotia $100,000,000 prior to January 20, 2000; $200,000,000 from and after January 20, 2000 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 24
Exhibit 10.38 McKESSON HBOC, INC. STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO CERTAIN STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED ON AUGUST 16, 1999 Unless otherwise stated in an Agreement (as defined herein) the following terms and conditions shall apply to each stock option ("Option") granted on August 16, 1999, to an employee of McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company") or an affiliate of the Company ("Optionee") other than stock options designated as granted under the McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company") 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan. 1. Stock Subject to Options. All Options shall be for the purchase ------------------------ of shares of common stock ($0.01 par value) of the Company (the "Stock") subject to adjustment as provided in Section 18 of this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 2. Option Agreement. Options shall be evidenced by a grant notice ---------------- ("Notice") to be executed by the Company setting forth the basic terms and conditions of the Option. Each Notice shall incorporate by reference and be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Statement of Terms and Conditions. 3. Option Purchase Price. The purchase price of the Stock subject to --------------------- this Option shall be the Option Price Per Share, as specified in the Notice, which price shall be not less than the per share "fair market value" of such Stock as of the date such Option was granted (the "Grant Date"). "Fair market value" means the composite closing price on the Grant Date, as reported in The Wall Street Journal. 4. Option Period and Vesting of Right to Exercise. ---------------------------------------------- (a) Option Period. Options shall be exercisable only during the applicable Option Period, and during such Option Period, the exercisability of an Option shall be subject to the vesting provisions of subparagraph 4(b) herein as modified by the rules set forth in paragraphs 5 and 6 herein. The Option Period shall commence on the Grant Date set forth in the Agreement and, except as otherwise provided in paragraph 5, shall end on the Terminal Date which shall be ten years from such Grant Date. (b) Vesting of Right to Exercise Options. (1) Installment Option. Except as provided in paragraph 6 below, an Option shall be exercisable during the Option Period as follows: (i) As to 50% of the number of shares covered by the Option, at any time after two years from the Grant Date; and (ii) As to an additional 25% of the number of shares covered by the Option, at any time after three years from the Grant Date; and (iii) As to an additional 25% of the number of shares covered by the Option, at any time after four years from the Grant Date. (iv) At such time as shall be determined by the Committee or by the Board of Directors, as applicable, at the time of granting the Option and specified in the Notice. (2) Any vested portion of an Option not exercised hereunder shall accumulate and be exercisable at any time on or before the Terminal Date, subject to the rules set forth in paragraph 6. No Option may be exercised for less than 5% of the total number of shares then available under such Option. In no event shall the Company be required to issue fractional shares. 5. Limits on Option Period and Acceleration of Vesting. The Option --------------------------------------------------- Period may end before the Terminal Date, (subject to the provisions of paragraph 6 below), as follows: (a) Unless otherwise provided in an employment agreement Optionee ceases to be a bona fide employee of the Company or of its affiliates during the Option Period for reasons other than for Cause (as defined herein), or death, the Option Period shall end three (3) years after the date of termination or on the Terminal Date, whichever date shall first occur, and the Option shall be exercisable to the extent of the entire unexercised portion of the Option (or any lesser amount) remaining at the date of such termination. For purposes of this Statement of Terms and Conditions, termination of employment for Cause shall mean termination upon Optionee's negligent or willful engagement in misconduct which, in the sole determination of the Company, is injurious to the Company, its employees, or its customers. If Optionee is absent from work with the Company or an affiliate because of his Disability (as defined in the Company's Short Term Disability Plan), or if Optionee is on leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country in which the principal place of employment of Optionee is located, either in a military or civilian capacity, or for such other purpose or reason as the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Committee") may approve, Optionee shall not be deemed during the period of any such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated employment with the Company or an affiliate except as the Committee may otherwise expressly determine. (b) If the employment of Optionee is terminated for Cause, the Option Period shall end on the date of such termination of employment and the Option shall thereupon not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (c) If Optionee should die while in the employ of the Company or an affiliate, or within a period of seven (7) months following retirement from the employ of the Company or an affiliate, or within the month of termination of employment with the Company or one of its affiliates, the Option Period shall end three (3) years after the date of death or on the Terminal Date, whichever shall first occur, and the Optionee's executor or administrator or the person or persons to whom Optionee's rights under any Option shall pass by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, may exercise the entire unexercised portion of the shares covered by such Option (or any lesser amount) remaining on the date of death. (d) Upon a "Change in Control" (as defined in the Company's 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan), then notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all Options that are outstanding at the time of such Change in Control shall become immediately exercisable in full. 6. Special Forfeiture and Repayment Rules. Any other provision of -------------------------------------- these terms and conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Committee determines that an Optionee has engaged in any of the actions described in (c) below, the consequences set forth in (a) and (b) below shall result: (a) Any outstanding Option shall immediately and automatically terminate, be forfeited and shall cease to be exercisable, without limitation, by the Optionee or his or her representatives, in the case of the death of the Optionee. (b) If the Optionee exercised an Option within six months prior to the date upon which the Company discovered that the Optionee engaged in any action described in (c) below, the Optionee, upon written notice from the Company, shall immediately pay to the Company the economic value realized or obtained by the exercise of such Option, measured at the date of exercise. (c) The consequences described in (a) and (b) above shall apply if the Optionee, either before or after termination of employment with the Company or its affiliates: (i) Discloses to others, or takes or uses for his own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know-how or any other proprietary information or intellectual property belonging to the Company or its affiliates and obtained by the Optionee during the term of his employment, whether or not they are the Optionee's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Optionee knows or has reason to know that the Company or its affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (ii) Fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Company or its affiliates in the Optionee's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment, whether pursuant to retirement or otherwise; (iii) Fails to provide the Company with at least thirty (30) days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Company or its affiliates. As used herein, "business in competition" means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Company or its affiliates at the 2 time of the termination of the Optionee's employment with the Company or its affiliates; (iv) Fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this paragraph and of the Optionee's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Company or its affiliates and obtained by the Optionee during the term of his employment with the Company or any Subsidiary; (v) Induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Company or its affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Company or its affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Company or any of its affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Optionee or any third party; or (vi) Engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Company or its affiliates. The Committee shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Optionee has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (i) through (vi) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this paragraph which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable should be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this paragraph. 7. Method of Exercise. Optionee may exercise an Option with respect ------------------ to all or any part of the shares of Stock then subject to such exercise as follows: (a) By giving the Company, or its authorized representative designated for this purpose, written notice of such exercise specifying the number of such shares as to which the Option is so exercised. Such notice shall be accompanied by an amount equal to the Option Price of such shares, in the form of any one or combination of the following: cash or a certified check, bank draft, postal or express money order payable to the order of the Company in lawful money of the United States. The Optionee may pay the Option Price, in whole or in part, by tendering to the Company or its authorized representative shares of Stock which have been owned by Optionee for at least six (6) months prior to said tender, and having a fair market value, as determined by the Company, equal to the Option Price for such shares, or in lieu of the delivery of actual shares of Stock in such tender, the Company may accept an attestation by Optionee, in a form prescribed by the Company or its authorized representative, that Optionee owns sufficient shares of Stock of record or in an account in street name to satisfy the option exercise price, and such attestation will be deemed a tender of shares for purposes of this method of exercise. The Company or its authorized representative may accept payment of the Option Price in the form of Optionee's personal check. Payment may also be made by delivery (including by FAX transmission) to the Company of an executed irrevocable option exercise form together with irrevocable instructions to an approved registered investment broker to sell shares in an amount sufficient to pay the exercise price plus any applicable withholding taxes and to transfer the proceeds of such sale to the Company. (b) If required by the Company, by giving satisfactory assurance in writing, signed by Optionee, that such shares are being purchased for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; provided that such assurance shall be deemed inapplicable to (1) any sale of such shares by such Optionee made in accordance with the terms of a registration statement covering such sale, which has heretofore been (or may hereafter be) filed and become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and with respect to which no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof has been issued, and (2) any other sale of such shares with respect to which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such assurance is not required to be given in order to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act. (c) As soon as practicable after receipt of the notice and the assurance described in subparagraphs 7(a) and 7(b), the Company shall, without transfer or issue tax (except for withholding tax arrangements contemplated in paragraph 14 hereof) and without other incidental expense to Optionee, deliver to the Optionee at the office of the Company, McKesson Plaza, One Post Street, San Francisco, California 94104, or such other place as may be mutually acceptable to the Company and Optionee, a certificate or certificates of such shares of Stock; provided, however, that the time of such delivery may be postponed by the Company for such period as 3 may be required for it with reasonable diligence to comply with applicable registration requirements under the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") any applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of such shares. 8. Limitations on Transfer. An Option shall, during Optionee's ----------------------- lifetime, be exercisable only by Optionee. No Option nor any right granted thereunder shall be transferable by Optionee by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. In the event of any attempt by Optionee to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of an Option or of any right thereunder, except as provided herein, or in the event of the levy of any attachment, execution, or similar process upon the rights or interest hereby conferred, the Company at its election may terminate the affected Option by notice to Optionee and the Option shall thereupon become null and void. 9. No Shareholder Rights. Neither Optionee nor any person entitled --------------------- to exercise Optionee's rights in the event of Optionee's death shall have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Stock subject to an Option except to the extent the certificates for such shares shall have been issued upon the exercise of an Option. 10. No Effect on Terms of Employment. Subject to the terms of any -------------------------------- employment contract entered into by the Company and Optionee to the contrary, the Company (or its affiliate which employs him) shall have the right to terminate or change the terms of employment of Optionee at any time and for any reason whatsoever. 11. Notice. Any notice required to be given under the terms of an ------ Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Secretary at McKesson Plaza, One Post Street, San Francisco, California 94104, and any notice to be given to Optionee shall be addressed to him at the address indicated beneath his signature on the Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States. 12. Committee Decisions Conclusive. All decisions of the Committee ------------------------------ upon any questions arising under this Statement of Terms and Conditions or under an Agreement shall be conclusive. 13. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans. Nothing herein contained shall -------------------------------- affect Optionee's right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance, or other employment welfare plan or program offered by the Company. 14. Withholding. Optionee agrees to make appropriate arrangements ----------- with the Company and his employer for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax, withholding requirements or social security requirements. Such arrangements may include an election by Optionee to have the Company retain some portion of the Shares acquired pursuant to exercise of the Option to satisfy such withholding requirements. The election must be made prior to the date on which the amount to be withheld is determined. If a qualifying election is made, then upon exercise of this Option, in whole or in part, the Company will retain the number of shares of stock having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Company be required to issue fractional shares of Stock. The Committee shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 4 15. Successors. Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the ---------- benefit of any successor or successors of the Company. "Optionee" as used herein shall include Optionee's executor, administrator, or other legal representative or the person or persons to whom Optionee's rights under any Option pass by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution. 16. California Law. The interpretation, performance, and enforcement -------------- of all Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. 17. Stock Appreciation Rights. Options may include stock ------------------------- appreciation rights if the grant of such rights is specified in the applicable Agreement. Any stock appreciation rights granted under an Option subject to the Plan shall be subject to the following: (a) On or after the date an Option which includes stock appreciation rights becomes exercisable under paragraphs 4 and 5 hereof, the Optionee may request the Committee in writing to accept the surrender of up to one half of the Shares then exercisable as provided in paragraphs 4 and 5 hereof and to authorize payment in consideration therefor. The amount of such payment shall be equal to the difference obtained by subtracting the Option Price Per Share of the Stock from the per share fair market value of such Stock on the date of surrender multiplied by the number of shares included in the surrendered portion of the Option. Such payment may be made, in the absolute discretion of the Committee, in shares of Stock valued at fair market value (as defined in the Plan) on the date of surrender or in cash, or partly in such shares and partly in cash. (b) The Committee may accept any requested surrender of up to one half of the Shares hereunder at any time, provided, that any such acceptance shall be made in any event prior to the Terminal Date of an Option, or earlier, the date the Option ceases to be exercisable; and provided, however, that Optionee may exercise his right to surrender such Option in exchange for cash or a combination of cash and Stock only during an Authorized Surrender Period. If Optionee is absent from work with the Company or an affiliate because of disability or if Optionee is on leave of absence for the purpose of serving the government of the country in which the principal place of employment of Optionee is located, either in military or civilian capacity, or for such other purpose or reason as the Committee may approve, Optionee shall not be deemed during the period of such absence, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated his employment with the Company or an affiliate, except as the Committee may otherwise expressly provide. (c) Optionee may make the request referred to in this paragraph 17 by giving the Committee written notice of such request, specifying the number of Shares subject to the Option as to which the right to surrender is requested. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Optionee's employment is terminated by reason of retirement, then such Optionee's stock appreciation rights shall not be exercisable after seven (7) months after the date of such retirement or after the Terminal Date, whichever shall first occur. 18. Adjustment of Shares Subject to Option. In the event that the -------------------------------------- Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or share exchange, or other similar corporate transaction or event, affects the Stock such that an adjustment is appropriate in order to preserve (but not increase) the rights of the Optionee, then the Committee shall make such equitable changes or adjustments as it deems necessary or appropriate to (i) the number and kind of Shares issued in respect of an Option and (ii) the Option Price Per Share of an Option. 19. Amendments. This Statement of Terms and Conditions and any ---------- Agreement may be amended at any time by the Committee; provided, that no amendment may adversely affect the Option without the written consent of the Optionee. 5
Exhibit 10.39 McKESSON HBOC, INC. STATEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARES OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANTED PURSUANT TO OUTSIDE THE PLAN III STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN (As amended through January 20, 2000) Unless otherwise stated in an Agreement (as defined herein) the following terms and conditions shall apply to shares of restricted stock ("Restricted Stock") granted under the McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company") Outside the Plan III Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the "Plan") to an employee eligible to participate in the Plan ("Grantee"). 1. Stock Subject to Options. Shares of Restricted Stock granted under the ------------------------ Plan shall be common stock ($0.01 par value) of the Company, subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan. 2. Restricted Stock Agreement. Restricted Stock granted under the Plan -------------------------- shall be evidenced by an agreement ("Agreement") to be executed by the Grantee and the Company setting forth the restrictions, terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock grant. Each Agreement shall incorporate by reference and be subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions set forth herein and the restrictions, terms and conditions of the Plan. 3. Adjusted Awards. Restricted Stock which is designated as an Adjusted --------------- Award (as defined in the Plan) shall remain subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions to which they were subject immediately prior to its becoming an Adjusted Award under the Plan. 4. Rights with Respect to Shares of Restricted Stock. Upon written ------------------------------------------------- acceptance of a grant by a Grantee, including the restrictions and other terms and conditions described in the Plan, the Agreement and herein, the Company shall cause to be issued or transferred to the name of the Grantee a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Restricted Stock granted. The date of issue or transfer of such shares of Restricted Stock on the books of the Company shall be deemed to be the date of grant (the "Date of Grant") of the Restricted Stock for all purposes of the Plan. From and after the Date of Grant, the Grantee shall have absolute ownership of such shares of stock, including the right to vote and to receive dividends thereon, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan, the Agreement and herein. 5. Special Restrictions. Each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan -------------------- shall contain the following terms, conditions and restrictions and such additional terms, conditions and restrictions as may be determined by the Committee; provided, however, that no Restricted Stock grant shall be subject to additional terms, conditions and restrictions which are more favorable to a Grantee than the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth elsewhere in the Plan, the Agreement or herein. (a) Restrictions. Until the restrictions imposed on any Restricted ------------ Stock grant shall lapse, shares of Restricted Stock granted to a Grantee:(i)shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, and (ii) shall, if the Grantee's continuous employment with the Company or any of its affiliates shall terminate for any reason (except as otherwise provided in the Plan) be returned to the Company forthwith, and all the rights of the Grantee to such shares shall immediately terminate. (b) Termination of Employment by Reason of Death, Disability, --------------------------------------------------------- Retirement or Approved Retirement. Notwithstanding any provision contained - --------------------------------- herein or in the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, if a Grantee who has been in the continuous employment of the Company or any of its affiliates since the Date of Grant of a Restricted Stock grant to such Grantee shall, while in such employment, be terminated as a result of death, Disability (as defined in the Company's Short Term Disability Plan), retirement at or after age 65 with at least ten years of service with the Company, or Approved Retirement (as defined in the Company's 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan), then the restrictions imposed on any Restricted Stock grant shall lapse as to all shares of stock granted to such Grantee pursuant to such Restricted Stock grant on the date of such termination. 6. Special Forfeiture and Repayment Rules. Any other provision of this -------------------------------------- Statement of Terms and Conditions to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Committee determines that a Grantee has engaged in any of the actions described in (c) below, the consequences set forth in (a) and (b) below shall result: (a) Any shares of Restricted Stock as to which the restrictions have not lapsed shall immediately and automatically be forfeited and such shares shall be returned to the Company and all of the rights of the Grantee to such shares shall immediately terminate; (b) If the restrictions imposed on any shares of Restricted Stock lapsed within six months prior to the date the Company discovered that the Grantee engaged in any action described in (c) below, the Grantee, upon written notice from the Company, shall immediately pay to the Company the economic value realized or obtained with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock, measured at the date such shares vested. (c) The consequences described in (a) and (b) above shall apply if the Grantee, either before or after termination of employment with the Company or any of its affiliates: (i) discloses to others, or takes or uses for his own purpose or the purpose of others, any trade secrets, confidential information, knowledge, data or know-how belonging to the Company or any of its affiliates and obtained by the Grantee during the term of his employment, whether or not they are the Grantee's work product. Examples of such confidential information or trade secrets include, without limitation, customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost data, computer programs, delivery routes, advertising plans, wage and salary data, financial information, research and development plans, processes, equipment, product information and all other types and categories of information as to which the Grantee knows or has reason to know that the Company or any of its affiliates intends or expects secrecy to be maintained; (ii) fails to promptly return all documents and other tangible items belonging to the Company or any of its affiliates in the Grantee's possession or control, including all complete or partial copies, recordings, abstracts, notes or reproductions of any kind made from or about such documents or information contained therein, upon termination of employment for any reason; (iii) fails to provide the Company with at least thirty (30) days' written notice prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, becoming employed by, or rendering services, advice or assistance to any business in competition with the Company or any of its affiliates. As used herein, "business in competition" means any person, organization or enterprise which is engaged in or is about to become engaged in any line of business engaged in by the Company or any of its affiliates at the time of the termination of the Grantee's employment with the Company or any of its affiliates; (iv) fails to inform any new employer, before accepting employment, of the terms of this section and of the Grantee's continuing obligation to maintain the confidentiality of the trade secrets and other confidential information belonging to the Company or any of its affiliates and obtained by the Grantee during the term of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliates; (v) induces or attempts to induce, directly or indirectly, any of the customers of the Company or any of its affiliates, employees, representatives or consultants to terminate, discontinue or cease working with or for the Company or any of its affiliates, or to breach any contract with the Company or any of its affiliates, in order to work with or for, or enter into a contract with, the Grantee or any third party; or (vi) engages in conduct which is not in good faith and which disrupts, damages, impairs or interferes with the business, reputation or employees of the Company or any of its affiliates. The Committee shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Grantee has engaged in any of the acts set forth in (i) through (vi) above, and its determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons. Any provision of this Section 6 which is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable shall be construed or limited in a manner that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to the business objectives intended by such invalid or unenforceable provision, without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Section 6. 2 7. Election to Recognize Gross Income in the Year of Grant. If any ------------------------------------------------------- Grantee validly elects within thirty (30) days of the date of grant, to include in gross income for federal income tax purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Restricted Stock granted on the Date of Grant, such Grantee shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee to pay to the Company in the year of such grant, any federal, state or local taxes required to be withheld with respect to such shares. If such Grantee shall fail to make such payments, the Company and its affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock. 8. Restrictive Legend; Certificates May be Held in Custody. Each ------------------------------------------------------- certificate evidencing shares of stock granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock grant may bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions described in the Plan and in the instrument evidencing the Restricted Stock grant. Any attempt to dispose of such shares of Restricted Stock in contravention of such terms, conditions and restrictions shall be invalid. The Committee may enact rules which provide that the certificates evidencing such shares may be held in custody by a bank or other institution, or that the Company may itself hold such shares in custody, until restrictions thereon shall have lapsed. 9. Assignability. Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no shares of ------------- Restricted Stock granted under the Plan shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any such attempted action shall be void and no such shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any Grantee or beneficiary. If any Grantee or beneficiary shall become bankrupt or shall attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any shares of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan, then the Committee in its discretion may hold or apply such benefit or interests or any part thereof to or for the benefit of such Grantee or his beneficiary, his spouse, children, blood relatives, or other dependents, or any of them, in such manner and in such proportions as the Committee may consider proper. 10. Designation of Beneficiary. Each Grantee who shall be granted a -------------------------- Restricted Stock grant under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries and may change such designation from time to time by filing a written designation of beneficiaries with the Committee on a form to be prescribed by it; provided, that no such designation shall be effective unless received prior to the death of such Grantee. 11. Restrictions upon Making of Restricted Stock Grants. The registration --------------------------------------------------- or qualification under any federal or state law of any shares of Common Stock to be granted pursuant to Restricted Stock grants or the resale or other disposition of any such shares of Common Stock by or on behalf of a Grantee receiving such shares may be necessary or desirable as a condition of or in connection with such Restricted Stock grants, and, in any such event, if the Committee in its sole discretion so determines, delivery of the certificates for such shares of Common Stock shall not be made until such registration or qualification shall have been completed. 12. Restrictions Upon Resale of Common Stock. If the shares of Common ---------------------------------------- Stock that have been granted to a Grantee pursuant to the terms of the Plan are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"), pursuant to an effective registration statement, such Grantee, if the Committee shall deem it advisable, may be required to represent and agree in writing (i) that any shares of Common Stock acquired by such Grantee pursuant to the Plan will not be sold except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (ii) that such Grantee is acquiring such shares of Common Stock for his or her own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. 13. No Effect on Terms of Employment. Subject to the terms of any -------------------------------- employment contract entered into by the Company and Grantee to the contrary, the Company (or any affiliate of the Company which employs him) shall have the right to terminate or change the terms of employment of Grantee at any time and for any reason whatsoever. 14. Notice. Any notice required to be given under the terms of an ------ Agreement or the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Secretary at McKesson Plaza, One Post Street, San Francisco, California 94104, and any notice to be given to Grantee shall be addressed to him or her at the address indicated beneath his or her signature on the Agreement or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified and deposited (postage or registration or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States. 3 15. Committee Decisions Conclusive. All decisions of the Committee ------------------------------ administering the Plan upon any questions arising under the Plan, under this Statement of Terms and Conditions, or under an Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on Grantees. 16. No Effect on Other Benefit Plans. Nothing herein contained shall -------------------------------- affect Grantee's right to participate in and receive benefits from and in accordance with the then current provisions of any pensions, insurance, or other employment welfare plan or program of the Company. 17. Withholding. Grantee agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the ----------- Company for satisfaction of any applicable federal, state or local income tax withholding requirements or social security requirements. Such arrangements may include an election by Grantee to have the Company retain some portion of the Restricted Stock to satisfy such withholding requirements. The election must be made prior to the date on which the amount to be withheld is determined. If a qualifying election is made, then upon the lapse of restrictions, in whole or in part, the Company will retain the number of shares of stock having a value equal to the amount necessary to satisfy any withholding requirements. Calculation of the number of shares to be withheld shall be made based on the closing price of the Company's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined. In no event, however, shall the Company be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock. The Committee shall be authorized to establish such rules, forms and procedures as it deems necessary to implement the foregoing. 18. Successors. Agreements shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit ---------- of any successor or successors of the Company. "Grantee" as used herein shall include Grantee's executor, administrator, or other legal representative or the person or persons to whom Grantee's rights under any Restricted Stock grant pass by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution. 19. California Law. The interpretation, performance, and enforcement of -------------- the Plan and all Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. 4
EXHIBIT 10.40 Syndicated Revolving Promissory Note Dated as of May 28, 1999 made by McKesson HBOC, Inc. in favor of Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent, and The Other Noteholders Signatory Hereto Banc of America Securities LLC, as Sole Lead Arranger BANK OF AMERICA McKESSON HBOC, INC. SYNDICATED REVOLVING PROMISSORY NOTE $575,000,000 May28,1999 San Francisco, California 1. FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned McKESSON HBOC, INC. (formerly named McKesson Corporation) (the "Company") hereby promises to pay to the order of ------- each of the undersigned banks (each a "Bank" and collectively, the "Banks") the ---- ----- amount of its Note Commitment, or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by such Bank under this revolving promissory note (this "Note"). The undersigned also promises to pay ---- interest on the principal amount of each Loan remaining unpaid hereunder from the date such Loan is made until the date each Loan is paid in full, at the rates and payable as hereinafter set forth. The principal indebtedness evidenced by this Note shall be payable as provided herein, and in any event on the Maturity Date. Subject to Paragraph 11, terms not defined herein or on Exhibit A hereto shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Incorporated - --------- Agreement. Unless otherwise noted, all references herein to paragraphs shall be to paragraphs of this Note, and all references herein to sections shall be to sections of the Incorporated Agreement. 2. The Note Commitments. Each Bank severally agrees, on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to make Loans in United States Dollars to the Company from time to time as requested by the Company in the manner provided by Section 2.3 and 11.2 of the Incorporated Agreement on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the Maturity Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule 1 hereto (such amount, as the same may be reduced ---------- in the manner provided by Section 2.5 of the Incorporated Agreement or as a result of one or more assignments in the manner provided by Section 11.8 of the Incorporated Agreement, such Bank's "Note Commitment"); provided, however, that, --------------- -------- ------- after giving effect to any Borrowing, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans made by any Bank shall not at any time exceed its Note Commitment and the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans made by all Banks shall not at any time exceed the combined Note Commitments. Within the limits of each Bank's Note Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Paragraph 2, prepay in the manner provided by Section 2.6 of the Incorporated Agreement and reborrow under this Paragraph 2. Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced in the manner provided by Section 2.2 of the Incorporated Agreement. 3. Procedure for Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. The Company may irrevocably request Borrowings in the manner provided by Section 2.3 of the Incorporated Agreement (Procedure for Borrowing) and Conversions and Continuations in the manner provided by Section 2.4 (Conversion and Continuation Elections) of the Incorporated Agreement, using a Notice of Borrowing and Notice of Conversion/Continuation substantially similar to the forms of such notices set forth in the Incorporated Agreement but referring to this Note; provided, -------- however, that Loans shall be available in United States Dollars only. Notices - ------- of -1- Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations shall be given, and Loans shall be funded, in the manner provided in the Incorporated Agreement. Notwithstanding the definition of "Interest Period" in the Incorporated Agreement, Interest Periods for Offshore Rate Loans shall not exceed three months. 4. Termination or Reduction of Note Commitments. The Company may reduce or terminate the Note Commitments in the manner provided by Section 2.5 of the Incorporated Agreement (Voluntary Termination or Reduction of Commitments) or prepay Loans in the manner provided by Section 2.6 of the Incorporated Agreement (Optional Prepayments). 5. Repayment. If not sooner paid, the Company agrees to repay to the Agent for payment to the Banks the outstanding principal amount of all Loans outstanding on the Maturity Date. If the aggregate principal amount of all Loans at any time exceeds the combined Note Commitments, the Company shall prepay Loans to the extent necessary so that the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding does not exceed the combined Note Commitments. 6. Interest. (a) Each Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing Date as follows: (i) if a Base Rate Loan, then at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate, and (ii) if an Offshore Rate Loan, then at a rate per annum equal to the Offshore Rate plus the ---- Applicable Margin. Default interest shall be payable at the times and in the amount set forth in Section 2.8 (c) of the Incorporated Agreement. Payment of interest shall be subject to Section 2.8 (d) of the Incorporated Agreement. Interest shall be computed and payable as set forth in the Incorporated Agreement, with the final payment to be made on the Maturity Date. 7. Fees. (a) On June 1, 1999 the Company shall pay an arrangement fee to the Arranger for the Arranger's own account, and shall pay an agency fee to the Agent for the Agent's own account, as required by the letter agreement between the Company and the Arranger and the Agent dated May 24, 1999. (b) The Company shall pay an upfront fee to the Agent for the account of each Bank on June 1, 1999 in the amount set forth below, payable on each Bank's final allocated Note Commitment: Final Allocated Upfront Fee Commitment (in basis points) ------------------------------------------ * $100,000,000 12.5 ** $100,000,000 10.0 (c) The Company shall pay to the Agent for the account of each Bank a facility fee equal to its Pro Rata Share of the Applicable Facility Fee. The facility fee for any period shall be *More than or equal to **Less than -2- equal to the actual daily amount of the combined Note Commitments multiplied by ------------- the Applicable Facility Fee. Such facility fee shall accrue from the Closing Date to the Maturity Date and shall be computed and payable as set forth in the Incorporated Agreement, with the final payment to be made on the Maturity Date; provided that, in connection with any reduction or termination of the Note - -------- ---- Commitments, the accrued facility fee calculated for the period ending on such date shall also be paid on the date of such reduction or termination, with the following quarterly payment being calculated on the basis of the period from such reduction or termination date to such quarterly payment date. If there is any change in the Applicable Facility Fee or Note Commitments during any quarter, the actual daily Note Commitments shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Facility Fee separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Facility Fee and Note Commitments was in effect. The facility fee provided in this paragraph shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date, including at any time during which one or more conditions set forth or referred to in Paragraph 9 are not met. 8. Computation of Fees and Interest; Payment; Sharing Payments. Fees and interest hereunder shall be calculated in the same manner as provided by Section 2.10 of the Incorporated Agreement (Computation of Fees and Interest) and payment shall be made by the Company, the Agent and the Banks in the manner as provided by Section 2.11 (Payments by the Company) and 2.12 (Payments by the Banks to the Agent) of the Incorporated Agreement. The Banks shall comply with Section 2.13 of the Incorporated Agreement (Sharing of Payments, Etc.). 9. (a) Conditions Precedent to Initial Loans. Notwithstanding Section 4.1 of the Incorporated Agreement, the obligation of each Bank to make its initial Loan hereunder is subject to the condition that the Agent have received on or before the date the initial Loan is made, but not later than 15 days after the date hereof, all the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and each Bank, and in sufficient copies for each Bank: (i) Note. This Note executed by the Company and each Bank and, if requested by any Bank, a separate promissory note executed by the Company in favor of such Bank; (ii) Resolutions; Incumbency. (A) Copies of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company authorizing the transactions contemplated hereby, certified as of the Closing Date by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company; and (B) A certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to execute, deliver and perform, as applicable, this Note, and all other documents to be delivered by it hereunder; (iii) Legal Opinion. An opinion of Ivan D. Meyerson, Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, addressed to the Agent and the Banks, -3- substantially in the form of Exhibit D to the Incorporated Agreement, modified to refer to this Note; (iv) Payment of Fees. Evidence of payment by the Company of all accrued and unpaid fees, costs and expenses to the extent then due and payable on the Closing Date, including any such costs, fees and expenses arising under or referenced in Paragraph 7; (v) Company Certificate. A certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the type referred to in Section 4.1 (f) of the Incorporated Agreement; and (vi) Other Documents. Such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as any Bank or the Agent reasonably may request. (b) Conditions to All Borrowings. The obligation of each Bank to make any Loan to be made by it (including its initial Loan) or to continue or convert any Loan under Paragraph 3 is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent on the relevant Borrowing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date set forth in Section 4.2 of the Incorporated Agreement. 10. Events of Default. (a) Any of the following shall constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder: (i) The Company fails to pay, (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within 5 days after the same becomes due, any interest, fee or any other amount payable by the Company hereunder; or (ii) Any representation or warranty by the Company made or deemed made herein, or which is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement by the Company or any Responsible Officer, furnished at any time under this Note is incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or (iii) The Company fails to perform or observe any covenant, undertaking or agreement incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Paragraph 11 of this Note, subject to any grace period or notice requirements set forth in the Incorporated Agreement; or (iv) The Company fails to perform or observe any other term or covenant contained in this Note, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 20 days after the earlier of (i) the date upon which a Responsible Officer knew of such failure or (ii) the date upon which written notice thereof is given to the Company by the Agent or any Bank; or (v) The occurrence of any Event of Default as defined in the Incorporated Agreement. -4- (b) Remedies. If any Event of Default occurs, the Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Majority Banks, (i) declare the commitment of each Bank to make Loans hereunder to be terminated, whereupon such commitments shall be terminated; (ii) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable under this Note to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Company; and (iii) exercise on behalf of itself and the Banks all rights and remedies available to it and the Banks under this Note, the Incorporated Agreement or applicable law; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any event specified in subsection - -------- ------- (f) or (g) of Section 9.1 of the Incorporated Agreement (in the case of clause (i) of subsection (g) upon the expiration of the 60-day period mentioned therein), the obligation of each Bank to make Loans shall automatically terminate and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Agent or any Bank. (c) Rights Not Exclusive. The rights provided for in this Note are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights, powers, privileges or remedies provided by law or in equity, or under any other instrument, document or agreement now existing or hereafter arising. 11. Incorporation of Incorporated Agreement Provisions. (a) Except as otherwise provided or defined herein, all definitions, representations and warranties, covenants, cost reimbursement provisions, indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Incorporated Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference, and the parties hereto shall be bound thereby as if set forth in full herein; provided, however, that all references in such provisions -------- ------- to "Agreement," "Loan Document," "Agent," "Banks," "Borrower," "Company," "Facility B Commitments," "Loans," "Obligations" and other terms, shall be deemed to refer mutatis mutandis to this Note, the Agent hereunder, the Banks hereunder, the Company, the Note Commitments, the Loans hereunder, the Obligations of Company hereunder and to analogous terms contained herein. (b) Section 2.1 (Amounts and Term of Commitments), 2.7 (Repayments), 2.14 (Optional Increase in Commitments), 2.15 (Conversion of Facility B Loans to Term Loans), 2.16 (Utilization of Facility A Commitments in Canadian Dollars), 2.17 (Currency Exchange Fluctuations), 2.18 (Bankers' Acceptances for Medis), 2.19(Replacement of a Bank) and Article VIII (The Company's Guaranty of Medis' Obligations) of the Incorporated Agreement and Schedules 2.1 and exhibits D-2, F-2, F-3, G, H-1 and H-2 to the Incorporated Agreement shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in, or otherwise applicable to, this Note. References to -5- Schedule 2.1 in the Incorporated Agreement shall be deemed a reference to Schedule 1 hereto. All references to Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Administrative Agent, Canadian Participants, Term Loans and documentation agents are not incorporated herein. (c) All sections of the Incorporated Agreement incorporated herein or referred to herein shall mean the Incorporated Agreement as amended, restated or waived from time to time; provided, however, that a waiver of a Default or Event -------- ------- of Default (as defined in the Incorporated Agreement) occurring under any provision of the Incorporate Agreement will not operate to waive a Default or Event of Default occurring hereunder by reason such provision being incorporated herein by reference without the express separate consent of the Majority Banks or all Banks, as required by Section 11.1 of the Incorporated Agreement (Amendments and Waivers), hereunder. If the Incorporated Agreement is terminated, references herein to the Incorporated Agreement shall mean any new agreement agreed upon by the Banks and the Company at such time or, failing such agreement, to the Incorporated Agreement as in effect immediately prior to such termination. (d) To the extent the Company delivers documents and certificates under the Incorporated Agreement, they shall deemed delivered hereunder. 12. Use of Proceeds. Proceeds of the Loans shall be used for general corporate purposes, including refinancing existing indebtedness. 13. Miscellaneous. (a) This Note may be executed in one or more counterparts, and each counterpart, when so executed, shall be deemed an original but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. This Note shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the execution hereof by each of the Company, all Banks and the Agent and delivery of the same to the Agent. (b) THIS NOTE SHALL BE DELIVERED TO AND ACCEPTED BY THE AGENT AND THE BANKS IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AND SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LOCAL LAWS THEREOF. 14. Successors and Assign; SPC. (a) This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Banks, the Agent, the Company and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Company may not assign or transfer any of its respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all the Banks. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Bank (a "Granting Lender") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an "SPC") of --------------- --- such Granting Lender, identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Agent and the Company, the option to provide to the Company all or part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower hereunder, provided that (i) -------- -6- nothing herein shall constitute a commitment to make any Loan by and SPC and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Note Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by the Granting Lender. The Company and each Bank agree that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Note (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Bank). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees, which agreement shall survive the termination of this Note, that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the later of (i) the payment in full of all outstanding senior indebtedness of any SPC it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or similar proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Paragraph, any SPC may (i) with notice, but without prior written consent of, the Company or the Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to its Granting Lender or to any financial institutions providing liquidity and/or credit facilities to or for the account of such SPC to fund the Loans made by such SPC or to support the securities (if any) issued by such SPC to fund such Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of a surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. In no event shall the Company be obligated to pay to an SPC that has made a Loan any greater amount than the Company would have been obligated to pay under this Note if the Granting Lender had made such a Loan. This Paragraph may not be amended without the written consent of the Granting Bank. No SPC shall have any voting rights under this Note. -7- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Note to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. By: /s/ Nicholas A. Loiacono --------------------------------- Name: Nicholas A. Loiacono -------------------------------- Title: Vice President, Finance ------------------------------- and Treasurer ------------------------------- By: /s/ Lincoln K. Walworth ---------------------------------- Name: Lincoln K. Walworth -------------------------------- Title: Assistant Treasurer ------------------------------- Noteholders: Agreed and Accepted: BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent By: --------------------------------- Gina Meador Vice President (Signatures continue) S-1- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Note to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. By:_________________________________ Name: ______________________________ Title: _____________________________ By:_________________________________ Name: ______________________________ Title: _____________________________ Noteholders: Agreed and Accepted: BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent By: /s/ Gina Meador ------------------------------- Gina Meador Vice President (Signatures continue) S-1 BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as a Bank By: /s/ Vanessa Sheh Meyer --------------------------------- Vanessa Sheh Meyer Managing Director S-2 Intentionally left blank S-3 THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO By: /s/ ----------------------------- Title: Executive Vice President -------------------------- S-4- FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK By: /s/ John E. Reid -------------------------------- Title: Vice President ----------------------------- S-5 MELLON BANK, N.A. By: /s/ -------------------------------- Title: Vice President ----------------------------- S-6- TORONTO DOMINION (TEXAS), INC. By: /s/ Alva J. Jones -------------------------------- Title: Vice President ----------------------------- S-7- EXHIBIT A CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Subject to Paragraph 11, except as otherwise defined the Note to which this Exhibit A is attached or in the Incorporated Agreement, as used in this Note, the following terms have the following meanings: Applicable Facility Fee: on any date (subject to clauses (b) through (d) of the - ----------------------- definition of "Applicable Rating Level" in the Incorporated Agreement), the applicable fee (in basis points) set forth below based on the Applicable Rating Level on such date: Applicable Applicable Facility Rating Level Fee (in basis points) ----------------------------------------------- Level I 10.0 Level II 12.5 Level III 15.0 Level IV 20.0 Level V 25.0 Level VI 30.0 Applicable Margin: on any date and with respect to each Offshore Rate Loan ----------------- (subject to clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of "Applicable Rating Level" in the Incorporated Agreement), the applicable margin (in basis points) set forth below based on the type of Loan and the Applicable Rating Level on such date: Applicable Applicable Margin Rating Level Fee (in basis points) ----------------------------------------------- Level I 40.0 Level II 50.0 Level III 72.5 Level IV 92.5 Level V 112.5 Level VI 145.0 Arranger: Banc of America Securities LLC. - -------- Closing Date: May 28,1999. - ------------ A-1 Default: any event that, with the giving of any applicable notice or - ------- passage of time specified in Paragraph 10 of the Note, or both, would be an Event of Default. Incorporated that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 1998, Agreement: as amended from time to time, among the Company, Medis Health - ---------- and Pharmaceutical Services Inc., the banks from time to time party thereto, Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association as agent, Bank of America Canada, as Canadian administrative agent, and The Chase Manhattan Bank, First Union National Bank and The First National Bank of Chicago, as documentation agents. Majority Banks: at any time Banks then holding more than 50% of the then - --------------- aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans, or, if no such principle amount is then outstanding, Banks then having more than 50% of the Note Commitments. Maturity Date: October 29, 1999. - -------------- Note Commitment: as to each Bank, the meaning specified in Paragraph 2, and - --------------- "Note Commitments" means the aggregate amount of the Note ---------------- Commitments for each Bank in effect on such date. Pro Rata Share: as to each Bank, the amount set forth under "Pro Rata Share" - -------------- on Schedule 1 hereto. A-2 SCHEDULE 1 NOTE COMMITMENTS AND PRO RATA SHARES Bank Note Commitment Pro Rata Share Bank of America National Trust $175,000,000 30.4347826% and Savings Association First Union National Bank $125,000,000 21.7391304% The First National Bank of $100,000,000 17.3913043% Chicago Toronto Dominion (Texas), Inc. $100,000,000 17.3913043% Mellon Bank, N.A. $ 75,000,000 13.0434783% ============ =========== Total $575,000,000 100.0000000% -1-
EXHIBIT 10.41 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT -------------------- THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of June 21, 1999 (the "Effective Date"), by and between McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Post Street, San Francisco, California, and Graham O. King ("Executive"). RECITALS -------- A. The Company, in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and B. The Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the ---------- Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment ----------------------------- hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as President, Information Technology Business ("ITB") of the Company or in such other senior corporate executive capacity or capacities as may be mutually agreed upon from time to time between Executive and the Chief Executive Officer or either of the Co-Chief Executive Officers, as the case may be, of the Company (either, hereinafter referred to as the "Chief Executive Officer"). 3. Term and Duties. (a) Term of Employment. The term of this Agreement shall be deemed to have ------------------ commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until the earlier of (i) March 31, 2004, or (ii) the date that Executive shall have been granted "Approved Retirement status under the Company's 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan ("EBRP"). (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for ------ illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote his best efforts and all his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"); provided, however, that, with the approval of the Chief -------- ------- Executive Officer, Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in such officer's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement. (c) Place of Performance. So long as Executive shall be President, ITB, -------------------- he shall provide his services primarily at the headquarters of the ITB, presently located in the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be under no obligation throughout the term of this Agreement to relocate his permanent residences, presently located in Hinsdale, Illinois and Jupiter, Florida. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits. ---------------------------------------------------------- (a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive ------------ shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Five Hundred Eighty Thousand Dollars ($580,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in subparagraph (c) below), for each of the Company's fiscal years ending during the term of this Agreement, Executive's Individual Target Award shall be 75% of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse ------------------------- Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the performance of his obligations hereunder. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such living and entertainment assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. (c) Other Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to receive all other -------------- benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company's executive management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, 2 group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, 1989 Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), EBRP, 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan ("ESBP"), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner or in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder. (d) EBRP and ESBP. With respect to Executive's participation in the EBRP ------------- and ESBP, Executive shall be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan, provided, however, that, in the event Executive's -------- ------- performance regarding the rebuilding of ITB and the development of a successor is satisfactory to the Chief Executive Officer (the "Accomplishment of ITB Rebuilding and Development"), management shall recommend to the Board that Executive be granted "Approved Retirement" status pursuant to the EBRP and the ESBP; provided, further, that, if -------- ------- Executive accrues five years of actual service credit pursuant to the EBRP and the ESBP (regardless of having earlier been granted "Approved Retirement" status, Executive shall be granted additional service credit thereunder for prior service with US Servis and HBO & Company. Executive and the Chief Executive Officer will work together in the future to establish objective criteria by which Executive may be judged to have achieved the Accomplishment of ITB Rebuilding and Development. In the event Executive (a) resigns as President of ITB following the grant of Approved Retirement status and (b) otherwise remains employed by the Company in a mutually agreed upon position, for purposes of the EBRP and the ESBP only, the EBRP and ESBP benefits payable to Executive upon termination of employment shall be calculated based upon the Executive's compensation at the time of Executive's resignation as President, ITB. 5. Initial Incentive Grants. Executive shall receive the following initial ------------------------ incentive awards specified in subparagraphs (a) and (b) below: (a) Retention Bonus. The Company shall pay Executive a special, one-time --------------- bonus of Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000.00), payable in two installments of $1,250,000.00 each on (i) as soon as practicable following execution of this Agreement, and (ii) the anniversary of the Effective Date, provided Executive is employed on such dates or his employment terminates earlier as a result of his death, disability, a termination by the Company other than for Cause (as defined in Paragraph 8(a)) or a termination by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Paragraph 8(d)(iv)). This bonus is not to be construed as a salary type payment but rather a retention payment. (b) Stock Options. Executive will be granted on or about August 16, 1999, ------------- a non-qualified stock option to purchase One Million (1,000,000) shares of the Company's common stock, at a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant (the "Grant 3 Date"), which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) on the second anniversary of the Grant Date, seventy-five percent (75%) on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and one hundred percent (100%) on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the option granted pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall vest if and at such time as Executive is granted "Approved Retirement" status under the EBRP, as is contemplated in Section 4(d). If Executive's employment is terminated by either party for any reason other than for Cause, such option shall be exercisable, to the extent it is vested on the date of termination or becomes vested thereafter pursuant to Section 8(d)(iii)(D), for a period of thirty-six (36) months following the later of termination of Executive's employment or the vesting of such option. Such option will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement). 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. ----------------------------------------- (a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of this Agreement, Executive ------------------- shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the term -------------- of this Agreement, Executive's salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive's surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive's designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive's death occurs. Thereafter, all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. The provisions of this Section 6 shall not affect any ----------- rights of Executive's heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, ESBP, Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. ---------------------------------------------------- (a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the term of his -------------- employment hereunder, and for the "Restricted Period" (as hereinafter defined) thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company for any reason, he will not, within the United States, participate, engage or have any interest in, directly or indirectly, any person, firm, corporation, or business (whether as an employee, officer, director, agent, creditor, or consultant or in any capacity which calls for the rendering of personal services, advice, acts of 4 management, operation or control) which carries on any business or activity competitive with the Company or any affiliated company (including, without limitation, any products or services sold, investigated, developed or otherwise pursued by the Company or any affiliated company at any time or from time to time) without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer. For purposes of this Paragraph 7, the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) one (1) year (two (2) years when the term is used in Paragraph 7(d)) following termination of Executive's employment for any reason or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 7(a) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges -------------------------------------------- and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information (as defined in subparagraph (c) hereof), of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company either during or after the term of this Agreement. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company's business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company's or the affiliated company's premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, -------------------------------- "Confidential Information" means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, or the Company's or any of its affiliated company's customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, 5 system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development by the Company or any of its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive, (B) was available to him on a non-confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its agents, creditors, suppliers, lessors, lessees or customers. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is --------------- essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from: (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (iii) soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of his employment hereunder, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (x) hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; and (y) solicit, aid in or encourage the solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, service, or contact any person or entity which is, or was, within three years prior to the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company of any of its affiliated companies. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or ----------------- threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material 6 breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. (f) Blue-Penciling. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the -------------- noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions contained herein are reasonable and valid in geographic, temporal and subject matter scope and in all other respects, and do not impose limitations greater than are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other business interests of the Company. Nevertheless, if any court determines that any of said noncompetition and other restrictive covenants and agreements, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 8. Termination. (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the --------- Company may, without liability, terminate Executive's employment hereunder for Cause at any time upon written notice from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company's obligations hereunder (other than the obligation to pay any accrued salary or benefits) shall cease and terminate; provided, however, that such written notice shall not be delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, if curable, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. As used herein, the term "Cause" shall mean (i) Executive's willful misconduct, habitual neglect, dishonesty or other intentional actions (or failures to act) which are materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (ii) a material breach by Executive of one or more terms of this Agreement. (b) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a termination ------------------------------------- for Cause pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, the Company shall continue to pay Executive's then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company's action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9(d) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to this subparagraph 8(b), following termination of employment. (c) Other than for Cause; Performance, Reorganization. Notwithstanding ------------------------------------------------- anything herein to the contrary, the Company may also terminate Executive's employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Chief Executive Officer, 7 provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Chief Executive Officer, (ii) should Executive's position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or (iii) for any other reason or reasons. (d) Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(a) above and the Company's action is affirmed as specified in subparagraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in subparagraph (d)(iii)), then all of the Company's obligations hereunder (other than the obligation to pay any accrued salary or benefits) shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive's rights, if any, under the Company's employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, termination by Executive without Good Reason shall not affect Executive rights with regard to vested options. ii) In the event that Executive shall terminate his employment for any reason after Executive shall have been granted "Approved Retirement" status under the EBRP, as is contemplated in Section 4(d), Executive shall be eligible for the continuation of health benefits as are described in Section 8(d)(iii)(C). This provision will survive the termination of this Agreement. iii) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(c) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason prior to the expiration of this Agreement, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company's Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder, the Company shall, provided Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof, and except as provided in Paragraph 9(c) below, (A) continue Executive's then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the term of this Agreement, provided, however, that the Company's obligation to make such salary payments shall be reduced by any compensation received by Executive from a subsequent employer during such term, (B) consider Executive for a bonus under the terms of the Company's MIP for the fiscal year in which termination occurs (but not for any subsequent year) provided that any such bonus, if earned, shall be pro-rated to reflect the portion of the year for which Executive was 8 actively employed, (C) continue Executive's automobile allowance, financial planning allowance, and Executive Medical Plan benefits until the expiration date of this Agreement, provided, however, that Executive may thereafter elect to -------- ------- continue his Executive Medical Plan benefits (or, at his choice, any lesser medical coverage offered by the Company at the time of termination) by paying the Company's actual cost for said benefit, (D) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive's rights, benefits and existing awards for the remainder of the term of this Agreement for purposes of the EBRP, ESBP and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), provided, however, that -------- ------- (unless the Board, or any duly authorized Committee, in its sole discretion, determines otherwise) Executive shall in no event receive or be entitled either to additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of termination, or "Approved Retirement" status, under the foregoing plans, and (E) terminate Executive's participation in the Company's tax- qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. iv) For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive's functions, duties, or responsibilities as President, Information Technology Business, which changes would cause Executive's position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date; (B) any reduction in Executive's base salary, other than a reduction effect as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executives of the Company; (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the requirement made by the Company that Executive change his manner of performing his responsibilities so as to require a change in his residence; (E) a removal of the principal place of business of the ITB to a place more than 1,000 miles from Chicago, Illinois; (F) a Change of Control; or (G) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company. v) a "Change of Control shall have been deemed to have occurred if at any time during the term of the Agreement: (A) the Company sells. or otherwise disposes of substantially all of the assets of the ITB or a majority of the equity ownership or voting control of any corporation or other entity holding substantially all of the assets of the ITB in a single transaction or series of related transactions, or (B)(i) any "person" (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries or a trustee or any fiduciary holding securities under 9 an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, acquires securities representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; (ii) during any period of not more than two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors of the Company and any new director whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other Company, other than (a) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent, in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (b) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person acquires more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; or (iv) the stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of subsection (B) of this paragraph, (i) as a result of the consummation of any transaction occurring prior to the date of the Agreement, or (ii) if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which, in the judgement of the Compensation Committee of the Board, the holders of the Company's Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions. 9. General Provisions. (a) Executive's rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. 10 (b) This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement of even date herewith and the Indemnification Agreement dated August 25, 1999) and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties with regard to such employment. To the extent that the terms of Section 13(b) of the Termination Agreement are inconsistent with the provisions of this subsection (b), this subsection (b) shall control. (c) In the event Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate under circumstances otherwise providing Executive with a right to benefits under both Section 5 of the Termination Agreement and Paragraph 8(d)(iii) of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the benefits provided therein or herein, ------- calculated individually, without duplication. The obligation of the Employee to remain in the employ of the Company as set forth in Section 2 of the Termination Agreement shall relate only to potential benefits to be derived under the Termination Agreement and in no case shall be deemed to effect or limit any rights or obligations that Employee shall have under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Employee (which rights and obligations shall be governed solely by the provisions of such agreements) other than the Termination Agreement. (d) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph in connection with any termination of Executive's employment shall take place in San Francisco, California at the earliest possible date. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements, not to exceed in the aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. (e) Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that, in the event the benefits provided hereunder are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (i) Executive shall be responsible for and (ii) Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payment from the Company for any Federal, state, and local income and employment taxes, interest or penalties that may arise in connection with such benefits. (f) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of 11 competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. (g) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. (h) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. (i) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive from all legal fees and expenses of counsel arising out of or incurred in connection with any claims, by or on behalf of, or against, SMS under that certain Employment Agreement dated January 10, 1991 between SMS and Executive, that certain Separation Agreement dated as of November 30, 1993 or otherwise, arising as a result of Executive's employment with the Company or actions taken by Executive in connection therewith. Expenses incurred by Executive in connection with any claim for indemnification shall be paid by the Company in advance upon the written request of Executive. Executive shall reimburse the Company for such expenses in the event and only to the extent that it shall be ultimately determined that Executive is not entitled under applicable state law to be indemnified for such expenses. (j) This Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. (k) The waiver by either party hereto of any right hereunder or of any failure to perform or breach by the other party hereto shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other failure or breach by the other party hereto, whether of the same or a similar nature or otherwise. No waiver shall be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in a writing executed by or on behalf of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to any act other than that specifically waived. (signature page follows) 12 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation By /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson -------------------------- Senior Vice President ATTEST: /s/ Kristina Veaco - ----------------------- Assistant Secretary /s/ Graham O. King ------------------ Executive By the Authority of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc. on July 6, 1999.
Exhibit 10.42 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT -------------------- THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of August 1, 1999 (the "Effective Date"), by and between McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Post Street, San Francisco, California, and Paul Julian ("Executive"). RECITALS -------- A. The Company, in its business, develops and uses certain Confidential Information (as defined in Paragraph 7(c) below). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and B. The Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the ---------- Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment ----------------------------- hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as [President, Medical Group] of the Company or in such other senior corporate executive capacity or capacities as may be specified from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer or either of the Co-Chief Executive Officers, as the case may be, of the Company (either, hereinafter referred to as the "Chief Executive Officer"). 3. Term and Duties. --------------- a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive's employment under this ------------------ Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2002. b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for ------ illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote his best efforts and all his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of Page 1 the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"); provided, however, -------- ------- that, with the approval of the Chief Executive Officer, Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in such officer's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement. The Company shall retain full direction and control of the means and methods by which Executive performs the services for which he is employed hereunder. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the Commonwealth of Virginia, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board, but are to be rendered primarily at the headquarters of the Company's General Medical subsidiary in Richmond, Virginia. Unless and until otherwise mutually agreed to between the Company and Executive, Executive shall be at liberty to maintain his residence in Richmond, Virginia. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits. ---------------------------------------------------------- a) Compensation. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive ------------ shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments (in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices for senior executive officers), at the rate of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($350,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be awarded to him yearly by the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). For purposes of the MIP (as defined in subparagraph (c) below), for each of the Company's fiscal years ending during the term of this Agreement, Executive's Individual Target Award shall be 60% of his base salary for the applicable Year (as defined in the MIP). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from the Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per month during the term of this Agreement. b) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive, ------------------------- in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations hereunder. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. c) Other Benefits. During the period of his employment hereunder, Executive -------------- shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company's senior management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company's Profit- Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, 1989 Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan ("EBRP"), 1988 Executive Page 2 Survivor Benefits Plan ("ESBP"), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner or in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder. 5. Stock Options. On or about August 16, 1999, Executive will be granted a ------------- non-qualified stock option to purchase Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) shares of the Company's common stock, at a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the date of grant (the "Grant Date"), which option will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) on the second anniversary of the Grant Date, seventy-five percent (75%) on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and one hundred percent (100%) on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. Such option will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement). 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. ----------------------------------------- a) Disability Benefits. If, during the term of this Agreement, Executive ------------------- shall be prevented from properly performing services hereunder by reason of his illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of such disability; or, if less, for a period of (12) calendar months, at which time the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the term -------------- of this Agreement, Executive's salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive's surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive's designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following the end of the calendar month in which Executive's death occurs. Thereafter, all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. c) Other Plans. The provisions of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect any ----------- rights of Executive's heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, ESBP, Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. ---------------------------------------------------- a) Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the term of his employment -------------- hereunder, and for the "Restricted Period" (as hereinafter defined) thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company for any reason, he will not, within the United States, participate, engage or have any interest in, directly or indirectly, any person, firm, corporation, or business (whether as an employee, officer, director, agent, creditor, or consultant or in any capacity which calls for the rendering of personal services, advice, acts of management, operation or control) which carries on any business or Page 3 activity competitive with the Company or any affiliated company (including, without limitation, any products or services sold, investigated, developed or otherwise pursued by the Company or any affiliated company at any time or from time to time) without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(a), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) one (1) year following termination of Executive's employment for any reason or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 7(a) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges ------------------------------------------- and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment Executive will have produced and/or have access to Confidential Information (as defined in subparagraph (c) hereof), of the Company and its affiliated companies, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any of such confidential or proprietary information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with the Company. Executive promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company either during or after the term of this Agreement. Therefore, during and subsequent to his employment by the Company and its affiliated companies, Executive agrees to hold in confidence and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such information, except to the extent expressly authorized by the Company in writing or as required by law. All records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to the Company's business, or the business of any of its affiliated companies, which Executive shall prepare, use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of the Company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company's or the affiliated company's premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment with the Company and its affiliated companies. This paragraph 7(b) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, -------------------------------- "Confidential Information" means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, or the Company's or any of its affiliated company's customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company and its affiliated companies, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of the Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company and its affiliated companies, (iii) all customer and supplier lists of the Company and its affiliated companies, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development by the Company or any of its affiliated companies or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies which was fur- Page 4 nished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive, (B) was available to him on a non- confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its agents, creditors, suppliers, lessors, lessees or customers. d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is --------------- essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company and its affiliated companies that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies from: (i) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; (ii) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; or (iii) soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of his employment hereunder, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (x) hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company or any of its affiliated companies, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliated companies; and (y) solicit, aid in or encourage the solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, service, or contact any person or entity which is, or was, within three years prior to the termination of Executive's employment with the Company and its affiliated companies, a customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliated companies for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company of any of its affiliated companies. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be the longer of (i) two (2) years following termination of Executive's employment for any reason or (ii) the period during which Executive is receiving salary continuation payments hereunder. This Paragraph 7(d) shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or ----------------- threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. f) Blue-Penciling. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the -------------- noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions contained herein are reasonable and valid in geographic, temporal and subject matter scope and in all other respects, and do not impose limitations greater than are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information and other business interests of the Company. Nevertheless, if any court determines that any of said noncompetition and other restrictive covenants and agreements, or any part thereof, is unen- Page 5 forceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 8. Termination. ----------- a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company --------- may, without liability, terminate Executive's employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below) at any time upon written notice from the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such Cause, and thereafter, the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate; provided, however, that such written notice shall not be -------- ------- delivered until after the Board (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such Cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, if curable, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. As used herein, the term "Cause" shall mean (i) Executive's willful misconduct, habitual neglect or dishonesty with respect to matters involving the Company or its subsidiaries which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (ii) a material breach by Executive of one or more terms of this Agreement. b) Arbitration Required to Confirm Cause. In the event of a termination ------------------------------------- for Cause pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, the Company shall continue to pay Executive's then current compensation as specified in this Agreement until the issuance of an arbitration award affirming the Company's action. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9(d) below. In the event the award upholds the action of the Company, Executive shall promptly repay to the Company any sums received pursuant to this subparagraph 8(b), following termination of employment. c) Other than for Cause; Performance, Reorganization. Notwithstanding ------------------------------------------------- anything herein to the contrary, the Company may also terminate Executive's employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of the Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) (i) should Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Chief Executive Officer, provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Chief Executive Officer, (ii) should Executive's position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of the Company or any of its affiliated companies or (iii) for any other reason or reasons. d) Obligations of the Company on Termination of Employment. ------------------------------------------------------- (i) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(a) above and the Company's action is affirmed as specified in subparagraph 8(b) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company other than for Good Reason (as defined in subparagraph (d)(iii)), then all of the Company's obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no Page 6 further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from the Company whatsoever, and Executive's rights, if any, under the Company's employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans; (ii) If the Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(c) above or Executive terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason prior to the expiration of this Agreement, then in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to the Company's Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder equal or exceed those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder, the Company shall, provided Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof, and except as provided in Paragraph 9(c) below, (A) continue Executive's then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the term of this Agreement, provided, however, that -------- ------- the Company's obligation to make such salary payments shall be reduced by any compensation received by Executive from a subsequent employer during such term, (B) consider Executive for a bonus under the terms of the Company's MIP for the fiscal year in which termination occurs (but not for any subsequent year) provided that any such bonus, if earned, shall be pro-rated to reflect the portion of the year for which Executive was actively employed, (C) continue Executive's automobile allowance and Executive Medical Plan benefits until the expiration date of this Agreement, (D) subject to the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto), continue the accrual and vesting of Executive's rights, benefits and existing awards for the remainder of the term of this Agreement for purposes of the EBRP, ESBP, and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any other similar plan or arrangement), provided, however, that (unless the -------- ------- Board, or any duly authorized Committee, in its sole discretion, determines otherwise) Executive shall in no event receive or be entitled either to additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of termination, or "Approved Retirement" status, under the foregoing plans, and (E) terminate Executive's participation in the Company's tax-qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. (iii) For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean any of the following actions, if taken without the express written consent of Executive, (A) any material change by the Company in Executive's functions, duties or responsibilities as President, Medical Group, which change would cause Executive's position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance, or scope as compared to the position and attributes that applied to Executive as of the Effective Date; (B) any reduction in Executive's base salary, other than a proportional reduction effected as part of an across-the-board reduction affecting all executive employees of the Company; (C) any material failure by the Company to comply with any of the provisions of the Agreement; (D) the Company's requiring Executive to be based at any office or location more than 25 miles from the office at which Executive is based as of the Effective Date, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of Executive's Page 7 responsibilities; or (E) any failure by the Company to obtain the express assumption of the Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company. 9. General Provisions. ------------------ a) Executive's rights and obligations hereunder shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. b) This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement between the parties of even date herewith) and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by the Company. This Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties. c) In the event Executive's employment with the Company shall terminate under circumstances otherwise providing Executive with a right to benefits under both Section 5 of the Termination Agreement and Paragraph 8(d)(ii) of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater of the benefits provided therein or herein, calculated ------- individually, without duplication. d) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, other than any dispute, controversy claim or breach arising under Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph in connection with any termination of Executive's employment shall take place in San Francisco, California at the earliest possible date. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements, not to exceed in the aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. e) Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that, in the event the benefits provided hereunder are subject to the excise tax provision set forth in Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (i) Executive shall be responsible for and (ii) Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payment from the Company for any Federal, state, and local income and employment taxes, interest or penalties that may arise in connection with such benefits. Page 8 f) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part hereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts hereof and the applicability hereof shall not be affected thereby. g) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument executed by the Company and Executive. h) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation By /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson -------------------------------- Senior Vice President ATTEST: /s/ Kristina Veaco /s/ Paul Julian - ------------------------------- ----------------------------------- Assistant Secretary Executive By the Authority of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc. on July 6, 1999. Page 9
Exhibit 10.43 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT -------------------- THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of March 31, 1999 by and between McKesson HBOC, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its principal office at One Post Street, San Francisco, California, and Mark T. Majeske ("Executive"). R E C I T A L S - - - - - - - - A. The Company, in its business, develops and uses certain trade secrets, pricing and marketing strategies, new products, customer lists, computer software, and other confidential and proprietary information and data (as hereinafter defined, "Confidential Information"). Such Confidential Information will necessarily be communicated to or acquired by Executive by virtue of his employment with the Company, and the Company has spent time, effort and money to develop such Confidential Information and to promote and increase its goodwill; and B. The Company desires to retain the services of, and employ, Executive on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliated companies for the period provided in this Agreement and, in so doing, to protect its Confidential Information and goodwill, and Executive is willing to accept employment by the Company on a full-time basis for such period, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Employment ---------- Agreement, the Company agrees to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept employment from, and remain in the employ of, the Company for the period stated in Paragraph 3 hereof. 2. Position and Responsibilities. During the period of his employment ----------------------------- hereunder, Executive agrees to serve the Company, and the Company shall employ Executive, as Senior Vice President and President, Customer Operations or in such other senior corporate executive capacity or capacities as may be specified from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 3. Term and Duties. --------------- (a) Term of Employment. The period of Executive's employment under this ------------------ Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of this Agreement and shall continue until March 31, 2003. (b) Duties. During the period of his employment hereunder and except for ------ illness, reasonable vacation periods, and reasonable leaves of absence, Executive shall devote his best efforts and all his business time, attention, skill and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its affiliated companies, as such business and affairs now exist and as they may be hereafter changed or added to, under and pursuant to the general direction of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that, -------- ------- -1- with the approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Executive may serve, or continue to serve, on the boards of directors of, hold any other offices or positions in, companies or organizations which, in such officer's judgment, will not present any conflict of interest with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or divisions, or materially affect the performance of Executive's duties pursuant to this Agreement. The Company shall retain full direction and control of the means and methods by which Executive performs the services for which he is employed hereunder. The services which are to be employed by Executive hereunder are to be rendered in the State of Illinois, or in such other place or places in the United States or elsewhere as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company, but are to be rendered primarily at the Company's principal place of business in the State of Illinois. Unless and until otherwise agreed between the Company and the Executive, the Executive shall be at liberty to maintain his residence in or around the Chicago Area, State of Illinois. 4. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses; Other Benefits; ---------------------------------------------------------- (a) Compensation. During the period of employment under this Agreement, ------------ Executive shall be paid a salary, in monthly or semi-monthly installments, at the rate of Four Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($425,000.00) per year, or such higher salary as may be from time to time approved by the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) of the Company (any such higher salary so approved to be thereafter the minimum salary payable to Executive during the remainder of the term hereof), plus such additional incentive compensation, if any, as may be voted to him yearly by the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized Committee thereof). Executive shall also receive an automobile allowance from Company of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) per month during the term of this Agreement. (b) Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse ------------------------- Executive, in accordance with its normal policies and practices, for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in performing his obligations under this Agreement. The Company further agrees to furnish Executive with such assistance and accommodations as shall be suitable to the character of Executive's position with the Company and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. (c) Other Benefits. During the period of employment under this Agreement, -------------- Executive shall be entitled to receive all other benefits of employment generally available to other members of the Company's management and those benefits for which key executives are or shall become eligible, when and as he becomes eligible therefor, including without limitation, group health and life insurance benefits, short and long-term disability plans, deferred compensation plans, and participation in the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Executive Medical Plan, 1989 Management Incentive Plan, Long Term Incentive Plan, 1984 Executive Benefit Retirement Plan ("EBRP"), 1988 Executive Survivor Benefits Plan ("ESBP"), Stock Purchase Plan and 1994 Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), and the Company agrees that none of such benefits shall be altered in any manner in such a way as to reduce any then existing entitlement of Executive thereunder. -2- (d) EBRP and ESBP Designations. Subject to the terms of the respective -------------------------- Plans, Executive is hereby designated as a participant in both the EBRP and the EBSP. Upon satisfaction of the minimum service requirement with Company for vesting of benefits pursuant to the terms of the EBRP, Executive shall receive credit for all prior service with HBO & Company for purposes of said Plan. 5. Initial Incentive Grants. Executive shall receive the ------------------------ following initial incentive awards specified in subparagraphs (a) through (c) below: (a) Retention Bonus. Company shall pay Executive a special, one-time bonus --------------- of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,500,000.00) as soon as practicable following execution of this Agreement. This bonus is not to be construed as a salary type payment but rather a retention payment, to be retained by Executive if and only if he remains employed by Company one year following execution of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the event he voluntarily leaves the Company's employment within one (1) year of the date hereof, he shall promptly (and in no event later than thirty (30) days following cessation of employment) return one-half of said bonus (i.e., $750,000.00) to Company. ---- (b) Stock Options. Executive has received a grant of One Million ------------- (1,000,000) non-qualified stock options, which options will vest at the rate of fifty percent (50%) at the end of two years from the date hereof, seventy-five percent (75%) at the end of three years and one hundred percent (100%) at the end of the fourth year from the date hereof. Such options are otherwise subject to the terms and conditions of the plan or arrangement pursuant to which they were issued. (c) LTIP Cash Award. Company shall grant Executive a Long-Term Incentive --------------- Plan award of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00), payable, if earned, fifty percent (50%) at the end of three years, and fifty percent (50%) at the end of five years, in each case, from the date hereof. Executive acknowledges that payments of the award are contingent and based upon Company's total shareholder return ("TSR"). Full awards will be paid if, at the end of each measurement period, the TSR is at or above the 75th percentile of the S&P 500 (excluding therefrom financial institutions). Partial awards will be paid as follows: 75% if TSR is between the 60th and 75th percentile; 50% if TSR is between the 50th and 60th percentile; and 25% if TSR is below the 50th percentile. 6. Benefits Payable Upon Disability or Death. ----------------------------------------- (a) Disability Benefits. If Executive shall be prevented during the term ------------------- of this Agreement from properly performing services hereunder by reason of illness or other physical or mental incapacity, the Company shall continue to pay Executive his then current salary hereunder during the period of his disability; provided, however, that if Executive is disabled for a continuous period exceeding twelve (12) calendar months, then the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (b) Death Benefits. In the event of the death of Executive during the term -------------- of this Agreement, Executive's salary payable hereunder shall continue to be paid to Executive's surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse surviving, then to Executive's designee or representative (as the case may be) through the six-month period following -3- the end of the calendar month in which death occurs. Thereafter, all of Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate. (c) Other Plans. The provisions of this Paragraph 6 shall not affect any ----------- rights of Executive's heirs, administrators, executors, legatees, beneficiaries or assigns under the Company's Profit-Sharing Investment Plan, EBRP, Long Term Incentive Plan, ESBP, Restricted Stock and Stock Option Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), any stock purchase plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company, and any such rights shall be governed by the terms of the respective plans. 7. Obligations of Executive During and After Employment. ---------------------------------------------------- (a) No Competition. Executive agrees that during the term of his -------------- employment under this Agreement, and for the "Restricted Period" (as hereinafter defined) thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company for any reason, he will not, within the United States, (i) participate, engage or have any interest in, directly or indirectly, any person, firm, corporation, or business (whether as an employee, officer, director, agent, creditor, or consultant or in any other capacity which calls for the rendering of personal services, advice, acts of management, operation or control) which carries on any business or activity competitive with the Company or any affiliated company about whose business and operations he has acquired confidential information (including, without limitation, any products or services sold, investigated, developed or otherwise pursued by the Company or any affiliated company at any time or from time to time). For purposes of this Paragraph 7(a), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be one year. (b) Unauthorized Use of Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges -------------------------------------------- and agrees that (i) during the course of his employment with HBO & Company ("HBOC") and with the Company, Executive has or will have produced and/or has had or will have access to Confidential Information, as hereinafter defined, and (ii) the unauthorized use or sale of any such Confidential Information at any time would harm the Company and would constitute unfair competition with Company. Therefore, during his employment by Company or by an affiliated company, and for a period of five (5) years after termination of such employment, Executive agrees to hold in confidence Confidential Information and not, directly or indirectly, disclose, publish, or otherwise make available to the public or to any individual, firm or corporation, or use, copy or make lists of any Confidential Information, except to the extent expressly authorized by Company in writing. Executive further agrees that all Confidential Information, together with all records, files, drawings, documents, equipment, and the like, or copies thereof, relating to Company's business, or the business of an affiliated company, which Executive shall prepare, or use, or come into contact with, shall be and remain the sole property of Company, or of an affiliated company, and shall not be removed (except to allow Executive to perform his responsibilities hereunder while traveling for business purposes or otherwise working away from his office) from the Company's or the affiliated company's premises without its prior written consent, and shall be promptly returned to Company upon termination of employment with Company and its affiliated companies. (c) Confidential Information Defined. For purposes of this Agreement, -------------------------------- "Confidential Information" means all information (whether reduced to written, electronic, magnetic -4- or other tangible form) acquired in any way by Executive during the course of his employment with the Company concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of the Company or the Company's customers, including, without limitation, (i) all information concerning trade secrets of the Company, including computer programs, system documentation, special hardware, product hardware, related software development, manuals, formulae, processes, methods, machines, compositions, ideas, improvements or inventions of Company and its affiliated companies, (ii) all sales and financial information concerning the Company, (iii) all customer and supplier lists, (iv) all information concerning products or projects under development or marketing plans for any of those products or projects, and (v) all information in any way concerning the products, projects, activities, business or affairs of customers of the Company which was furnished to him by the Company or any of its agents or customers; provided, however, that Confidential Information does not include information which (A) becomes available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by Executive, (B) was available to him on a non-confidential basis outside of his employment with the Company, or (C) becomes available to him on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company or any of its agents, creditors, suppliers, lessors, lessees or customers. "Company" as used herein includes all affiliates of the Company including, without limitation, HBOC. (d) Nonsolicitation. Executive recognizes and acknowledges that it is --------------- essential for the proper protection of the business of the Company that Executive be restrained for a reasonable period following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company from: (1) soliciting or inducing any employee of the Company to leave the employ of the Company; (2) hiring or attempting to hire any employee of the Company; or (3) soliciting the trade of or trading with the customers of the Company for any competitive business purpose. Accordingly, Executive agrees that during the term of his employment under this Agreement, and for the Restricted Period thereafter following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company for any reason, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) hire, solicit, aid in or encourage the hiring and/or solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, or induce or encourage to leave the employment of the Company, any employee of the Company; and (ii) solicit, aid in or encourage the solicitation of, contract with, aid in or encourage the contracting with, service, or contact any person or entity which is, or was, within three years prior to the termination of Executive's employment with the Company, a customer or client of the Company or HBOC, for the purpose of offering or selling a product or service competitive with any of those offered by the Company. For purposes of this Paragraph 7(d), the "Restricted Period" shall be deemed to be two (2) years. (e) Remedy for Breach. Executive agrees that in the event of a breach or ------------------ threatened breach of any of the covenants contained in this Paragraph 7, the Company shall have the right and remedy to have such covenants specifically enforced by any court having jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed than any material breach of any of the covenants will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. (f) Blue-Penciling. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the -------------- noncompetition and nonsolicitation agreements contained herein are reasonable and valid in geographic, temporal and subject matter scope and in all other respects, and do not impose -5- limitations greater than that are necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information, and other business interests of the Company, Nevertheless, if any court determines that any of said noncompetition and other restrictive covenants and agreements, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. (g) Survivability. Paragraphs 7(a), (b) and (d) shall survive the ------------- termination or expiration of this Agreement. 8. Termination. ----------- (a) For Cause. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the --------- Company may, without liability, terminate Executive's employment hereunder for cause at any time upon written notice from the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) specifying such cause, and thereafter the Company's obligations hereunder shall cease and terminate; provided, however that such written notice -------- ------- shall not be delivered until after the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized Committee thereof) shall have given Executive written notice specifying the conduct alleged to have constituted such cause and Executive has failed to cure such conduct, if curable, within fifteen (15) days following receipt of such notice. As used herein, the term "cause" shall mean (i) Executive's willful misconduct, habitual neglect, dishonesty or other intentional actions (or failures to act) which are materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (ii) a material breach by Executive of one or more terms of this Agreement. (b) Other than for Cause; Performance, Reorganization. Notwithstanding ------------------------------------------------- anything herein to the contrary, Company may also terminate Executive's employment (without regard to any general or specific policies of Company relating to the employment or termination of its employees) should (i) Executive fail to perform his duties hereunder in a manner satisfactory to the Chief Executive Officer of Company, provided that Executive shall first be given written notice of such unsatisfactory performance and a period of ninety (90) days to improve such performance to a level deemed acceptable to the Chief Executive Officer or, (ii) Executive's position be eliminated as a result of a reorganization or restructuring of Company or its affiliated companies. (c) Obligations of Company on Termination of Employment. --------------------------------------------------- i) If Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(a) above, then all of Company obligations hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Executive shall thereupon have no further right or entitlement to additional salary, incentive compensation payments or awards, or any perquisites from Company whatsoever, and Executive's rights, if any, under Company's employee and executive benefit plans shall be determined solely in accordance with the express terms of the respective plans; ii) If Company terminates Executive's employment pursuant to subparagraph 8(b) above, then, in lieu of any benefits payable pursuant to Company's Executive Severance Policy (so long as the compensation and benefits payable hereunder -6- are equal to or greater than those payable under said Policy) and in complete satisfaction and discharge of all of its obligations to Executive hereunder, Company shall, provided Executive is not in breach of the provisions of Paragraph 7 hereof, and except as provided in Section 9(c) below, (a) continue Executive's then base salary, without increase, for the remainder of the term of this Agreement, provided, however that Company's obligation to -------- ------- make such salary payments shall be reduced by any compensation received by Executive from a subsequent employer during such term, (b) consider Executive for a bonus under the terms of Company's Management Incentive Plan for the fiscal year in which termination occurs (but not for any subsequent year) provided that any such bonus, if earned, shall be pro-rated to reflect the portion of the year for which Executive was actively employed, (c) continue Executive's automobile allowance and Executive Medical Plan benefits until the earlier of the expiration date of this Agreement or the effective date of Executive's medical coverage under a subsequent employer's plan of policy, (d) subject to both (x) the express special forfeiture and repayment provisions of the respective plans (or the terms and conditions applicable thereto) and (y) the provisions of subparagraph (c)(iv) below, continue the accrual and vesting of Executive's rights, benefits and existing awards for the remainder of the term of this Agreement for purposes of the EBRP, ESBP, and the Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (or any similar plan or arrangement), provided, however, that (unless the Board of -------- ------- Directors, or any duly authorized Committee, in its sole discretion, determines otherwise) Executive shall in no event receive or be entitled either to additional grants or awards subsequent to the date of termination, or "Approved Retirement" status, under the foregoing plans, (e) continue Executive's participation in the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan for the remainder of the term of this Agreement (pro-rating performance periods as of the date Executive ceased rendering services to Company), provided, that Executive shall not participate in any -------- ---- way whatsoever in any performance period commencing subsequent to the date of termination, and (f) terminate Executive's participation in Company's tax-qualified profit-sharing plans and stock purchase plans, pursuant to the terms of the respective plans, as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. iii) Company and Executive agree that if Executive resigns or otherwise voluntarily leaves his employment with Company prior to the expiration of this Agreement (other than for Good Reason as defined in the Termination Agreement between the parties dated August 28, 1996 (the "Termination Agreement")), Company shall be under no further obligation to make any additional payments or provide any benefits hereunder. iv) For purposes of subparagraph (c)(ii) above, (a) any stock options granted to Executive prior to January 1, 1999 shall continue to vest according to their original vesting schedule during the term of this Agreement, and (b) any stock options granted to Executive subsequent to January 1, 1999 which are not vested as of the date Executive ceases to render services to Company shall be cancelled and of no further force or effect. -7- 9. General Provisions. ------------------ (a) Executive's rights and obligations under this Agreement shall not be transferable by assignment or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets; and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and be enforceable by, any successor surviving or resulting corporation, or other entity to which such assets shall be transferred. This Agreement shall not be terminated by the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of the Company. (b) This Agreement (together with the Termination Agreement) and the rights of Executive with respect to the benefits of employment referred to in Paragraph 4(c) constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto in respect of the employment of Executive by Company. This Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior oral and written agreements, understandings, commitments, and practices between the parties. (c) In the event Executive's employment with Company shall terminate under circumstances otherwise providing Executive with a right to benefits under both Section 5 of the Termination Agreement and Section 8(c)(ii) of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to receive the greater ------- of the benefits provided therein, calculated individually, without duplication. (d) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this Agreement, or the breach hereof, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any arbitration held pursuant to this paragraph in connection with any termination of Executive's employment shall take place in San Francisco, California at the earliest possible date. If any proceeding is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, or to recover damages for breach thereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and necessary costs and disbursements, not to exceed in the aggregate one percent (1%) of the net worth of the other party, in addition to any other relief to which he or it may be entitled. (e) The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible, and if any of said provisions or any part thereof are declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provisions or parts thereof and the applicability thereof shall not be affected thereby. (f) This Agreement may not be amended of modified except by a written instrument executed by Company and Executive. -8- (g) This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first above written. McKESSON HBOC, INC. A Delaware Corporation By /s/ -------------------------- Senior Vice President ATTEST: /s/ Ivan D. Meyerson /s/ Mark T. Majeske - ------------------------------ -------------------------- Senior Vice President Executive By the Authority of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of McKesson HBOC, Inc. on January 27, 1999. -9-
EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT There is no parent of the Company. The following is a listing of the significant subsidiaries of the Company, or if indented, subsidiaries of the Company under which they are listed: Jurisdiction of Organization --------------- HBO & Company................................................ Delaware McKesson Canada Inc.......................................... Canada Medis Health and Pharmaceutical Services Inc............... Canada GM Holdings, Inc............................................. Delaware McKesson General Medical Corp.............................. Virginia
EXHIBIT 23.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT We consent to the incorporation by reference in McKesson HBOC, Inc. Registration Statement Nos. 33-86536, 333-00611, 333-02871, 333-21931, 333- 30104, 333-30216, 333-30218, 333-30220, 333-30222, 333-30226, 333-32643, 333- 32645, 333-43101, 333-43079, 333-48339, 333-48859, 333-50261, 333-70501 and 333-71917 on Form S-8, Registration Statement Nos. 333-26443, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, 333-85973, 333-50985 and 333-66359 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-49119, and Amendment No. 1 thereto, and 333-56623 on Form S-4 of our report dated May 19, 2000 (which report was modified to indicate that the consolidated financial statements of HBO & Company ("HBOC") as of and for the year ended March 31, 1998 were audited by other auditors whose report (which expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph related to certain shareholder litigation) has been furnished to us, and our opinion insofar as it relates to the amounts included for HBOC as of and for the year ended March 31, 1998 is based solely on the report of such auditors and to refer to certain shareholder litigation as discussed in Financial Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of McKesson HBOC, Inc., for the year ended March 31, 2000. Deloitte & Touche LLP San Francisco, California June 13, 2000
EXHIBIT 23.2 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our report dated July 12, 1999 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of HBO & Company as of March 31, 1998 and for the year then ended, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of McKesson HBOC, Inc., into the following previously filed Registration Statements of McKesson HBOC, Inc.: . Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-26443, and Amendment No.1 thereto, 333-85973, 333-50985 and 333-66359) . Registration Statements on Form S-4 (Nos. 333-56623 and 333-49119 and Amendment No.1 thereto) . Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-86536, 333-00611, 333- 02871, 333-21931, 333-30104, 333-30216, 333-30218, 333-30220, 333-30222, 333-30226, 333-32643, 333-32645, 333-43101, 333-43079, 333-48339, 333- 48859, 333-50261, 333-70501 and 333-71917) Reference is made to said report in which the opinion contains an explanatory fourth paragraph with respect to certain shareholder litigation as discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. Arthur Andersen LLP Atlanta, Georgia June 13, 2000
EXHIBIT 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned directors and officers of McKesson HBOC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), do hereby constitute and appoint Ivan D. Meyerson and Kristina Veaco his or her true and lawful attorney and agent, each with full power and authority (acting alone and without the other) to execute in the name and on behalf of the undersigned as such Director and/or Officer, under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, an annual report on Form 10-K, and thereafter to execute and file any and all amendments to such Form, whether filed prior or subsequent to the time such Form becomes effective. The undersigned hereby grants unto such attorneys and agents, and each of them, full power of substitution and revocation in the premises and hereby ratifies and confirms all that such attorneys and agents may do or cause to be done by virtue of these presents. /s/ Alfred C. Eckert III /s/ Gerald E. Mayo - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- Alfred C. Eckert III, Director Gerald E. May, Director /s/ Tully M. Friedman /s/ James V. Napier - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- Tully M. Friedman, Director James V. Napier, Director /s/ William R. Graber /s/ David S. Pottruck - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- William R. Graber, Senior Vice President David S. Pottruck, Director and Chief Financial Officer /s/ John H. Hammergren /s/ Carl E. Reichardt - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- John H. Hammergren, Co-President, Carl E. Reichardt, Director Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director /s/ Alton F. Irby III /s/ Alan Seelenfreund - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- Alton F. Irby III, Director Alan Seelenfreund, Chairman of the Board /s/ M. Christine Jacobs /s/ Jane E. Shaw - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- M. Christine Jacobs, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director /s/ David L. Mahoney /s/ Heidi E. Yodowitz - ------------------------------------- --------------------------- David L. Mahoney, Co-President, Heidi E. Yodowitz, Senior Vice Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director President and Controller Dated May 5, 2000
5 1,000 YEAR MAR-31-2000 APR-01-1999 MAR-31-2000 548,900 57,000 3,309,400 274,900 4,149,300 7,965,500 1,149,600 594,200 10,372,900 5,121,800 1,260,000 195,800 0 2,800 3,563,000 10,372,900 36,734,200 36,734,200 34,411,800 34,411,800 2,278,400 116,100 114,200 313,100 122,300 184,600 539,100 0 0 723,700 2.57 2.57
5 1,000 YEAR MAR-31-1999 APR-01-1998 MAR-31-1999 233,700 28,200 2,732,600 180,600 3,522,500 6,452,800 1,066,100 536,500 9,020,000 4,744,800 1,151,200 195,600 0 2,800 2,879,000 9,020,000 30,028,700 30,028,700 27,629,500 27,629,500 2,231,000 80,500 118,000 168,200 101,400 60,600 24,300 0 0 84,900 .31 .31
5 1,000 YEAR MAR-31-1998 APR-01-1997 MAR-31-1998 564,400 117,100 2,014,800 83,000 2,603,100 5,318,100 917,900 469,300 7,291,800 3,083,800 1,318,400 195,400 0 2,700 2,559,000 7,291,800 22,105,700 22,105,700 19,947,100 19,947,100 1,699,300 11,100 103,200 459,300 177,900 275,200 29,400 0 0 304,600 1.14 1.10