Q4 2014 10K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 _____________________________________________________________________ FORM 10-K _____________________________________________________________________ (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 000-49802 _____________________________________________________________________ Netflix, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) _____________________________________________________________________ Delaware 001-35727 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 100 Winchester Circle Los Gatos, California 95032 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) (408) 540-3700 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) _____________________________________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of Exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.001 par value NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None _____________________________________________________________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o (do not check if smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x As of June 30, 2014, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sales price for the registrant’s common stock, as reported in the NASDAQ Global Select Market System, was $25,313,674,160. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director of the Registrant and by each person known by the Registrant to beneficially own 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. As of January 28, 2015, there were 60,498,082 shares of the registrant’s common stock, par value $0.001, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Parts of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for Registrant’s 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 3 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 11 Item 2. Properties 12 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 12 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 12 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 15 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 30 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 31 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 31 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 32 Item 9B. Other Information 34 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 35 Item 11. Executive Compensation 35 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 35 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 35 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 35 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 36 Table of Contents PART I Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our core strategy; the growth of Internet delivery of content; the growth in our streaming memberships; the decline in our DVD memberships and the resources allocated to our DVD segment; the market opportunity for streaming content; contribution margins; contribution profits (losses); liquidity; free cash flows; revenues; net income; legal costs; operating cash flows; stock price volatility; membership growth rates; timing of facilities construction; nature of our content agreements; member viewing habits; payment of future dividends; obtaining additional capital; our content library and marketing investments, including investments in original programming; significance of future contractual obligations; realization of deferred tax assets; seasonality; method of content delivery; and international expansion. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A: "Risk Factors" section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law. Item 1. Business ABOUT US Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “we”, or “us”) is the world’s leading Internet television network with over 57 million streaming members in nearly 50 countries enjoying more than two billion hours of TV shows and movies per month, including original series, documentaries and feature films. Our members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States ("U.S."), our members can receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. We are a pioneer in the Internet delivery of TV shows and movies, launching our streaming service in 2007. Since this launch, we have developed an ecosystem for Internet-connected screens and have licensed and acquired increasing amounts of content that enable consumers to enjoy TV shows and movies directly on their TVs, computers and mobile devices. As a result of these efforts, we have experienced growing consumer acceptance of, and interest in, the delivery of TV shows and movies directly over the Internet. Our core strategy is to grow our streaming membership business globally within the parameters of our consolidated net income and operating segment contribution profit (loss) targets. We are continuously improving our members' experience by expanding our streaming content with a focus on a programming mix of content that delights our members. We are continually enhancing our user interface and extending our streaming service to even more Internet-connected screens. We continue to grow our streaming service both domestically and internationally. We began our international expansion with Canada in 2010 and have since launched our service in Latin America and several European countries. We have also expanded our streaming content offering to include more exclusive and original programming, including several Emmy, Golden Globe and Academy Award nominated original series and documentaries. Prior to July 2011, in the U.S., our streaming and DVD-by-mail operations were combined and members could receive both streaming content and DVDs under a single “hybrid” plan. In July 2011, we separated the combined plans, making it necessary for members who wish to receive both DVDs-by-mail and streaming content to have two separate membership plans. BUSINESS SEGMENTS The Company has three reportable segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic and International streaming segments derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content. The Domestic DVD segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of DVD-by-mail. For additional information regarding our segments, including information about our financial results by geography, see Note 12 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 1 Table of Contents COMPETITION The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete against other entertainment video providers, such as multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), Internet-based movie and TV content providers (including those that provide pirated content) and DVD rental outlets and more broadly against other sources of entertainment that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers in obtaining content that our members love, both for licensed streaming content and for original content projects. While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we are continually improving our service, including both our technology and our content, which is increasingly exclusive and curated, including our own original programming. SEASONALITY Our member growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers buy Internet-connected devices and when they tend to increase their viewing. Our domestic member growth is generally greatest in our fourth and first quarters (October through March), slowing in our second quarter (April through June) and then accelerating in our third quarter (July through September). We expect each market in our International Steaming segment to demonstrate more predictable seasonal patterns as our service offering in each market becomes more established and we have a longer history to assess such patterns. Additionally, the variable expenses associated with shipments of DVDs are highest in the first quarter due to the seasonal nature of DVD usage. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes. EMPLOYEES As of December 31, 2014, we had 2,189 full-time employees. We also utilize part-time and temporary employees, primarily in our DVD fulfillment operations, to respond to the fluctuating demand for DVD shipments. As of December 31, 2014, we had 261 part-time and temporary employees. Our employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, however, to the extent we develop and produce our own content, certain employees of affiliated entities may be covered by such agreements, including certain writers, directors, actors and production personnel. OTHER INFORMATION We were incorporated in Delaware in August 1997 and completed our initial public offering in May 2002. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Winchester Circle, Los Gatos, California 95032, and our telephone number is (408) 540-3700. We maintain a Web site at www.netflix.com. The contents of our Web site are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “Netflix,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “registrant” refer to Netflix, Inc. We make available, free of charge on our web site, access to our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website ( http://ir.netflix.com ), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our investor relations website. 2 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. We have experienced significant member growth over the past several years. Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as MVPDs, Internet-based movie and TV content providers (including those that provide pirated content) and DVD rental outlets. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members. In addition, many of our members are rejoining our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members are not successful, we may not be able to attract members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, availability of content is unsatisfactory, competitive services provide a better value or experience and customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new members both to replace members who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current member base. If growth rates slow faster than expected, given, in particular that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our (per member) revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operation may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of members cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these members with new members. Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video, including the potential rapid adoption of piracy-based video offerings, could adversely impact our business. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Piracy, in particular, threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. Furthermore, in light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth. Traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as Internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers are increasing their Internet-based video offerings. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. In connection with obtaining streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with studios and other content providers, the payment terms of which are not tied to member usage or the size of our member base (“fixed cost”) but which may be tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical exhibition receipts. Such commitments are included in the Contractual Obligations section of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 6, Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8 . Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if member acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. Payment terms for certain content commitments, such as programming that is initially available in the 3 Table of Contents applicable territory on our service (“original programming”), will typically require more up-front cash payments than other licensing agreements. To the extent member and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of content commitments and accelerated payment requirements of certain agreements. In addition, the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. As we expand internationally, we must license content in advance of entering into a new geographical market. If we license content that is not favorably received by consumers in the applicable territory, acquisition and retention may be adversely impacted and given the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments, we may not be able to adjust our content offering quickly and our results of operation may be adversely impacted. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. To the extent our original programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service, as well as continuing to operate our DVD service within the U.S. As we expand internationally, we are managing our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and Internet video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations, our business may be adversely affected. If we fail to maintain or, in new markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, to the extent our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative consumer reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. As we expand into new markets, we will also need to establish our reputation with consumers and to the extent we are not successful in creating positive impressions, our business in these new markets may be adversely impacted. Changes in how we market our service could adversely affect our marketing expenses and member levels may be adversely affected. We utilize a broad mix of marketing and public relations programs, including social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter, to promote our service to potential new members. We may limit or discontinue use or support of certain marketing sources or activities if advertising rates increase or if we become concerned that members or potential members deem certain marketing practices intrusive or damaging to our brand. If the available marketing channels are curtailed, our ability to attract new members may be adversely affected. If companies that promote our service decide that we negatively impact their business, that they want to compete more directly with our business or enter a similar business or decide to exclusively support our competitors, we may no longer have access to such marketing channels. We also acquire a number of members who rejoin our service having previously cancelled their membership. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of members with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our member levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we develop, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials and features on our website such as member reviews. As we expand our original programming, we will become responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We will also take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. To 4 Table of Contents the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on our service, or if we become liable for content we develop, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims. If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase. Many of the licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions as well as other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As competition increases, we may see the cost of programming increase. As we seek to differentiate our service, we are increasingly focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content, including original content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient manner. Within this context, we are selective about the titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member acquisition and retention may be adversely affected. Music contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we engage in negotiations with performing rights organizations and collection societies (“PROs”) that hold certain rights to music interests in connection with streaming content into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation as well as negotiations between certain PROs and other third parties in various territories could adversely impact our negotiations with PROs, or result in music publishers represented by certain PROs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of Internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, television set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the television set-top boxes of these service providers. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to instantly stream TV shows and movies to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our agreements with our device partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices' performance, the connection between these devices and Netflix may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward Netflix and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including both member and corporate information, and could adversely impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunications failures, and cybersecurity risks. Interruptions in these systems, or with the Internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver streaming content or fulfill DVD selections. 5 Table of Contents Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our membership service to existing and potential members. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of data. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data, disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. To date hackers have not had a material impact on our service or systems however this is no assurance that hackers may not be successful in the future. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party Web hosting provider. In addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV shows and movies in high volume to Netflix members over the Internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party Web hosting, "cloud" computing, or content delivery network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact the experience of our members. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. Amazon Web Services ("AWS") provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a "cloud" computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service. If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operation could be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own content-delivery network (“CDN”). To the extent Internet Service Providers ("ISPs") do not interconnect with our CDN or if we experience difficulties in its operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operation could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We also utilize third party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Also, any harm to our members' personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If government regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. 6 Table of Contents Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including laws impacting net neutrality, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. The failure to adopt laws protecting strong net neutrality could also increase the cost of doing business. For example, in late 2010, the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") adopted net neutrality rules intended, in part, to prevent network operators from discriminating against legal traffic that transverse their networks. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia subsequently struck down the FCC’s net neutrality rules and it is currently uncertain how the FCC will respond to this decision. To the extent network operators attempt to use this ruling to extract fees from us to deliver our traffic or otherwise engage in discriminatory practices, our business could be adversely impacted. As we expand internationally, government regulations concerning the Internet, in particular net neutrality, may be nascent or non-existent. Within such a regulatory environment, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business. Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the Internet. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of Internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the Internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. For example, Comcast exempted certain of its own Internet video traffic (e.g., Streampix videos to the Xbox 360) from a bandwidth cap that applies to all unaffiliated Internet video traffic (e.g., Netflix videos to the Xbox 360). While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively impacted. In some international markets, these same incentives apply however, the consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition may not be as strong as in our domestic market. Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage our member data and disclosure of member data could adversely impact our business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with merchandising our service to our members, we collect and utilize data supplied by our members. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information. Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the Internet regarding users' browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws, that limit our ability to collect and use data, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose data about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. As our business evolves and as we expand internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of customer information. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses. Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if our member data, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons. We maintain personal data regarding our members, including names and billing data. This data is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing data, such as credit card numbers, we rely on licensed encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members' data. Despite these measures we, our payment processing services or other third party services we use such as AWS, could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members' data. In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to become members. Additionally, we could face legal claims for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data breach. For these reasons, should an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ data occur, our business could be adversely affected. 7 Table of Contents We are subject to payment processing risk Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift subscriptions and direct debit. We rely on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules and regulations and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are disruptions in our payment processing systems, increases in payment processing fees and/or changes to rules or regulations concerning payment processing, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operation could be adversely impacted. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operation and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service. If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by our competitors, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings. We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be adversely affected. We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our Web site and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes and marketing activities. Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content on our Web site. We use the intellectual property of third parties in merchandising our products and marketing our service through contractual and other rights. From time to time, third parties allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the Internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention. From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. Most of these matters relate to patent infringement lawsuits, which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention and could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. 8 Table of Contents We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and political risks that may be different from and incremental to those in the U.S. In addition to the risks that we face in the U.S., our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including: • the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences, including licensing a certain portion of our content library before we have developed a full appreciation for its performance within a given territory; • difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; • management distraction; • political or social unrest and economic instability; • compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; • difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign jurisdictions; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • less favorable foreign intellectual property laws; • adverse tax consequences such as those related to repatriation of cash from foreign jurisdictions into the United States, non-income related taxes such as value-added tax or other indirect taxes, such as ISS, PIS, COFINS and CIDE in Brazil, changes in tax laws or their interpretations, or the application of judgment in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities given inter-company transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk; • profit repatriation and other restrictions on the transfer of funds; • differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as payment cards; • new and different sources of competition; • low usage and/or penetration of Internet connected consumer electronic devices; • different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws; and • availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion; • integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities in connection with companies we may acquire or control; and • differing, and often more lenient, laws and consumer understanding/attitudes regarding the illegality of piracy. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations. We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders. From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend, among other things, on our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. We have debt outstanding and may incur additional debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. As of December 31, 2014, we had $500 million in 5.375% senior notes and $400 million in 5.75% senior notes. Risks relating to our long-term indebtedness include: 9 Table of Contents • requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate; and • limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. We intend to raise at least $1 billion, pending market conditions, of additional long-term debt in the first quarter of 2015 and it is possible that we may incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees. We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Reed Hastings, members of our executive team and other key employees and the hiring of new qualified employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical and other personnel. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing personnel, which may be disruptive to our operations. If memberships to our Domestic DVD segment decline faster than anticipated, our business could be adversely affected. The number of memberships to our DVD-by-mail offering is declining, and we anticipate that this decline will continue. We believe, however, that the domestic DVD business will continue to generate significant contribution profit for our business. The contribution profit generated by our domestic DVD business will help provide capital resources to fund our growth internationally. To the extent that the rate of decline in our DVD-by-mail business is greater than we anticipate, our business could be adversely affected. We do not anticipate increasing resources to our DVD operations and the technology used in its operations will not be meaningfully improved. To the extent that we experience service interruptions or other degradations in our DVD-by-mail service, members' satisfaction could be negatively impacted and we could experience an increase in DVD-by-mail member cancellations, which could adversely impact our business. Changes in U.S. Postal rates or operations could adversely impact our operating results and member satisfaction. We rely exclusively on the U.S. Postal Service to deliver DVDs from our shipping centers and to return DVDs to us from our members. Increases in postage delivery rates, including those resulting from changes to policies on the requirements of first class mail such as size, weight or machinability, could adversely affect our Domestic DVD segment's contribution profit. If the U.S. Postal Service were to implement other changes to improve its financial position, such as closing mail processing facilities or service reductions, such changes could lead to a decrease in customer satisfaction and our Domestic DVD segment's contribution profit could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Our charter documents may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they: • authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; • provide for a classified board of directors; • prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; • establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and • prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has 10 Table of Contents held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction. Our stock price is volatile. The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control: • variations in our operating results; • variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community; • announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others; • competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services; • market volatility in general; • the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock; and • the operating results of our competitors. As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price. Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. Financial forecasting may differ materially from actual results. Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, contribution margins, net income and number of total and paid member additions and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 11 Table of Contents Item 2. Properties Our global streaming headquarters are located in Los Gatos, California and consist of leased space aggregating approximately 250,000 square feet. In the third quarter of 2013, the Company entered into lease agreements to expand its Los Gatos, California headquarters by 263,000 square feet with 124 month lease terms commencing after construction of the facilities, which is expected in 2015. In the United States, we lease other offices in various locations, including Beverly Hills, California for global content acquisition, marketing and general and administrative operations and Fremont, California for our DVD operations. We also lease office space in other countries to support international streaming operations. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet current requirements, and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any further physical expansion of operations and for any additional offices. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 6 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , under the caption "Legal Proceedings" which information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 12 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “NFLX”. The following table sets forth the intraday high and low sales prices per share of our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 2014 2013 High Low High Low First quarter $ 458.00 $ 319.07 $ 197.62 $ 90.69 Second quarter 450.82 299.50 248.85 159.00 Third quarter 489.29 412.51 320.39 212.00 Fourth quarter 467.99 315.54 389.16 282.80 Holders As of January 28, 2015, there were approximately 203 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock. Dividends We have not declared or paid any cash dividends, and we have no present intention of paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 13 Table of Contents Stock Performance Graph Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission or “soliciting material” under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings. The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2014, the total cumulative stockholder return on the Company’s common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P North American Technology Internet Index. The Company was added to the S&P 500 Index on December 18, 2010. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2009, December 31, 2010, December 31, 2011, December 31, 2012, December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2014. Total cumulative stockholder return assumes $100 invested at the beginning of the period in the Company’s common stock, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index, the stocks represented in the S&P 500 Index and the stocks represented in the S&P North American Technology Internet Index, respectively, and reinvestment of any dividends. The S&P North American Technology Internet Index is a modified-capitalization weighted index of stocks representing the Internet industry, including Internet content and access providers, Internet software and services companies and e-commerce companies. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance. 14 Table of Contents Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following selected consolidated financial data is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Consolidated Statements of Operations: Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 (in thousands, except per share data) Revenues $ 5,504,656 $ 4,374,562 $ 3,609,282 $ 3,204,577 $ 2,162,625 Operating income 402,648 228,347 49,992 376,068 283,641 Net income 266,799 112,403 17,152 226,126 160,853 Earnings per share: Basic $ 4.44 $ 1.93 $ 0.31 $ 4.28 $ 3.06 Diluted $ 4.32 $ 1.85 $ 0.29 $ 4.16 $ 2.96 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 60,078 58,198 55,521 52,847 52,529 Diluted 61,699 60,761 58,904 54,369 54,304 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 16,483 $ 97,831 $ 21,586 $ 317,712 $ 276,401 Free cash flow (1) (126,699 ) (16,300 ) (58,151 ) 186,550 131,007 (1) See “Liquidity and Capital Resources” for a definition of “free cash flow” and a reconciliation of “free cash flow” to “net cash provided by operating activities.” Consolidated Balance Sheets: As of December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 (in thousands) Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments $ 1,608,496 $ 1,200,405 $ 748,078 $ 797,811 $ 350,387 Total content library, net 4,899,028 3,797,492 2,874,170 1,966,643 361,979 Working capital 1,277,315 904,560 564,865 605,802 248,652 Total assets 7,056,651 5,412,563 3,967,890 3,069,196 982,067 Long-term debt 900,000 500,000 200,000 200,000 200,000 Long-term debt due to related party — — 200,000 200,000 — Non-current content liabilities 1,575,832 1,345,590 1,076,622 739,628 48,179 Total stockholders’ equity 1,857,708 1,333,561 744,673 642,810 290,164 15 Table of Contents Other Data: As of / Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 (in thousands) Net global streaming member additions during period (1) 13,041 11,083 9,738 — — Total global streaming members (1) 57,391 44,350 33,267 23,529 — Prior to certain changes to our pricing and plan structure in 2011, we did not separately track streaming memberships. (1) A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by our internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. We offer free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately. 16 Table of Contents Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview and Results of Operations The following represents our consolidated performance highlights: As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2012 2014 vs. 2013 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands) Revenues $ 5,504,656 $ 4,374,562 $ 3,609,282 26 % 21 % Operating income $ 402,648 $ 228,347 $ 49,992 76 % 357 % Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 137 % 555 % Global streaming members 57,391 44,350 33,267 29 % 33 % Consolidated revenues for 2014 and 2013 increased as compared to prior years due to growth in both international and domestic streaming memberships, as well as increases in average revenue per paying member resulting from the introduction of higher priced plans. The increases in operating income and net income in each of the two years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were due to the increase in revenues, partially offset by the increase in the cost of revenues due to increased content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content. We offer three types of streaming membership plans. In the U.S. our basic plan is priced at $7.99 per month and includes access to standard definition quality streaming on a single screen at a time. Our most popular streaming plan, which includes access to high definition quality streaming on two screens concurrently, is priced at $8.99 per month for members who joined after the second quarter of 2014 when we had increased the membership fee from $7.99 per month. Existing members were grandfathered in at $7.99 for two years, as long as they remain a member. Our premium plan, which we introduced in the second quarter of 2013, is priced at $11.99 per month and includes access to high definition and ultra-high definition quality content on four screens concurrently. Internationally, pricing for the three types of membership plans is structured similar to the U.S. and ranges from the U.S. dollar equivalent of approximately $6.00 per month to $19.00. The following represents the key elements to our segment results of operations: • We define contribution profit as revenues less cost of revenues and marketing expenses. We believe this is an important measure of our operating segment performance as it represents each segment's performance before discrete global corporate costs. • For the Domestic and International streaming segments, content expenses, which include the amortization of the streaming content library and other expenses associated with the licensing and acquisition of streaming content, represent the vast majority of cost of revenues. Streaming content rights are generally specific to a geographic region and accordingly our international expansion will require us to obtain additional streaming content to support new international markets. Other cost of revenues such as streaming delivery expenses, customer service and payment processing fees tend to be lower as a percentage of total cost of revenues as compared to content expenses. We utilize both our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the Internet. Streaming delivery expenses, therefore, also include equipment costs related to our content delivery network ("Open Connect") and all third-party costs associated with delivering streaming content over the Internet. Cost of revenues in the Domestic DVD segment consist primarily of delivery expenses, content expenses, including amortization of DVD content library and revenue sharing expenses, and other expenses associated with our DVD processing and customer service centers. Delivery expenses for the Domestic DVD segment consist of the postage costs to mail DVDs to and from our members and the packaging and label costs for the mailers. • For the Domestic and International streaming segments, marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and payments made to our affiliates and device partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Payments to our affiliates and device partners include fixed fee and /or revenue sharing payments. Marketing expenses are primarily incurred by our Domestic and International streaming segments given our focus on building consumer awareness of the streaming offerings. Marketing expenses incurred by our International streaming segment have been significant and will fluctuate dependent upon the number of international territories in 17 Table of Contents which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories. Marketing expenses are immaterial for the Domestic DVD segment. • We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 27% in 2014. As a result of our focus on growing the streaming segments, contribution margins for the Domestic and International streaming segments are lower than for our Domestic DVD segment. Investments in content and marketing associated with the International streaming segment will continue to fluctuate dependent upon the number of international territories in which our streaming service is offered and the timing of the launch of new territories. Segment Results Domestic Streaming Segment Year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except revenue per member and percentages) Members: Net additions 5,694 6,274 (580 ) (9 )% Members at end of period 39,114 33,420 5,694 17 % Paid members at end of period 37,698 31,712 5,986 19 % Average monthly revenue per member $ 8.14 $ 7.97 $ 0.17 2 % Contribution profit: Revenues $ 3,431,434 $ 2,751,375 $ 680,059 25 % Cost of revenues 2,201,761 1,863,376 338,385 18 % Marketing 293,453 265,232 28,221 11 % Contribution profit 936,220 622,767 313,453 50 % Contribution margin 27 % 23 % In the Domestic streaming segment, we derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content offered through a membership plan. The increase in our domestic streaming revenues was due to the 22% growth in the average number of paid memberships, as well as to the 2% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from our price increase for new members in the second quarter of 2014 and introduction of the higher priced plan in 2013. Our two screen high definition plan continues to be the most popular plan choice for new members. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the $242.3 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. In addition, streaming delivery expenses increased by $59.5 million and other costs, such as payment processing fees and customer service call centers, increased $36.6 million due to our growing member base. Marketing expenses increased primarily due to an increase in advertising and public relations spending. Our Domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 27% for the year ended December 31, 2014, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 23% for the year ended December 31, 2013 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. The decrease in net membership additions in the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 is a natural progression of our large domestic market as we grow. We expect to continue to increase domestic contribution margins over the next several years even with lower membership growth. 18 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except revenue per member and percentages) Members: Net additions 6,274 5,475 799 15 % Members at end of period 33,420 27,146 6,274 23 % Paid members at end of period 31,712 25,471 6,241 25 % Average monthly revenue per member $ 7.97 $ 7.97 $ — — % Contribution profit: Revenues $ 2,751,375 $ 2,184,868 $ 566,507 26 % Cost of revenues 1,863,376 1,570,600 292,776 19 % Marketing 265,232 245,259 19,973 8 % Contribution profit 622,767 369,009 253,758 69 % Contribution margin 23 % 17 % The increase in our domestic streaming revenues was due to the 26% growth in the average number of paid memberships. New member additions and revenue related to $11.99 membership plans that were introduced in the second quarter of 2013 were not material for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to the $226.3 million increase in content expenses resulting from continued investments in existing and new streaming content including more exclusive and original programming. In addition, streaming delivery expenses increased by $31.7 million and other costs, such as payment processing fees and customer service call centers, increased $34.8 million due to our growing member base. Marketing expenses increased primarily due to an increase in advertising partially offset by a decrease in payments to affiliates in the U.S. Our Domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 23% for the year ended December 31, 2013, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 17% for the year ended December 31, 2012, as a result of growing memberships and revenue faster than content and marketing spending. International Streaming Segment Year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except revenue per member and percentages) Members: Net additions 7,347 4,809 2,538 53 % Members at end of period 18,277 10,930 7,347 67 % Paid members at end of period 16,778 9,722 7,056 73 % Average monthly revenue per member $ 8.34 $ 8.26 $ 0.08 1 % Contribution loss: Revenues $ 1,308,061 $ 712,390 $ 595,671 84 % Cost of revenues 1,154,117 782,304 371,813 48 % Marketing 313,733 204,418 109,315 53 % Contribution loss (159,789 ) (274,332 ) 114,543 (42 )% Contribution margin (12 )% (39 )% 19 Table of Contents In the International streaming segment, we derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content offered through a membership plan. We launched our streaming service in Canada in September 2010 and have continuously expanded our services internationally with launches in Latin America in September 2011, the U.K. and Ireland in January 2012, Finland, Denmark, Sweden and Norway in October 2012, the Netherlands in September 2013, and Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, Belgium and Luxembourg in September 2014. In the first quarter of 2015, we expect to launch our service in Australia and New Zealand. Later in the year, we expect to launch additional major countries, in keeping with our global strategy. The increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the 82% growth in the average number of paid international memberships as well as the 1% increase in average monthly revenue per paying member resulting from the price increase on our most popular streaming plan and the introduction of the premium plan, offset partially by the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Average paid international streaming memberships account for 27% of total average paid streaming memberships as of December 31, 2014, as compared to 20% of total average paid streaming memberships as of December 31, 2013. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $311.5 million increase in content expenses including content for our new markets as well as more exclusive and original programming. Other costs increased $60.3 million primarily due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. International marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014 increased as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 mainly due to expenses for territories launched in the last twelve months. International contribution losses improved $114.5 million year over year, as a result of growing memberships and revenues faster than content and marketing spending. Our International streaming segment does not benefit from the established member base that exists for the Domestic segments. As a result of having to build a member base from zero, investments in streaming content and marketing programs for our International segment are larger initially relative to revenues, in particular as new territories are launched. The contribution losses for our International segment have been significant due to investments in streaming content and marketing programs to drive membership growth and viewing in our international markets. Year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except revenue per member and percentages) Members: Net additions 4,809 4,263 546 13 % Members at end of period 10,930 6,121 4,809 79 % Paid members at end of period 9,722 4,892 4,830 99 % Average monthly revenue per member $ 8.26 $ 7.80 $ 0.46 6 % Contribution loss: Revenues $ 712,390 $ 287,542 $ 424,848 148 % Cost of revenues 782,304 483,295 299,009 62 % Marketing 204,418 193,390 11,028 6 % Contribution loss (274,332 ) (389,143 ) 114,811 (30 )% Contribution margin (39 )% (135 )% The increase in our international revenues was primarily due to the 134% growth in the average number of paid international memberships. The increase in international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $272.0 million increase in content expenses. This increase was primarily attributable to continued investments in existing and new streaming content including content to support the launch of our service in the Nordics (launched in the fourth quarter of 2012) and the Netherlands (launched in the third quarter of 2013). Other costs increased $27.0 million due to increases in our streaming delivery expenses, costs associated with our customer service call centers and payment processing fees, all driven by our growing member base. International marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 due to our expansion in the Nordics and the Netherlands offset partially by a decrease in spending in other territories. 20 Table of Contents International contribution losses improved $114.8 million year over year, as a result of growing memberships and revenues faster than content and marketing spending. Domestic DVD Segment Year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except revenue per member and percentages) Members: Net losses (1,163 ) (1,294 ) (131 ) (10 )% Members at end of period 5,767 6,930 (1,163 ) (17 )% Paid members at end of period 5,668 6,765 (1,097 ) (16 )% Average monthly revenue per member $ 10.29 $ 10.25 $ 0.04 — % Contribution profit: Revenues $ 765,161 $ 910,797 $ (145,636 ) (16 )% Cost of revenues 396,882 471,523 (74,641 ) (16 )% Marketing — 292 (292 ) (100 )% Contribution profit 368,279 438,982 (70,703 ) (16 )% Contribution margin 48 % 48 % In the Domestic DVD segment, we derive revenues from our DVD-by-mail membership services. The price per plan for DVD-by-mail varies from $4.99 to $43.99 per month according to the plan chosen by the member. DVD-by-mail plans differ by the number of DVDs that a member may have out at any given point. Members electing access to high definition Blu-ray discs, in addition to standard definition DVDs, pay a surcharge ranging from $2 to $4 per month for our most popular plans. The decrease in our domestic DVD revenues was due to a 16% decrease in the average number of paid memberships. The decrease in domestic DVD cost of revenues was primarily due to a $16.0 million decrease in content expenses and a $43.0 million decrease in delivery expenses resulting from a 22% decrease in the number of DVDs mailed to members. The decrease in shipments was driven by a decline in the number of DVD memberships coupled with a decrease in usage by these members. Other costs, primarily those associated with processing and customer service expenses, decreased $15.6 million primarily due to a decrease in hub operation expenses resulting from the decline in DVD shipments. Our Domestic DVD segment had a contribution margin of 48% for the year ended December 31, 2014, and was flat as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013. 21 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 As of/ Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except revenue per member and percentages) Members: Net losses (1,294 ) (2,941 ) (1,647 ) (56 )% Members at end of period 6,930 8,224 (1,294 ) (16 )% Paid members at end of period 6,765 8,049 (1,284 ) (16 )% Average monthly revenue per member $ 10.25 $ 10.21 $ 0.04 — % Contribution profit: Revenues $ 910,797 $ 1,136,872 $ (226,075 ) (20 )% Cost of revenues 471,523 598,163 (126,640 ) (21 )% Marketing 292 559 (267 ) (48 )% Contribution profit 438,982 538,150 (99,168 ) (18 )% Contribution margin 48 % 47 % The decrease in our domestic DVD revenues was due to a 20% decrease in the average number of paid memberships. The decrease in domestic DVD cost of revenues was primarily due to a $62.0 million decrease in content expenses and a $44.2 million decrease in delivery expenses resulting from a 19% decrease in the number of DVDs mailed to members. The decrease in shipments was driven by a decline in the number of DVD memberships. Other costs, primarily those associated with content processing and customer service center expenses, decreased $20.4 million primarily due to a decrease in hub operation expenses resulting from the decline in DVD shipments. Our Domestic DVD segment had a contribution margin of 48% for the year ended December 31, 2013, and was relatively flat as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. Consolidated Operating Expenses Technology and Development Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising and streaming delivery technology, as well as our telecommunications systems and infrastructures. Technology and development expenses also include costs associated with computer hardware and software. Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except percentages) Technology and development $ 472,321 $ 378,769 $ 93,552 25 % As a percentage of revenues 9 % 9 % The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to an $87.4 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 12% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. 22 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except percentages) Technology and development $ 378,769 $ 329,008 $ 49,761 15 % As a percentage of revenues 9 % 9 % The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily the result of a $42.8 million increase in personnel-related costs. These increases are primarily due to increases in employee compensation as well as an 8% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and international expansion. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for corporate personnel, as well as professional fees and other general corporate expenses. General and administrative expenses also include the gain on disposal of DVDs. Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 269,741 $ 180,301 $ 89,440 50 % As a percentage of revenues 5 % 4 % General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a $70.6 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from a 37% increase in average headcount primarily to support our international expansion, and an increase in compensation for existing employees. In addition, there was an $11.6 million increase in legal costs for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013. Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 180,301 $ 139,016 $ 41,285 30 % As a percentage of revenues 4 % 4 % The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a $22.0 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from a 31% increase in average headcount to support our growth. In addition, expenses related to the use of outside and professional services, taxes and insurance increased $8.9 million. The increase in expenses was further impacted by an $8.0 million decrease in the gain on the disposal of DVDs. Interest Expense Interest expense consists primarily of the interest associated with our outstanding long-term debt obligations, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, as well as interest on our lease financing obligations. Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest expense $ (50,219 ) $ (29,142 ) $ (21,077 ) (72 )% As a percentage of revenues 1 % 1 % Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2014 consists primarily of $46.8 million of interest on our notes. The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 is due to the higher aggregate principal of interest bearing notes outstanding. Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest expense $ (29,142 ) $ (19,986 ) $ (9,156 ) (46 )% As a percentage of revenues 1 % 1 % 23 Table of Contents Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 consists primarily of $26.1 million of interest on our 5.375% Notes. The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 is due to the higher aggregate principal of interest bearing notes outstanding, partially offset by their lower interest rate. Interest and Other Income (Expense) Interest and other income (expense) consists primarily of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign currency denominated balances. Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other income (expense) $ (3,060 ) $ (3,002 ) $ (58 ) (2 )% Interest and other income (expense) was relatively flat as compared to the prior year. Losses on foreign currency denominated balances were $8.2 million and $8.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other income (expense) $ (3,002 ) $ 474 $ (3,476 ) (733 )% Interest and other income (expense) decreased due to increased foreign exchange losses on foreign currency denominated balances. The foreign exchange losses were $8.4 million and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Extinguishment of Debt In connection with the redemption of the outstanding $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 8.50% Notes, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $25.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2013, which consisted of expenses associated with the redemption, including a $19.4 million premium payment pursuant to the make-whole provision in the indenture governing the 8.50% Notes. For further detail see Note 5 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Provision for Income Taxes Year Ended December 31, Change 2014 2013 2014 vs. 2013 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 23,899 41 % Effective tax rate 24 % 34 % In 2014, the difference between our 24% effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35% was $39.7 million primarily due to the release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits of $38.6 million as a result of an IRS Appeals settlement for the tax years 2008-2009 leading to the reassessment of our reserves for all open years, coupled with the retroactive reinstatement of the 2014 Federal research and development ("R&D") credits partially offset by state income taxes, foreign taxes and nondeductible expenses. The decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to the $38.6 million release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits. On December 19, 2014, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 (H.R. 5771) was signed into law which retroactively extended the Federal R&D credit from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014. As a result, we recognized the retroactive benefit of the 2014 Federal R&D credit of approximately $10.7 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2014, the period in which the legislation was enacted. 24 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, Change 2013 2012 2013 vs. 2012 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 58,671 $ 13,328 $ 45,343 340 % Effective tax rate 34 % 44 % In 2013, the difference between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35% was $1.2 million primarily due to the Federal and California R&D credits partially offset by state income taxes and nondeductible expenses. The decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily attributable to the retroactive reinstatement of the 2012 Federal R&D credit in January 2013. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (H.R. 8) was signed into law which retroactively extended the Federal R&D credit from January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2013. As a result, we recognized the retroactive benefit of the 2012 Federal R&D credit of approximately $3.1 million as a discrete item in the first quarter of 2013, the period in which the legislation was enacted. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $1,608.5 million and $1,200.4 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. In February 2014, we issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Senior Notes due 2024 (the "5.750% Notes"). In February 2013, we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2021 (the "5.375% Notes"). We used approximately $224.5 million of the net proceeds of our 5.375% Notes to redeem our outstanding 8.50% Notes, including a $19.4 million make-whole premium and $5.1 million of accrued and unpaid interest. In November 2011, we issued $200.0 million of Senior Convertible Notes. The Senior Convertible Notes consisted of $200.0 million aggregate principal amount due on December 1, 2018 and did not bear interest. In April 2013, we exercised our option to cause the conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock. See Note 5 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information. Our primary uses of cash include content acquisition and licensing, streaming delivery, marketing programs and payroll. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more upfront cash payments relative to the expense and therefore, future investments could impact our liquidity. We expect to significantly increase our investments in international expansion and in streaming content, particularly in original content. As a result, and to take advantage of the current favorable interest rate environment, we plan to obtain at least $1 billion in long-term debt in the first quarter of 2015. Our ability to obtain this, or any additional financing that we may choose to or need to obtain, will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. As of December 31, 2014, $130.8 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on the amount associated with undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2014, the amount associated with undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries for which we could be required to accrue and pay taxes is $29.2 million. See Note 10 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information. Free Cash Flow We define free cash flow as cash provided by operating and investing activities excluding the non-operational cash flows from purchases, maturities and sales of short-term investments. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities. Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, net income, operating income, cash flow provided by operating activities, or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. In assessing liquidity in relation to our results of operations, we compare free cash flow to net income, noting that the three major recurring differences are excess content payments over expense, non-cash stock-based compensation expense and other working capital differences. The excess content payments over expense is variable based on the payment terms of our 25 Table of Contents content agreements and is expected to continue to be significant as we enter into more agreements with upfront cash payments, such as original content agreements. Working capital differences include deferred revenue, taxes and semi-annual interest payments on our outstanding debt. Our receivables from members generally settle quickly and deferred revenue is a source of cash flow. Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 16,483 $ 97,831 Net cash used in investing activities (42,866 ) (255,968 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 541,712 476,264 Non-GAAP free cash flow reconciliation: Net cash provided by operating activities 16,483 97,831 Acquisition of DVD content library (74,790 ) (65,927 ) Purchases of property and equipment (69,726 ) (54,143 ) Other assets 1,334 5,939 Non-GAAP free cash flow $ (126,699 ) $ (16,300 ) Cash provided by operating activities decreased $81.3 million, primarily due to increased payments for content other than DVD library of $835.1 million or 32%, as well as increased payments associated with higher operating expenses. The increased use of cash was partially offset by a $1,130.1 million or 26% increase in revenues. Cash used in investing activities decreased $213.1 million, primarily due to a decrease of $242.2 million in the purchases of short-term investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities. This decrease was offset by an increase of $15.6 million purchases of property and equipment. Cash provided by financing activities increased $65.4 million primarily due to the $392.9 million net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.750% Notes in the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the $490.6 million net proceeds from the issuance of the 5.375% Notes less the $219.4 million redemption of our 8.50% Notes in the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of $56.3 million from the issuance of common stock, including the impact of excess tax benefits. Free cash flow was $393.5 million lower than net income for the year ended December 31, 2014 primarily due to $534.2 million of content cash payments over expense partially offset by $115.2 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and $25.5 million of favorable other working capital differences. Free cash flow was $128.7 million lower than net income for the year ended December 31, 2013 primarily due to $227.9 million of content cash payments over expense and $45.3 million non-favorable other working capital differences. This was partially offset by $73.1 million non-cash stock-based compensation expense, $46.3 million in deferred revenue and $25.1 million loss on debt extinguishment, the cash impact of which is a financing activity and therefore not included in free cash flow. 26 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2013 2012 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 97,831 $ 21,586 Net cash used in investing activities (255,968 ) (244,740 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 476,264 5,589 Non-GAAP free cash flow reconciliation: Net cash provided by operating activities 97,831 21,586 Acquisition of DVD content library (65,927 ) (48,275 ) Purchases of property and equipment (54,143 ) (40,278 ) Other assets 5,939 8,816 Non-GAAP free cash flow $ (16,300 ) $ (58,151 ) Cash provided by operating activities increased $76.2 million, primarily due to an increase in revenues of $765.3 million or 21%. This increase was partially offset by increased payments for content acquisition and licensing other than DVD library of $502.6 million or 24% as well as increased payments associated with higher operating expenses. Operating activities were further impacted by increased payments for streaming delivery, payment processing fees and customer service call centers due to our growing member base. Cash used in investing activities increased $11.2 million, primarily due to an increase of $17.7 million in the acquisition of DVD content library and a $13.9 million increase in the purchase of property and equipment primarily due to investments in our streaming delivery network. Cash outflow was offset by a $23.2 million increase in the proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments, net of purchases. Cash provided by financing activities increased $470.7 million. In the first quarter of 2013, we issued $500.0 million of 5.375% Notes, with net proceeds of $490.6 million after payment of debt issuance costs. This was offset by the $219.4 million redemption of our 8.50% Senior Notes. Financing activities were further impacted by $197.6 million of increased cash flows provided by stock option exercises. Free cash flow was $75.3 million lower than net income for the year ended December 31, 2012 primarily due to $143.9 million of content cash payments over expense and $5.3 million non-favorable other working capital differences partially offset by $73.9 million non-cash stock-based compensation expense. Contractual Obligations For the purpose of this table, contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The expected timing of payment of the obligations discussed below is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2014. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2014: Payments due by Period Contractual obligations (in thousands): Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Streaming content obligations (1) $ 9,451,112 $ 3,747,648 $ 4,495,103 $ 1,164,308 $ 44,053 Debt (2) 1,290,948 49,875 99,750 99,750 1,041,573 Lease obligations (3) 211,133 35,501 64,775 34,727 76,130 Other purchase obligations (4) 496,916 220,393 269,584 6,654 285 Total $ 11,450,109 $ 4,053,417 $ 4,929,212 $ 1,305,439 $ 1,162,041 (1) As of December 31, 2014, streaming content obligations were comprised of $2.1 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $1.6 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $5.8 billion of 27 Table of Contents obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as they do not yet meet the criteria for asset recognition. Streaming content obligations increased $2.2 billion from $7.3 billion as of December 31, 2013 to $9.5 billion as of December 31, 2014 primarily due to multi-year commitments associated with our latest market launches in Europe and the continued expansion of our exclusive and original programming. A streaming content obligation is incurred at the time we enter into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is generally recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and / or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Because the amount is not reasonably estimable, we do not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the unknown obligations are expected to be significant and the expected timing of payments could range from less than one year to more than five years. Traditional film output deals, like the future output deal with Disney, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of license agreements not included in the contractual obligations table. Once we know the title that we will receive and the license fees, we include the amount in the streaming content obligations. (2) Long-term debt obligations include our 5.375% Notes and 5.750% Notes consisting of principal and interest payments. See Note 5 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details. (3) Lease obligations include lease financing obligations of $9.4 million related to our current Los Gatos, California headquarters for which we are the deemed owner for accounting purposes and commitments of $201.7 million for facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through approximately 2025, including commitments of $122.2 million for facilities lease agreements which will commence after the leased buildings have been constructed. (4) Other purchase obligations include all other non-cancelable contractual obligations. These contracts are primarily related to streaming delivery, DVD content acquisition, and miscellaneous open purchase orders for which we have not received the related services or goods. As of December 31, 2014, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $34.8 million and an additional $0.4 million for gross interest and penalties classified as “Other non-current liabilities” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At this time, we are not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any transactions with unconsolidated entities, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us. Indemnifications The information set forth under Note 7 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data under the caption “Guarantees—Indemnification Obligations” is incorporated herein by reference. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has defined a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 28 Table of Contents Streaming Content We license and acquire rights to stream TV shows, movies, and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These rights are for a fixed fee and specify windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more upfront cash payments relative to expense. We capitalize the fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as “Current content library, net” and the remaining portion as “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance sheets. The acquisition of streaming content rights and the changes in related liabilities are classified within cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We amortize the content library in “Cost of revenues” on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate: • For content that does not premiere on the Netflix service (representing the vast majority of content), we amortize on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges from six months to five years. • For content that premieres on the Netflix service, we expect more upfront viewing due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts for this original content available only on Netflix. Hence, we amortize on an accelerated basis over the amortization period, which is the shorter of four years or the license period, beginning with the month of first availability. If a subsequent season is added, the amortization period is extended by a year. • If the cost per title cannot be reasonably estimated, the license fee is not capitalized and costs are expensed on a straight line basis over the license period. This typically occurs when the license agreement does not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title. We review factors impacting the amortization of the content library, including historical and estimated viewing patterns, on a regular basis. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. Changes in our estimates could have a significant impact on our future results of operations. The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content (whether capitalized or not) is reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries (such as Latin America). No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. We have entered into certain licenses with performing rights organizations ("PROs"), and are currently involved in negotiations with other PROs, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. Accruals for estimated license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any changes in estimates. These amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates. Income Taxes We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of any tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. Actual operating results in future years could differ from our current assumptions, judgments and estimates. However, we believe that it is more 29 Table of Contents likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets will ultimately be realized. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such determination. We did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. At December 31, 2014 , our estimated gross unrecognized tax benefits were $34.8 million of which $29.2 million, if recognized, would favorably impact our future earnings. Due to uncertainties in any tax audit outcome, our estimates of the ultimate settlement of our unrecognized tax positions may change and the actual tax benefits may differ significantly from the estimates. See Note 10 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding income taxes. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation expense at the grant date is based on the total number of options granted and an estimate of the fair value of the awards expected to vest and is recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. We calculate the fair value of our stock option grants using a lattice-binomial model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of options granted and our results of operations could be impacted. • Expected Volatility: Our computation of expected volatility is based on a blend of historical volatility of our common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of our common stock. Our decision to incorporate implied volatility was based on our assessment that implied volatility of publicly traded options in our common stock is more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of our common stock. Low trade volume of our tradable forward call options prior to 2011 precluded sole reliance on implied volatility, and as such we include historical volatility in our computation of expected volatility. An increase/decrease of 10% in our computation of expected volatility would increase/decrease the total stock-based compensation expense by approximately $10.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 . • Suboptimal Exercise Factor: Our computation of the suboptimal exercise factor is based on historical option exercise behavior and is determined for both executives and non-executives. An increase/decrease in the suboptimal exercise factor of 10% would increase/decrease the total stock-based compensation expense by approximately $2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 . Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risks related to interest rate changes and the corresponding changes in the market values of our investments, debt and foreign currency fluctuations. Interest Rate Risk The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal, while at the same time maximizing income we receive from investments without significantly increased risk. To achieve this objective, we follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes. We maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities. These securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in “Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income” within Stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , we had no material impairment charges associated with our short-term investment portfolio. Although we believe our current investment portfolio has very little risk of material impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no assurance that our investment portfolio will remain materially unimpaired. Some of the securities we invest in may be subject to market risk due to changes in prevailing interest rates which may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate at the then-prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of our investment will decline. At December 31, 2014 , our cash equivalents were generally invested in money market funds, which are not subject to market risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate. Our short-term investments were comprised of corporate debt securities, government and agency securities and asset backed securities. 30 Table of Contents Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of the securities we hold that are classified as short-term investments. The table below separates these investments, based on stated maturities, to show the approximate exposure to interest rates as of December 31, 2014. (in thousands) Due within one year $ 113,864 Due after one year and through 5 years 381,024 Total $ 494,888 A sensitivity analysis was performed on our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2014 . The analysis is based on an estimate of the hypothetical changes in market value of the portfolio that would result from an immediate parallel shift in the yield curve of various magnitudes. This methodology assumes a more immediate change in interest rates to reflect the current economic environment. The following table presents the hypothetical fair values of our debt securities classified as short-term investments assuming immediate parallel shifts in the yield curve of 50 basis points (“BPS”), 100 BPS and 150 BPS. The analysis is shown as of December 31, 2014 : Fair Value as of December 31, 2014 (in thousands) -150 BPS -100 BPS -50 BPS +50 BPS +100 BPS +150 BPS $ 499,791 $ 499,276 $ 497,704 $ 491,957 $ 489,026 $ 486,095 Based on investment positions as of December 31, 2014, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $5.9 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. As of December 31, 2013, a similar 100 basis point increase in the yield curve would have resulted in an $8.6 million incremental decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity. As of December 31, 2014, we had $900.0 million of debt, consisting of fixed rate unsecured debt in two tranches: $500.0 million of 5.375% notes due in 2021; and $400.0 million of 5.750% notes due in 2024. The fair value of our debt will fluctuate with movements of interest rates, increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. Foreign Currency Risk We have foreign currency risk related to our revenues and expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Euro, the British Pound, the Canadian Dollar, and the Brazilian Real. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates may negatively affect our revenue and contribution profit (loss) of our International streaming segment as expressed in U.S. dollars. We also have foreign currency risk related to foreign currency transactions and monetary assets and liabilities, including intercompany balances denominated in currencies that are not the functional currency. We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on these foreign currency transactions and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. W e do not use foreign exchange contracts to hedge any foreign currency exposures. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. To date, the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate changes on our International streaming segment contribution profit (loss) and Consolidated net income have not been material. However, our continued international expansion increases our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and as a result such fluctuations could have a significant impact on our future results of operations. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included immediately following Part IV hereof and incorporated by reference herein. 31 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Netflix have been detected. (b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act)). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 . In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014 . The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein. (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2014 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 32 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Netflix, Inc. We have audited Netflix, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Netflix, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Netflix, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Netflix, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 of Netflix, Inc. and our report dated January 29, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP San Jose, California January 29, 2015 33 Table of Contents Item 9B. Other Information None. 34 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information regarding our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the sections “Proposal One: Election of Directors,” “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance” and “Code of Ethics” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Compensation of Executive Officers and Other Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information with respect to principal independent registered public accounting firm fees and services is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 35 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (2) Financial Statement Schedules: The financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (3) Exhibits: 36 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-49802 3.1 August 2, 2004 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 000-49802 3.1 March 20, 2009 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-49802 3.3 August 2, 2004 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-83878 4.1 April 16, 2002 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 8-K 001-35727 4.1 February 1, 2013 4.3 Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2014, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 8-K 001-35727 4.1 February 19, 2014 10.1† Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors S-1/A 333-83878 10.1 March 20, 2002 10.2† Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-49802 A March 31, 2006 10.3† 2011 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-49802 A April 20, 2011 10.4† Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan 10-K 000-49802 10.7 February 1, 2013 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2014, by and among the Company and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representative of the Initial Purchasers listed in Schedule 1 thereto 8-K 001-35727 10.1 February 19, 2014 10.6† Performance Bonus Plan Def 14A 001-35727 A April 28, 2014 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries X 23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP X 24 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1* Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 The following financial information from Netflix, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on January 29, 2015, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. X 37 Table of Contents * These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. † Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 38 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 40 Consolidated Statements of Operations 41 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 42 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 43 Consolidated Balance Sheets 44 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 45 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46 39 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Netflix, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netflix, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Netflix, Inc. at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Netflix, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated January 29, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP San Jose, California January 29, 2015 40 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Revenues $ 5,504,656 $ 4,374,562 $ 3,609,282 Cost of revenues 3,752,760 3,117,203 2,652,058 Marketing 607,186 469,942 439,208 Technology and development 472,321 378,769 329,008 General and administrative 269,741 180,301 139,016 Operating income 402,648 228,347 49,992 Other income (expense): Interest expense (50,219 ) (29,142 ) (19,986 ) Interest and other income (expense) (3,060 ) (3,002 ) 474 Loss on extinguishment of debt — (25,129 ) — Income before income taxes 349,369 171,074 30,480 Provision for income taxes 82,570 58,671 13,328 Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Earnings per share: Basic $ 4.44 $ 1.93 $ 0.31 Diluted $ 4.32 $ 1.85 $ 0.29 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 60,078 58,198 55,521 Diluted 61,699 60,761 58,904 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 41 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments (7,768 ) 1,772 1,357 Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax of $(156), $(697), and $538, respectively (253 ) (1,116 ) 856 Total other comprehensive income (loss) (8,021 ) 656 2,213 Comprehensive income $ 258,778 $ 113,059 $ 19,365 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 42 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Additions to streaming content library (3,773,459 ) (3,049,758 ) (2,515,506 ) Change in streaming content liabilities 593,125 673,785 762,089 Amortization of streaming content library 2,656,279 2,121,981 1,591,218 Amortization of DVD content library 71,491 71,325 65,396 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles 54,028 48,374 45,469 Stock-based compensation expense 115,239 73,100 73,948 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation (89,341 ) (81,663 ) (4,543 ) Other non-cash items 15,282 5,332 (8,392 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt — 25,129 — Deferred taxes (30,063 ) (22,044 ) (30,071 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other current assets (8,758 ) 62,234 (5,432 ) Accounts payable 83,812 18,374 (4,943 ) Accrued expenses 55,636 1,941 9,806 Deferred revenue 58,819 46,295 20,676 Other non-current assets and liabilities (52,406 ) (8,977 ) 4,719 Net cash provided by operating activities 16,483 97,831 21,586 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of DVD content library (74,790 ) (65,927 ) (48,275 ) Purchases of property and equipment (69,726 ) (54,143 ) (40,278 ) Other assets 1,334 5,939 8,816 Purchases of short-term investments (426,934 ) (550,264 ) (477,321 ) Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 385,300 347,502 282,953 Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 141,950 60,925 29,365 Net cash used in investing activities (42,866 ) (255,968 ) (244,740 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 60,544 124,557 4,124 Proceeds from public offering of common stock, net of issuance costs — — (464 ) Proceeds from issuance of debt 400,000 500,000 — Debt issuance costs (7,080 ) (9,414 ) (295 ) Redemption of debt — (219,362 ) — Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 89,341 81,663 4,543 Principal payments of lease financing obligations (1,093 ) (1,180 ) (2,319 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 541,712 476,264 5,589 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6,686 ) (3,453 ) (197 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 508,643 314,674 (217,762 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 604,965 290,291 508,053 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 1,113,608 $ 604,965 $ 290,291 Supplemental disclosure: Income taxes paid $ 50,573 $ 7,465 $ 28,853 Interest paid 41,085 19,114 19,009 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 43 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) As of December 31, 2014 2013 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,113,608 $ 604,965 Short-term investments 494,888 595,440 Current content library, net 2,125,702 1,706,421 Other current assets 206,271 151,937 Total current assets 3,940,469 3,058,763 Non-current content library, net 2,773,326 2,091,071 Property and equipment, net 149,875 133,605 Other non-current assets 192,981 129,124 Total assets $ 7,056,651 $ 5,412,563 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current liabilities: Current content liabilities $ 2,117,241 $ 1,775,983 Accounts payable 201,581 108,435 Accrued expenses 69,746 54,018 Deferred revenue 274,586 215,767 Total current liabilities 2,663,154 2,154,203 Non-current content liabilities 1,575,832 1,345,590 Long-term debt 900,000 500,000 Other non-current liabilities 59,957 79,209 Total liabilities 5,198,943 4,079,002 Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013 — — Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; 60,415,841 and 59,607,001 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 60 60 Additional paid-in capital 1,042,810 777,441 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (4,446 ) 3,575 Retained earnings 819,284 552,485 Total stockholders’ equity 1,857,708 1,333,561 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 7,056,651 $ 5,412,563 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 44 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Retained Earnings Total Stockholders’ Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2011 55,398,615 $ 55 $ 219,119 $ 706 $ 422,930 $ 642,810 Net income — — — — 17,152 17,152 Other comprehensive income — — — 2,213 — 2,213 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 188,552 1 4,123 — — 4,124 Stock-based compensation expense — — 73,948 — — 73,948 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 4,426 — — 4,426 Balances as of December 31, 2012 55,587,167 $ 56 $ 301,616 $ 2,919 $ 440,082 $ 744,673 Net income — — — — 112,403 112,403 Other comprehensive income — — — 656 — 656 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 1,688,774 2 124,555 — — 124,557 Note conversion 2,331,060 2 198,206 — — 198,208 Stock-based compensation expense — — 73,100 — — 73,100 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 79,964 — — 79,964 Balances as of December 31, 2013 59,607,001 $ 60 $ 777,441 $ 3,575 $ 552,485 $ 1,333,561 Net income — — — — 266,799 266,799 Other comprehensive loss — — — (8,021 ) — (8,021 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 808,840 — 61,190 — — 61,190 Stock-based compensation expense — — 115,239 — — 115,239 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 88,940 — — 88,940 Balances as of December 31, 2014 60,415,841 $ 60 $ 1,042,810 $ (4,446 ) $ 819,284 $ 1,857,708 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 45 Table of Contents NETFLIX, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is the world’s leading Internet television network with over 57 million members in nearly 50 countries enjoying more than two billion hours of TV shows and movies per month, including original series, documentaries and feature films. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States ("U.S."), members can receive DVDs. The Company has three reportable segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. A majority of the Company’s revenues are generated in the United States, and substantially all of the Company’s long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company’s revenues are derived from monthly membership fees. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content library; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. New Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the impact to be material. Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income” within Stockholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments. Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. 46 Table of Contents Streaming Content The Company licenses and acquires rights to stream TV shows, movies and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These rights are for a fixed fee and specify windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more up-front cash relative to expense. The Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as “Current content library, net” and the remaining portion as “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of streaming content rights and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within cash used in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company amortizes the content library in “Cost of revenues” on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate: • For content that does not premiere on the Netflix service (representing the vast majority of content), the Company amortizes on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each title’s contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges from six months to five years. • For content that premieres on the Netflix service, the Company expects more upfront viewing due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts for this original content available only on Netflix. Hence, the Company amortizes on an accelerated basis over the amortization period, which is the shorter of four years or the license period, beginning with the month of first availability. If a subsequent season is added, the amortization period is extended by a year. • If the cost per title cannot be reasonably estimated, the license fee is not capitalized and costs are expensed on a straight line basis over the license period. This typically occurs when the license agreement does not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title. The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content (whether capitalized or not) is reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries (such as Latin America). No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. DVD Content Library The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from one year to two years. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years , or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the “sale-leaseback” criteria. 47 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed to members that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been redeemed. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company’s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were $533.1 million , $404.0 million and $351.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. Income Taxes The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as of December 31, 2014 or 2013 . The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. Foreign Currency The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" in Stockholders’ equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income (expense). Foreign currency transactions resulted in losses of $8.2 million , $8.4 million , and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company’s Convertible Notes (prior to the conversion of such notes in April 2013) and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. The computation of earnings per share is as follows: 48 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands, except per share data) Basic earnings per share: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 58,198 55,521 Basic earnings per share $ 4.44 $ 1.93 $ 0.31 Diluted earnings per share: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax — 49 195 Numerator for diluted earnings per share 266,799 112,452 17,347 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 58,198 55,521 Convertible Notes shares — 715 2,331 Employee stock options 1,621 1,848 1,052 Weighted-average number of shares 61,699 60,761 58,904 Diluted earnings per share $ 4.32 $ 1.85 $ 0.29 Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation: Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Employee stock options 131 198 1,207 Stock-Based Compensation The Company grants fully vested non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation. 2. Reclassifications Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation in the consolidated financial statements. Costs of revenues in the amount of $33.9 million and $26.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to free-trial periods that were previously allocated to “Marketing” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations have been reallocated to “Cost of revenues”. There was no impact in any period presented to contribution profit or net income or to the Consolidated Balance Sheets or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 3. Short-term Investments The Company’s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. The following tables summarize, by major security type, the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy and where they are classified on the consolidated balance sheets. 49 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2014 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash $ 1,007,543 $ — $ — $ 1,007,543 Level 1 securities: Money market funds 111,759 — — 111,759 Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities 295,500 432 (199 ) 295,733 Government securities 168,749 120 (95 ) 168,774 Asset and mortgage-backed securities 112 — — 112 Certificate of deposits 3,600 — — 3,600 Agency securities 26,665 5 (1 ) 26,669 Total $ 1,613,928 $ 557 $ (295 ) $ 1,614,190 As of December 31, 2013 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash $ 483,959 $ — $ — $ 483,959 Level 1 securities: Money market funds 126,208 — — 126,208 Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities 316,465 1,245 (654 ) 317,056 Government securities 143,812 287 (18 ) 144,081 Asset and mortgage-backed securities 93,118 229 (418 ) 92,929 Certificate of deposits 23,425 — — 23,425 Agency securities 17,951 — (2 ) 17,949 Total $ 1,204,938 $ 1,761 $ (1,092 ) $ 1,205,607 As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,113,608 $ 604,965 Short-term investments 494,888 595,440 Non-current assets (1) 5,694 5,202 Total $ 1,614,190 $ 1,205,607 (1) Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company’s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The fair value of available-for-sale securities and cash equivalents included in the Level 1 category is based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These values were obtained from an independent pricing service and were evaluated using pricing models that 50 Table of Contents vary by asset class and may incorporate available trade, bid and other market information and price quotes from well-established independent pricing vendors and broker-dealers. The Company’s procedures include controls to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded, such as comparing prices obtained from multiple independent sources. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of the Company’s senior convertible notes and senior notes. Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell any investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2014 . There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 or 2012 . There were no material gross realized gains or losses from the sale of available-for-sale investments in the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 . Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income. The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2014 is as follows: (in thousands) Due within one year $ 113,864 Due after one year and through 5 years 381,024 Total short-term investments $ 494,888 4. Balance Sheet Components Content Library Content library consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Total content library, gross $ 8,497,403 $ 6,474,688 Accumulated amortization (3,598,375 ) (2,677,196 ) Total content library, net 4,899,028 3,797,492 Current content library, net 2,125,702 1,706,421 Non-current content library, net $ 2,773,326 $ 2,091,071 51 Table of Contents Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: As of December 31, Estimated Useful Lives (in Years) 2014 2013 (in thousands) Information technology assets $ 189,274 $ 139,306 3 years Furniture and fixtures 25,758 21,011 3 years Building 40,681 40,681 30 years Leasehold improvements 57,339 51,194 Over life of lease DVD operations equipment 89,144 96,361 5 years Capital work-in-progress 12,495 8,643 Property and equipment, gross 414,691 357,196 Less: Accumulated depreciation (264,816 ) (223,591 ) Property and equipment, net $ 149,875 $ 133,605 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had unpaid property and equipment included in accounts payable of $11.8 million and $6.8 million , respectively on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and consequently such amounts are excluded from purchases of property and equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 5. Long-term Debt Senior Convertible Notes In November 2011, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of zero coupon senior convertible notes due on December 1, 2018 (the “Convertible Notes”) in a private placement offering to TCV VII, L.P., TCV VII(A), L.P., and TCV Member Fund, L.P. A general partner of these funds also serves on the Company’s Board of Directors, and as such, the issuance of the notes is considered a related party transaction. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately $197.8 million . Debt issuance costs of $2.2 million (of which $0.3 million was paid in the year ended December 31, 2012) were recorded in “Other non-current assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. At any time following May 28, 2012, the Company could have elected to cause the conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company’s common stock when specified conditions were satisfied, including that the daily volume weighted average price of the Company’s common stock was equal to or greater than $111.54 for at least 50 trading days during a 65 trading day period prior to the conversion date. The Company determined that the embedded conversion option in the Convertible Notes did not require separate accounting treatment as a derivative instrument because it was both indexed to the Company's own stock and would be classified in stockholders' equity if freestanding. Additionally, the Convertible Notes did not require or permit any portion of the obligation to be settled in cash and accordingly the liability and equity (conversion option) components were not required to be accounted for separately. In April 2013, after all specified conditions were satisfied, the Company elected to cause the conversion of all outstanding Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $200.0 million in accordance with the terms of the Indenture governing such notes. Pursuant to this conversion, the Company issued 2.3 million shares of common stock to the holders of the Convertible Notes at a conversion ratio of 11.6553 . The fair market value of one share of common stock on the date of conversion was $216.99 per share. 8.50% Senior Notes In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November 15, 2017 (the “ 8.50% Notes”). The net proceeds to the Company were approximately $193.9 million . Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million were recorded in “Other non-current assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and were senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest was payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50% per annum on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on May 15, 2010. The 8.50% Notes were repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The 52 Table of Contents Company could redeem the 8.50% Notes prior to November 15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a “make-whole” premium. In the first quarter of 2013, the Company redeemed the outstanding $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% Notes and pursuant to the make-whole provision in the Indenture governing the 8.50% Notes, paid a $19.4 million premium and $5.1 million of accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $25.1 million related to redemption of the 8.50% Notes which included the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs of $4.2 million . 5.375% Senior Notes In February 2013, the Company issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2021 (the “ 5.375% Notes”). The 5.375% Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 5.375% per annum on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on August 1, 2013. The 5.375% Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the 5.375% Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest plus a make-whole payment equivalent to the present value of the remaining interest payments through maturity. The 5.375% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. At December 31, 2014 the Company was in compliance with these covenants. In the first quarter of 2013, the Company used $224.5 million of the net proceeds of the 5.375% Notes to redeem the outstanding $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% Notes. Based on quoted market prices in less active markets (a Level 2 input for this financial instrument), the fair value of the 5.375% Notes was $520.0 million and $506.3 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively. 5.750% Senior Notes In February 2014, the Company issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Senior Notes due 2024 (the " 5.750% Notes"). The 5.750% Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 5.750% per annum on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2014. The 5.750% Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the 5.750% Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest plus a make-whole payment equivalent to the present value of the remaining interest payments through maturity. The 5.750% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. At December 31, 2014, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Based on quoted market prices in less active markets (a Level 2 input for this financial instrument), the fair value of the 5.750% Notes as of December 31, 2014 was $416.0 million . 6. Commitments and Contingencies Streaming Content At December 31, 2014, the Company had $9.5 billion of obligations comprised of $2.1 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $1.6 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $5.8 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 53 Table of Contents At December 31, 2013, the Company had $7.3 billion of obligations comprised of $1.8 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $1.3 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $4.2 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The expected timing of payments for these streaming content obligations is as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Less than one year $ 3,747,648 $ 2,972,325 Due after one year and through 3 years 4,495,103 3,266,907 Due after 3 years and through 5 years 1,164,308 929,645 Due after 5 years 44,053 83,284 Total streaming content obligations $ 9,451,112 $ 7,252,161 A streaming content obligation is incurred at the time the Company enters into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is generally recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and / or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Because the amount is not reasonably estimable, the Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the unknown obligations are expected to be significant and the expected timing of payments could range from less than one year to more than five years. The Company has entered into certain licenses with performing rights organizations ("PROs"), and is currently involved in negotiations with other PROs, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. Accruals for estimated license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any change in estimates. These amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates. Lease obligations The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2019. Several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation for intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments. Because the terms of the Company’s original facilities lease agreements for its current Los Gatos, California headquarters site required the Company’s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings, the Company is the “deemed owner” (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million , representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. In the first quarter of 2010, the Company extended the facilities leases for the current Los Gatos buildings for an additional five year term after the remaining term of the original lease, thus increasing the future minimum payments under lease financing obligations by approximately $14 million . The leases continue to be accounted for as financing obligations and no gain or loss was recorded as a result of the lease financing modification. At December 31, 2014, the lease financing obligation balance was $29.6 million , of which $1.2 million and $28.4 million were recorded in “Accrued expenses” and “Other non-current liabilities,” respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining future minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are $9.4 million . The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the extended lease term will be approximately $25.8 million which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor. 54 Table of Contents In the third quarter of 2013, the Company entered into facilities lease agreements to expand its Los Gatos headquarters. At the time the Company entered into these lease agreements, the prior agreement signed in the fourth quarter of 2012 was simultaneously terminated. The 124 month lease term for each of the new leases will commence after the construction of the buildings is complete. Future minimum lease payments associated with these leases are $122.2 million as of December 31, 2014 and are included below. Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2014 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future Minimum Payments (in thousands) 2015 $ 35,501 2016 37,078 2017 27,697 2018 19,804 2019 14,923 Thereafter 76,130 Total minimum payments $ 211,133 Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $26.6 million , $27.9 million and $29.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. Legal Proceedings From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. On January 13, 2012, the first of three purported shareholder class action lawsuits was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Two additional purported shareholder class action lawsuits were filed in the same court on January 27, 2012 and February 29, 2012 alleging substantially similar claims. These lawsuits were consolidated into In re Netflix, Inc., Securities Litigation , Case No. 3:12-cv-00225-SC, and the Court selected lead plaintiffs. On June 26, 2012, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint which alleged violations of the federal securities laws. The Court dismissed the consolidated complaint with leave to amend on February 13, 2013. Lead plaintiffs filed a first amended consolidated complaint on March 22, 2013. The Court dismissed the first amended consolidated complaint with prejudice on August 20, 2013, and judgment was entered on September 27, 2013. Lead plaintiffs filed a motion to alter or amend the judgment and requested leave to file a second amended complaint on October 25, 2013. On January 17, 2014, the Court denied that motion. On February 18, 2014, lead plaintiffs appealed that decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable On November 23, 2011, the first of six purported shareholder derivative suits was filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County, against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Five additional purported shareholder derivative suits were subsequently filed: two in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County on February 9, 2012 and May 2, 2012; and three in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on February 13, 2012, February 24, 2012 and April 2, 2012. The purported shareholder derivative suits filed in the Northern District of California have been voluntarily dismissed. On July 5, 2012, the purported shareholder derivative suits filed in Santa Clara County were consolidated into In re Netflix, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation , Case No. 1-12-cv-218399, and lead counsel was appointed. A consolidated complaint was filed on December 4, 2012, with plaintiffs seeking compensatory damages and other relief. The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that certain of the Company's current and former officers and directors breached their fiduciary duties, issued false and misleading statements primarily regarding the Company's streaming business, violated accounting rules concerning segment reporting, violated provisions of the California Corporations 55 Table of Contents Code, and wasted corporate assets. The consolidated complaint further alleges that the defendants caused the Company to buy back stock at artificially inflated prices to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders while contemporaneously selling personally held Company stock. The Company filed a demurrer to the consolidated complaint and a motion to stay the derivative litigation in favor of the related federal securities class action on February 4, 2013. On June 21, 2013, the Court granted the motion to stay the derivative litigation pending resolution of the related federal securities class action. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. 7. Guarantees—Indemnification Obligations In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract. The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. 8. Stockholders’ Equity On November 2, 2012, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one right (a “Right”) for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Shares”), of the Company to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 12, 2012 (the “Record Date”). Each Right entitled the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Preferred Shares”), of the Company at an exercise price of $350 per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, subject to adjustment (the “Exercise Price”). The Rights were exercisable in the event any person or group acquires 10% (or 20% in the case of certain institutional investors who report their holdings on Schedule 13G) or more of the Common Shares without the approval of the Board, and until such time are inseparable from and trade with the Company's common stock. The Rights had a de minimus fair value. The Rights Agreement was amended on December 30, 2013 to accelerate the expiration of the Rights from the close of business on November 2, 2015 to the close of business on December 30, 2013, and had the effect of terminating the Rights Agreement on that date. At the time of the termination of the Rights Agreement, all of the Rights distributed to holders of the Company’s common stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement expired. In April 2013, the Company issued 2.3 million shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further details. Preferred Stock In 2012, the Company designated 1,000,000 shares of its preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share as Series A Participating Preferred Stock. The remaining 9,000,000 shares of preferred stock with par value of $0.001 remained undesignated. In connection with the expiration of the Rights and the termination of the Rights Agreement on December 30, 2013, the shares that were designated to such series were returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company, and the Company therefore now has 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001 that are undesignated. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013 . 56 Table of Contents Voting Rights The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company’s stockholders. Stock Option Plans In June 2011, the Company adopted the 2011 Stock Plan. The 2011 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2014 , 2.9 million shares were reserved for future grants under the 2011 Stock Plan. In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provided for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. In the first quarter of 2012, 1.2 million shares reserved for future grants under the 2002 Stock Plan expired. A summary of the activities related to the Company’s stock option plans is as follows: Shares Available for Grant Options Outstanding Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in Thousands) Number of Shares Weighted- Average Exercise Price Balances as of December 31, 2011 7,013,508 2,957,754 $ 66.59 Granted (1,803,798 ) 1,803,798 73.94 Exercised — (188,552 ) 21.85 Canceled 48 (48 ) 35.95 Expired (1,160,721 ) — Balances as of December 31, 2012 4,049,037 4,572,952 $ 71.33 Granted (642,720 ) 642,720 208.94 Exercised — (1,688,774 ) 73.75 Balances as of December 31, 2013 3,406,317 3,526,898 $ 95.25 Granted (545,573 ) 545,573 402.85 Exercised — (808,840 ) 75.65 Balances as of December 31, 2014 2,860,744 3,263,631 $ 151.53 6.14 $ 654,673 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2014 3,263,631 $ 151.53 6.14 $ 654,673 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2014 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on the last trading day of 2014. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 was $265.1 million , $274.2 million and $14.7 million , respectively. Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 was $60.5 million , $124.6 million and $4.1 million , respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 ESPP under which employees purchased common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever was lower. Under the ESPP, the offering and purchase periods took place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price was six months. Employees could invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event was an employee permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six -month purchase period. 57 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2014 , there were 2,785,721 shares available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company’s ESPP was suspended in 2011 and there were no offerings subsequent to 2011. Stock-Based Compensation Vested stock options granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after January 2007 will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using the lattice-binomial model and the valuation data: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Dividend yield — % — % — % Expected volatility 41% - 48% 51% - 54% 55% - 65% Risk-free interest rate 2.39% - 2.83% 1.87% - 2.71% 1.61% - 2.01% Suboptimal exercise factor 2.66 - 5.44 2.33 - 3.92 2.26 - 3.65 Valuation data: Weighted-average fair value (per share) $ 211.22 $ 113.74 $ 41.00 Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands) 115,239 73,100 73,948 Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands) 43,999 28,096 28,537 The Company considers several factors in determining the suboptimal exercise factor including the historical and estimated option exercise behavior and the employee groupings. The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company’s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. Low trade volume of the Company's tradable forward call options prior to 2011 precluded sole reliance on implied volatility, and as such the Company includes historical volatility in the computation of expected volatility. In valuing shares issued under the Company’s employee stock option plans, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. Stock Repurchase Program Under the stock repurchase plan announced on June 11, 2010, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2012. As of December 31, 2012, the Company has repurchased $259.0 million of its common stock under this plan. As of December 31, 2012, the plan has expired and the remaining $41.0 million was unused. There were no stock repurchases in 2012, 2013 or 2014. 58 Table of Contents 9. Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency Change in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Total (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ 1,381 $ 1,538 $ 2,919 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 1,772 (1,597 ) 175 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income — 481 481 Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income 1,772 (1,116 ) 656 Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 3,153 $ 422 $ 3,575 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (7,768 ) 337 (7,431 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)income — (590 ) (590 ) Net decrease in other comprehensive (loss) income (7,768 ) (253 ) (8,021 ) Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ (4,615 ) $ 169 $ (4,446 ) All amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were related to realized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. These reclassifications impacted "Interest and other income (expense)" on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 10. Income Taxes Income before provision for income taxes was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) United States $ 325,081 $ 159,126 $ 27,885 Foreign 24,288 11,948 2,595 Income before income taxes $ 349,369 $ 171,074 $ 30,480 The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Current tax provision: Federal $ 86,623 $ 58,558 $ 34,387 State 9,866 15,154 7,850 Foreign 16,144 7,003 1,162 Total current 112,633 80,715 43,399 Deferred tax provision: Federal (10,994 ) (18,930 ) (26,903 ) State (17,794 ) (2,751 ) (3,168 ) Foreign (1,275 ) (363 ) — Total deferred (30,063 ) (22,044 ) (30,071 ) Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 13,328 59 Table of Contents U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes associated with the repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries were not provided for on a cumulative total of $29.2 million of undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014. The Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in its foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes net of available foreign tax credits associated with these earnings. The amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is approximately $10.2 million . Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options of $88.9 million , $80.0 million and $4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively, were recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% $ 122,279 $ 59,878 $ 10,667 State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect 13,274 8,053 2,914 R&D tax credit (18,655 ) (13,841 ) (1,803 ) Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits (38,612 ) — — Other 4,284 4,581 1,550 Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 13,328 The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Deferred tax assets (liabilities): Stock-based compensation $ 100,397 $ 69,201 Accruals and reserves 13,415 13,022 Depreciation and amortization (11,708 ) (11,159 ) R&D credits 21,014 19,196 Other (2,778 ) 824 Total deferred tax assets 120,340 91,084 Valuation allowance — (481 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 120,340 $ 90,603 Deferred tax assets include $13.4 million and $21.5 million classified as “Other current assets” and $106.9 million and $69.1 million classified as “Other non-current assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 , respectively. In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 , it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no significant valuation allowance was recorded. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's state tax credit carryforwards for tax return purposes were $41.9 million , of which $41.1 million can be carried forward indefinitely and $0.8 million expire in 2024. On December 19, 2014, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 (H.R.5771) was signed into law which retroactively extends the Federal research and development credit from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014. As a result, the Company recognized the retroactive benefit of the Federal research and development credit of approximately $10.7 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2014, the period in which the legislation was enacted. 60 Table of Contents The Company classifies unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as “Other non-current liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2014 , the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $34.8 million , of which $29.2 million , if recognized, would favorably impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company’s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands): Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ 43,337 Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods 4 Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (25 ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 24,915 Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 68,231 Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (39,015 ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 11,174 Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities (5,578 ) Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ 34,812 The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 , the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $0.4 million and $3.9 million , respectively, which is classified as “Other non-current liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest and penalties included in the Company's provision for income taxes were not material in all the periods presented. The Company files U.S. federal, state and foreign tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2010 through 2013. The IRS had previously completed its Field Exam of the 2008 and 2009 federal tax returns and issued a Revenue Agents Report with a proposed assessment primarily related to the Company's R&D Credits claimed in those years. The Company filed a protest against the proposed assessment and settlement was reached with the IRS Appeals Division in December 2014. As a result, the Company reassessed the tax reserves for all open years and released $38.6 million of tax reserves in the fourth quarter of 2014. The IRS Field Exam of the 2010 through 2013 federal tax returns is in progress. The Company is also currently under examination by the state of California for the years 2006 and 2007. California has completed its Field Exam of the 2006 and 2007 California tax returns and has issued a Notice of Proposed Assessment primarily related to the Company's R&D Credits claimed in those years. The Company has filed a protest against the proposed assessment and is currently awaiting the commencement of the Protest process with the Franchise Tax Board. The years 1997 through 2005, as well as 2008 through 2013, remain subject to examination by the state of California. The Company is currently not under examination in any foreign jurisdiction. The years 2011 through 2013 remain subject to examination by foreign jurisdictions. Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months. However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made. 11. Employee Benefit Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board. During 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , the Company’s matching contributions totaled $8.3 million , $6.5 million and $5.2 million , respectively. 12. Segment Information Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011, the Company has three reportable segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. Segment information is presented along the same lines that the Company’s chief operating decision maker reviews the operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. The Company’s chief operating decision maker reviews revenue and contribution profit for each of the reportable segments. Contribution profit (loss) is defined as revenues less cost of revenues and marketing expenses directly incurred by the segment. The Company has aggregated the results of the International operating segments into one reportable segment because these operating segments share similar long term economic and other qualitative characteristics. 61 Table of Contents The Domestic and International streaming segments derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content. The Domestic DVD segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of DVD-by-mail. Revenues and the related payment card fees are attributed to the operating segment based on the nature of the underlying membership (streaming or DVD) and the geographic region from which the membership originates. There are no internal revenue transactions between the Company’s segments. Cost of revenues are primarily attributed to the operating segment based on the amounts directly incurred by the segment to obtain content and deliver it to the specific region. Marketing expenses are primarily comprised of advertising expenses which are generally included in the segment in which the expenditures are directly incurred. The Company's long-lived tangible assets were located as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) United States $ 138,704 $ 126,455 International 11,171 7,150 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2014: As of/Year ended December 31, 2014 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 39,114 18,277 5,767 — Revenues $ 3,431,434 $ 1,308,061 $ 765,161 $ 5,504,656 Cost of revenues 2,201,761 1,154,117 396,882 3,752,760 Marketing 293,453 313,733 — 607,186 Contribution profit (loss) $ 936,220 $ (159,789 ) $ 368,279 $ 1,144,710 Other operating expenses 742,062 Operating income 402,648 Other income (expense) (53,279 ) Provision for income taxes 82,570 Net income $ 266,799 As of/Year ended December 31, 2014 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 3,476,226 $ 1,392,701 $ 30,101 $ 4,899,028 Amortization of content library 1,657,673 998,606 71,491 2,727,770 62 Table of Contents The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2013: As of/Year ended December 31, 2013 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 33,420 10,930 6,930 — Revenues $ 2,751,375 $ 712,390 $ 910,797 $ 4,374,562 Cost of revenues 1,863,376 782,304 471,523 3,117,203 Marketing 265,232 204,418 292 469,942 Contribution profit (loss) $ 622,767 $ (274,332 ) $ 438,982 $ 787,417 Other operating expenses 559,070 Operating income 228,347 Other income (expense) (57,273 ) Provision for income taxes 58,671 Net income $ 112,403 As of/Year ended December 31, 2013 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 2,973,023 $ 804,690 $ 19,779 $ 3,797,492 Amortization of content library 1,420,076 701,905 71,325 2,193,306 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2012: As of/Year ended December 31, 2012 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 27,146 6,121 8,224 — Revenues $ 2,184,868 $ 287,542 $ 1,136,872 $ 3,609,282 Cost of revenues 1,570,600 483,295 598,163 2,652,058 Marketing 245,259 193,390 559 439,208 Contribution profit (loss) $ 369,009 $ (389,143 ) $ 538,150 $ 518,016 Other operating expenses 468,024 Operating income 49,992 Other income (expense) (19,512 ) Provision for income taxes 13,328 Net income $ 17,152 As of/Year ended December 31, 2012 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 2,317,070 $ 527,235 $ 29,865 $ 2,874,170 Amortization of content library 1,152,446 438,772 65,396 1,656,614 63 Table of Contents (1) A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately. 13. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 (in thousands, except for per share data) 2014 Total revenues $ 1,484,728 $ 1,409,432 $ 1,340,407 $ 1,270,089 Gross profit 470,396 455,038 425,559 400,903 Net income 83,371 59,295 71,018 53,115 Earnings per share: Basic $ 1.38 $ 0.99 $ 1.18 $ 0.89 Diluted 1.35 0.96 1.15 0.86 2013 Total revenues $ 1,175,230 $ 1,105,999 $ 1,069,372 $ 1,023,961 Gross profit 354,553 307,099 308,698 287,009 Net income (loss) 48,421 31,822 29,471 2,689 Earnings (loss) per share: Basic $ 0.81 $ 0.54 $ 0.51 $ 0.05 Diluted 0.79 0.52 0.49 0.05 64 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Netflix, Inc. Dated: January 29, 2015 By: / S / R EED H ASTINGS Reed Hastings Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Dated: January 29, 2015 By: / S / D AVID W ELLS David Wells Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 65 Table of Contents POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Reed Hastings and David Wells, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substituted, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date / S / R EED H ASTINGS President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) January 29, 2015 Reed Hastings / S / D AVID W ELLS Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) January 29, 2015 David Wells / S / R ICHARD B ARTON Director January 29, 2015 Richard Barton / S / T IMOTHY M. H ALEY Director January 29, 2015 Timothy M. Haley / S / J AY C. H OAG Director January 29, 2015 Jay C. Hoag / S / A NN M ATHER Director January 29, 2015 Ann Mather / S / A. G EORGE B ATTLE Director January 29, 2015 A. George Battle / S / L ESLIE J. K ILGORE Director January 29, 2015 Leslie J. Kilgore 66 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-49802 3.1 August 2, 2004 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 000-49802 3.1 March 20, 2009 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-49802 3.3 August 2, 2004 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-83878 4.1 April 16, 2002 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 8-K 001-35727 4.1 February 1, 2013 4.3 Indenture, dated as of February 19, 2014, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 8-K 001-35727 4.1 February 19, 2014 10.1† Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors S-1/A 333-83878 10.1 March 20, 2002 10.2† Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-49802 A March 31, 2006 10.3† 2011 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-49802 A April 20, 2011 10.4† Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan 10-K 000-49802 10.7 February 1, 2013 10.5† Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2014, by and among the Company and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representative of the Initial Purchasers listed in Schedule 1 thereto 8-K 001-35727 10.1 February 19, 2014 10.6† Performance Bonus Plan Def 14A 001-35727 A April 28, 2014 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries X 23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP X 24 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1* Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 The following financial information from Netflix, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on January 29, 2015, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. X 67 Table of Contents * These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. † Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 68
21.1 LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES Exhibit 21.1 NETFLIX, INC. LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES* Legal Name Jurisdiction Percent Owned Netflix Luxembourg S.a r.l. Luxembourg 100 % Netflix Streaming Services, Inc. United States 100 % Netflix Entretenimento Brasil Ltda. Brazil 100 % * Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of Netflix Inc. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report.
23.1 EY 2014 Consent Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-89024) pertaining to Netflix.com, Inc. 1997 Stock Plan, as amended, Netflix, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan, Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and Netflix.com, Inc. Stand-Alone Stock Option Agreements, (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-104250) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan and Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-113198) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan and Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-123501) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. 2002 Stock Plan and Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-136403) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan and Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-145147) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-160946) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-177561) pertaining to Netflix, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan, (9) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-178091) pertaining to an unspecified amount of common stock, (10) Registration Statement (From S-3 No. 333-180292) pertaining to shares of common stock issued upon conversion of Zero Coupon Convertible Notes; of Netflix, Inc. of our reports dated January 29, 2015, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Netflix, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Netflix, Inc. included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netflix, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2014. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP San Jose, California January 29, 2015
NFLX31.112302014 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Reed Hastings, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netflix, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: January 29, 2015 By: / S / R EED H ASTINGS Reed Hastings Chief Executive Officer
NFLX31.212312014 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, David Wells, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netflix, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: January 29, 2015 By: / S / D AVID W ELLS David Wells Chief Financial Officer
NFLX32.1 12302014 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Reed Hastings, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netflix, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2014 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Netflix, Inc. Dated: January 29, 2015 By: / S / R EED H ASTINGS Reed Hastings Chief Executive Officer I, David Wells, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netflix, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2014 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Netflix, Inc. Dated: January 29, 2015 By: / S / D AVID W ELLS David Wells Chief Financial Officer
0001065280 nflx:TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2002-02-02 2002-02-02 0001065280 nflx:GrantedafterJune302004andbeforeJanuary12007Member 2004-07-01 2007-01-01 0001065280 nflx:EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2009-11-01 2009-11-30 0001065280 us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsMember 2010-01-01 2010-03-31 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2011-11-01 2011-11-30 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:MaximumMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2012-05-28 2012-05-28 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:MinimumMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2012-05-28 2012-05-28 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2012-05-28 2012-05-28 0001065280 2012-11-02 2012-11-02 0001065280 nflx:FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-02-01 2013-02-28 0001065280 2013-04-01 2013-04-30 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2013-04-01 2013-04-30 0001065280 nflx:EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-11-14 2013-11-14 0001065280 nflx:FivePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2014-02-01 2014-02-28 0001065280 2007-01-02 2014-12-31 0001065280 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:MarketingExpensesReclassifiedtoCostsofRevenuesMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticDvdMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticStreamingMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalStreamingMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0001065280 2013-01-01 2013-03-31 0001065280 nflx:EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-01-01 2013-03-31 0001065280 nflx:FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-01-01 2013-03-31 0001065280 2013-04-01 2013-06-30 0001065280 2013-07-01 2013-09-30 0001065280 2013-10-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:MarketingExpensesReclassifiedtoCostsofRevenuesMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticDvdMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticStreamingMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalStreamingMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001065280 2014-01-01 2014-03-31 0001065280 2014-04-01 2014-06-30 0001065280 2014-07-01 2014-09-30 0001065280 2014-10-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:ContentLibraryCurrentMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DVDOperationsEquipmentMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:BuildingMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsExpandedSiteMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TechnologyEquipmentMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:MinimumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticDvdMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticStreamingMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalStreamingMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001065280 2011-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2011-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2011-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2011-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2011-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember nflx:TwoThousandAndTwoStockPlanMember 2012-03-31 0001065280 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticDvdMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticStreamingMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalStreamingMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:UndesignatedStockMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:SeriesAMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-12-31 0001065280 nflx:EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-03-31 0001065280 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:CurrentContentLiabilitiesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:NonCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:NoncurrentContentLiabilitiesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:OtherCurrentAssetsMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CashMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:AgencySecuritiesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DVDOperationsEquipmentMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:BuildingMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TechnologyEquipmentMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticDvdMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticStreamingMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalStreamingMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 country:US 2013-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalMember 2013-12-31 0001065280 2014-06-30 0001065280 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember nflx:TwoThousandAndElevenStockPlanMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:AccruedExpensesMember us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:CurrentContentLiabilitiesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:NonCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:NoncurrentContentLiabilitiesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:OtherCurrentAssetsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:ShortTermInvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CashMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:FivePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:AgencySecuritiesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:CertificatesOfDepositMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember us-gaap:USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DVDOperationsEquipmentMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:BuildingMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:ConstructionInProgressMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsExpandedSiteMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TechnologyEquipmentMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticDvdMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:DomesticStreamingMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalStreamingMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 country:US 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:InternationalMember 2014-12-31 0001065280 nflx:TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2002-02-02 0001065280 nflx:EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2009-11-30 0001065280 us-gaap:LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember nflx:LosGatosBuildingsMember 2010-03-31 0001065280 2010-06-11 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2011-11-30 0001065280 nflx:SuperiorCourtOfCaliforniaSantaClaraCountyMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2011-11-23 0001065280 nflx:UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-01-27 0001065280 nflx:UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-02-29 0001065280 nflx:SuperiorCourtOfCaliforniaSantaClaraCountyMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-02-09 0001065280 nflx:UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-02-13 0001065280 nflx:UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-02-24 0001065280 nflx:UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-01-13 0001065280 nflx:SuperiorCourtOfCaliforniaSantaClaraCountyMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-05-02 0001065280 nflx:UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember us-gaap:PendingLitigationMember 2012-04-02 0001065280 2012-11-02 0001065280 nflx:FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2013-02-28 0001065280 nflx:SeniorConvertibleNoteMember us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember us-gaap:DirectorMember 2013-04-30 0001065280 nflx:FivePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 2014-02-28 0001065280 2015-01-28 nflx:country nflx:lawsuits_filed nflx:member xbrli:pure nflx:segment xbrli:shares nflx:suboptimal_exercise_factor nflx:subscription iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares nflx:vote <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Reclassifications</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation in the consolidated financial statements.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Costs of revenues in the amount of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$33.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$26.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to free-trial periods that were previously allocated to &#8220;Marketing&#8221; on the Consolidated Statements of Operations have been reallocated to &#8220;Cost of revenues&#8221;. There was no impact in any period presented to contribution profit or net income or to the Consolidated Balance Sheets or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.</font></div></div> 108435000 201581000 54018000 69746000 223591000 264816000 3575000 -4446000 1538000 3153000 169000 -4615000 422000 1381000 2919000 777441000 1042810000 115239000 73100000 115239000 73100000 73948000 73948000 4426000 79964000 88940000 79964000 4426000 88940000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Marketing</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company&#8217;s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.</font></div></div> 351000000 533100000 404000000 1207000 198000 131000 5412563000 7056651000 3058763000 3940469000 144081000 17949000 23425000 317056000 92929000 295733000 26669000 3600000 168774000 112000 17951000 93118000 316465000 23425000 143812000 3600000 168749000 295500000 112000 26665000 494888000 595440000 113864000 381024000 494888000 40700000 6800000 11800000 28400000 1200000 29600000 9400000 122200000 604965000 290291000 508053000 1113608000 508643000 314674000 -217762000 350000 0.001 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Commitments and Contingencies</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Streaming Content</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">At December 31, 2014, the Company had </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$9.5 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of obligations comprised of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$2.1 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> included in "Current content liabilities" and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$1.6 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$5.8 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">At December 31, 2013, the Company had </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$7.3 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of obligations comprised of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$1.8 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> included in "Current content liabilities" and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$1.3 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$4.2 billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The expected timing of payments for these streaming content obligations is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="76%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Less than one year</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,747,648</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,972,325</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after one year and through 3 years</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,495,103</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,266,907</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after 3 years and through 5 years</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,164,308</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">929,645</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after 5 years</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">44,053</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">83,284</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total streaming content obligations</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">9,451,112</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,252,161</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A streaming content obligation is incurred at the time the Company enters into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is generally recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and / or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Because the amount is not reasonably estimable, the Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the unknown obligations are expected to be significant and the expected timing of payments could range from less than one year to more than five years.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company has entered into certain licenses with performing rights organizations ("PROs"), and is currently involved in negotiations with other PROs, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. Accruals for estimated license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any change in estimates. These amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Lease obligations</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2019. Several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation for intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Because the terms of the Company&#8217;s original facilities lease agreements for its current Los Gatos, California headquarters site required the Company&#8217;s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings, the Company is the &#8220;deemed owner&#8221; (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$40.7 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In the first quarter of 2010, the Company extended the facilities leases for the current Los Gatos buildings for an additional </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">five</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> year term after the remaining term of the original lease, thus increasing the future minimum payments under lease financing obligations by approximately </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$14 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. The leases continue to be accounted for as financing obligations and no gain or loss was recorded as a result of the lease financing modification. At December&#160;31, 2014, the lease financing obligation balance was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$29.6 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, of which </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$1.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$28.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> were recorded in &#8220;Accrued expenses&#8221; and &#8220;Other non-current liabilities,&#8221; respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining future minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$9.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the extended lease term will be approximately </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$25.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In the third quarter of 2013, the Company entered into facilities lease agreements to expand its Los Gatos headquarters. At the time the Company entered into these lease agreements, the prior agreement signed in the fourth quarter of 2012 was simultaneously terminated. The </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">124</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> month lease term for each of the new leases will commence after the construction of the buildings is complete. Future minimum lease payments associated with these leases are </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$122.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> as of December 31, 2014 and are included below.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December&#160;31, 2014 are as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="85%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">Year Ending December&#160;31,</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Future</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Minimum</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Payments</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2015</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">35,501</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2016</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">37,078</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2017</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">27,697</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2018</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">19,804</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2019</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">14,923</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Thereafter</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">76,130</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total minimum payments</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">211,133</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Rent expense associated with the operating leases was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$26.6 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$27.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$29.7 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> for the years ended </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;padding-left:17px;text-indent:-16px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Legal Proceedings</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">On January 13, 2012, the first of&#160;three&#160;purported shareholder class action lawsuits was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Two additional purported shareholder class action lawsuits were filed in the same court on January 27, 2012 and February 29, 2012 alleging substantially similar claims. &#160;These lawsuits were consolidated into&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;">In re Netflix, Inc., Securities Litigation</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, Case No.&#160;3:12-cv-00225-SC, and the Court selected lead plaintiffs. On June 26, 2012, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint which alleged violations of the federal securities laws. The Court dismissed the consolidated complaint with leave to amend on February 13, 2013. Lead plaintiffs filed a first amended consolidated complaint on March 22, 2013. The Court dismissed the first amended consolidated complaint with prejudice on August 20, 2013, and judgment was entered on September 27, 2013. Lead plaintiffs filed a motion to alter or amend the judgment and requested leave to file a second amended complaint on October 25, 2013. On January 17, 2014, the Court denied that motion. On February 18, 2014, lead plaintiffs appealed that decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">On November 23, 2011, the first of&#160;six&#160;purported shareholder derivative suits was filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County, against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Five additional purported shareholder derivative suits were subsequently filed: two in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County on February 9, 2012 and May 2, 2012; and three in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on February 13, 2012, February 24, 2012 and April 2, 2012. The purported shareholder derivative suits filed in the Northern District of California have been voluntarily dismissed. On July 5, 2012, the purported shareholder derivative suits filed in Santa Clara County were consolidated into&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;">In re Netflix, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, Case No. 1-12-cv-218399, and lead counsel was appointed. A consolidated complaint was filed on December 4, 2012, with plaintiffs seeking compensatory damages and other relief. The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that certain of the Company's current and former officers and directors breached their fiduciary duties, issued false and misleading statements primarily regarding the Company's streaming business, violated accounting rules concerning segment reporting, violated provisions of the California Corporations Code, and wasted corporate assets. The consolidated complaint further alleges that the defendants caused the Company to buy back stock at artificially inflated prices to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders while contemporaneously selling personally held Company stock. The Company filed a demurrer to the consolidated complaint and a motion to stay the derivative litigation in favor of the related federal securities class action on February 4, 2013. On June 21, 2013, the Court granted the motion to stay the derivative litigation pending resolution of the related federal securities class action. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.</font></div></div> 1200000 2900000 2785721 0.001 0.001 0.001 160000000 160000000 60415841 59607001 60415841 59607001 60000 60000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Stock-Based Compensation</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company grants fully vested non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Note 8</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.</font></div></div> 258778000 113059000 19365000 2652058000 3752760000 3117203000 1154117000 396882000 2201761000 782304000 471523000 1863376000 483295000 1570600000 598163000 34387000 58558000 86623000 1162000 16144000 7003000 43399000 80715000 112633000 15154000 9866000 7850000 11.6553 400000000.0 500000000 200000000.0 200000000.0 0.05375 0.085 0.0575 0.085 1.01 1 1.01 1.01 -10994000 -26903000 -18930000 2200000 6100000 0 -1275000 -363000 -30063000 -30071000 -22044000 274586000 215767000 -17794000 -2751000 -3168000 91084000 120340000 120340000 90603000 21500000 13400000 106900000 69100000 824000 -2778000 21014000 19196000 69201000 100397000 13415000 13022000 481000 0 11708000 11159000 10200000 6500000 5200000 8300000 0.6 54028000 45469000 48374000 200000000.0 200000000.0 1.93 4.44 0.31 0.99 1.18 0.51 0.81 1.38 0.05 0.54 0.89 1.85 4.32 0.29 1.35 0.49 0.86 0.52 0.05 1.15 0.79 0.96 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Earnings Per Share</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company&#8217;s Convertible Notes (prior to the conversion of such notes in April 2013) and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options.</font></div></div> -6686000 -197000 -3453000 0.35 28096000 28537000 43999000 80000000 4400000 88900000 89341000 81663000 4543000 4543000 81663000 89341000 -8200000 -4000000 -8400000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Foreign Currency</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" in Stockholders&#8217; equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income (expense).</font></div></div> -25129000 0 0 -25100000 180301000 269741000 139016000 425559000 354553000 308698000 307099000 470396000 287009000 455038000 400903000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Guarantees&#8212;Indemnification Obligations</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company&#8217;s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company&#8217;s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company&#8217;s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees.</font></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. </font></div></div> 27885000 325081000 159126000 11948000 24288000 2595000 171074000 349369000 30480000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Income Taxes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Income before provision for income taxes was as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="53%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year Ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">United States</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">325,081</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">159,126</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">27,885</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Foreign</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">24,288</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11,948</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,595</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Income before income taxes</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">349,369</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">171,074</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30,480</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="53%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year Ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Current tax provision:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Federal</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">86,623</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,558</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">34,387</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">State</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">9,866</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">15,154</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,850</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Foreign</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">16,144</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,003</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,162</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total current</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,633</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">80,715</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">43,399</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Deferred tax provision:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Federal</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(10,994</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(18,930</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(26,903</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">State</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(17,794</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2,751</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(3,168</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Foreign</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,275</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(363</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total deferred</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(30,063</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(22,044</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(30,071</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">82,570</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,671</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,328</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes associated with the repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries were not provided for on a cumulative total of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$29.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014. The Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in its foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes net of available foreign tax credits associated with these earnings. The amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is approximately </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$10.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$88.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$80.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$4.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> for the years ended December 31, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively, were recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="53%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year Ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">122,279</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">59,878</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">10,667</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,274</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,053</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,914</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">R&amp;D tax credit</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(18,655</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(13,841</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,803</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(38,612</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,284</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,581</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,550</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">82,570</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,671</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,328</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="69%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of&#160;December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Deferred tax assets (liabilities):</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Stock-based compensation</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">100,397</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">69,201</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Accruals and reserves</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,415</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,022</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Depreciation and amortization</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(11,708</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(11,159</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">R&amp;D credits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">21,014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">19,196</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2,778</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">824</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total deferred tax assets</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">120,340</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">91,084</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Valuation allowance </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(481</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net deferred tax assets</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">120,340</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">90,603</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Deferred tax assets include </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$13.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;">$21.5 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> classified as &#8220;Other current assets&#8221; and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$106.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$69.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> classified as &#8220;Other non-current assets&#8221; in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively. In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no significant valuation allowance was recorded.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:36px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">As of December&#160;31, 2014, the Company's state tax credit carryforwards for tax return purposes were </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$41.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, of which </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$41.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> can be carried forward indefinitely and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$0.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> expire in 2024. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">On December 19, 2014, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 (H.R.5771) was signed into law which retroactively extends the Federal research and development credit from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014. As a result, the Company recognized the retroactive benefit of the Federal research and development credit of approximately </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$10.7 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2014, the period in which the legislation was enacted. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:36px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company classifies unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as &#8220;Other non-current liabilities&#8221; in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$34.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, of which </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$29.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company&#8217;s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands):</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="85%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">43,337</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(25</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">24,915</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">68,231</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(39,015</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11,174</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(5,578</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">34,812</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">December&#160;31, 2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$0.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$3.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively, which is classified as &#8220;Other non-current liabilities&#8221; in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest and penalties included in the Company's provision for income taxes were not material in all the periods presented.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company files U.S. federal, state and foreign tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2010 through 2013. The IRS had previously completed its Field Exam of the 2008 and 2009 federal tax returns and issued a Revenue Agents Report with a proposed assessment primarily related to the Company's R&amp;D Credits claimed in those years. The Company filed a protest against the proposed assessment and settlement was reached with the IRS Appeals Division in December 2014. As a result, the Company reassessed the tax reserves for all open years and released </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$38.6 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of tax reserves in the fourth quarter of 2014. The IRS Field Exam of the 2010 through 2013 federal tax returns is in progress. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company is also currently under examination by the state of California for the years 2006 and 2007. California has completed its Field Exam of the 2006 and 2007 California tax returns and has issued a Notice of Proposed Assessment primarily related to the Company's R&amp;D Credits claimed in those years. The Company has filed a protest against the proposed assessment and is currently awaiting the commencement of the Protest process with the Franchise Tax Board. The years 1997 through 2005, as well as 2008 through 2013, remain subject to examination by the state of California.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company is currently not under examination in any foreign jurisdiction. The years 2011 through 2013 remain subject to examination by foreign jurisdictions.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months. However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made.</font></div></div> 13328000 82570000 58671000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Income Taxes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> or </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Note 10</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.</font></div></div> 122279000 59878000 10667000 1550000 4581000 4284000 13274000 8053000 2914000 10700000 13841000 18655000 1803000 50573000 28853000 7465000 18374000 83812000 -4943000 1941000 9806000 55636000 46295000 20676000 58819000 5432000 -62234000 8758000 52406000 8977000 -4719000 2331000 715000 0 1848000 1621000 1052000 50219000 29142000 19986000 49000 0 195000 41085000 19009000 19114000 5100000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="84%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due within one year</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">113,864</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after one year and through 5 years</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">381,024</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total short-term investments</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">494,888</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> P124M 5198943000 4079002000 5412563000 7056651000 2663154000 2154203000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company's long-lived tangible assets were located as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="59%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">United States</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">138,704</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">126,455</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">International</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11,171</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,150</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> 416000000 520000000 506300000 900000000 500000000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Long-term Debt</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Senior Convertible Notes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In November 2011, the Company issued </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$200.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> aggregate principal amount of zero coupon senior convertible notes due on December&#160;1, 2018 (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;) in a private placement offering to TCV VII, L.P., TCV VII(A), L.P., and TCV Member Fund, L.P. A general partner of these funds also serves on the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors, and as such, the issuance of the notes is considered a related party transaction. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$197.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. Debt issuance costs of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$2.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> (of which </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$0.3 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> was paid in the year ended December 31, 2012) were recorded in &#8220;Other non-current assets&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. At any time following May 28, 2012, the Company could have elected to cause the conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock when specified conditions were satisfied, including that the daily volume weighted average price of the Company&#8217;s common stock was equal to or greater than&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$111.54</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;for at least&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">50</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;trading days during a&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">65</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;trading day period prior to the conversion date.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company determined that the embedded conversion option in the Convertible Notes did not require separate accounting treatment as a derivative instrument because it was both indexed to the Company's own stock and would be classified in stockholders' equity if freestanding. Additionally, the Convertible Notes did not require or permit any portion of the obligation to be settled in cash and accordingly the liability and equity (conversion option) components were not required to be accounted for separately. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In April 2013, after all specified conditions were satisfied, the Company elected to cause the conversion of all outstanding Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal amount of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$200.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;in accordance with the terms of the Indenture governing such notes. Pursuant to this conversion, the Company issued&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.3 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;shares of common stock to the holders of the Convertible Notes at a conversion ratio of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11.6553</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. The fair market value of one share of common stock on the date of conversion was&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$216.99</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;per share.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">8.50% Senior Notes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In November 2009, the Company issued&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$200.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;aggregate principal amount of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;senior notes due&#160;November&#160;15, 2017&#160;(the &#8220;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes&#8221;). The net proceeds to the Company were approximately&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$193.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. Debt issuance costs of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$6.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;were recorded in &#8220;Other non-current assets&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and were senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest was payable semi-annually at a rate of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;per annum on May&#160;15 and November&#160;15 of each year, commencing on May&#160;15, 2010. The&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes were repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">101%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company could redeem the&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes prior to November&#160;15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">100%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a &#8220;make-whole&#8221; premium. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In the first quarter of 2013, the Company redeemed the outstanding&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$200.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;aggregate principal amount of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes and pursuant to the make-whole provision in the Indenture governing the&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes, paid a&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$19.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;premium and&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$5.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;of accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$25.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;related to redemption of the&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes which included the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$4.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">5.375% Senior Notes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In February 2013, the Company issued </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$500.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> aggregate principal amount of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> senior notes due 2021 (the &#8220;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes&#8221;). The&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;per annum on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on August 1, 2013. The&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">101%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest plus a make-whole payment equivalent to the present value of the remaining interest payments through maturity. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. At December 31, 2014 the Company was in compliance with these covenants.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In the first quarter of 2013, the Company used&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$224.5 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;of the net proceeds of the&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes to redeem the outstanding&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$200.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;aggregate principal amount of&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8.50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Based on quoted market prices in less active markets (a Level 2 input for this financial instrument), the fair value of the&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.375%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;Notes was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$520.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and &#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$506.3 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">5.750% Senior Notes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In February 2014, the Company issued </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$400.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> aggregate principal amount of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Senior Notes due 2024 (the "</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes"). The </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> per annum on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2014. The </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">101%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest plus a make-whole payment equivalent to the present value of the remaining interest payments through maturity.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:28px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. At December 31, 2014, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Based on quoted market prices in less active markets (a Level 2 input for this financial instrument), the fair value of the </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5.750%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> Notes as of December 31, 2014 was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$416.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">.</font></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The expected timing of payments for these streaming content obligations is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="76%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Less than one year</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,747,648</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,972,325</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after one year and through 3 years</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,495,103</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,266,907</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after 3 years and through 5 years</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,164,308</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">929,645</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after 5 years</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">44,053</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">83,284</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total streaming content obligations</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">9,451,112</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,252,161</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 439208000 469942000 607186000 313733000 0 293453000 204418000 265232000 292000 193390000 559000 245259000 5589000 541712000 476264000 -255968000 -244740000 -42866000 21586000 16483000 97831000 266799000 17152000 112403000 17152000 112403000 266799000 71018000 83371000 48421000 29471000 59295000 53115000 2689000 31822000 266799000 112452000 17347000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">New Accounting Pronouncements </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;">Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the impact to be material.</font></div></div> 7150000 138704000 126455000 11171000 -3060000 474000 -3002000 50 3 402648000 49992000 228347000 27900000 26600000 29700000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Description of Business</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Netflix, Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated on August&#160;29, 1997 and began operations on April&#160;14, 1998. The Company is the world&#8217;s leading Internet television network with over </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">57 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> members in nearly </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">50</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> countries enjoying more than </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">two billion</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> hours of TV shows and movies per month, including original series, documentaries and feature films. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States ("U.S."), members can receive DVDs.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company has </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">three</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> reportable segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. A majority of the Company&#8217;s revenues are generated in the United States, and substantially all of the Company&#8217;s long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company&#8217;s revenues are derived from monthly membership fees.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Basis of Presentation</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Use of Estimates</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content library; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">New Accounting Pronouncements </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:29px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;">Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the impact to be material.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">90</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">90</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in &#8220;Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income&#8221; within Stockholders&#8217; equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in &#8220;Interest and other income (expense)&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company&#8217;s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Streaming Content </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company licenses and acquires rights to stream TV shows, movies and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These rights are for a fixed fee and specify windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more up-front cash relative to expense.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;">one</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> year is recognized as &#8220;Current content library, net&#8221; and the remaining portion as &#8220;Non-current content library, net&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of streaming content rights and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within cash used in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company amortizes the content library in &#8220;Cost of revenues&#8221; on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate: </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8226;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">For content that does not premiere on the Netflix service (representing the vast majority of content), the Company amortizes on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each title&#8217;s contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges from </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">six</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> months to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">five</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> years. </font></div></td></tr></table><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8226;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">For content that premieres on the Netflix service, the Company expects more upfront viewing due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts for this original content available only on Netflix. Hence, the Company amortizes on an accelerated basis over the amortization period, which is the shorter of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">four</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> years or the license period, beginning with the month of first availability. If a subsequent season is added, the amortization period is extended by a year. </font></div></td></tr></table><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8226;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">If the cost per title cannot be reasonably estimated, the license fee is not capitalized and costs are expensed on a straight line basis over the license period. This typically occurs when the license agreement does not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title.</font></div></td></tr></table><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content (whether capitalized or not) is reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries (such as Latin America). No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">DVD Content Library</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in &#8220;Non-current content library, net&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">one</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> year to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">two</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> years. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Property and Equipment</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30 years</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the &#8220;sale-leaseback&#8221; criteria.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Revenue Recognition</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed to members that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been redeemed. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Marketing</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company&#8217;s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were </font><font style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;">$533.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$404.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$351.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> for the years ended December 31, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Income Taxes</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> or </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">50%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Note 10</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Foreign Currency</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" in Stockholders&#8217; equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income (expense). Foreign currency transactions resulted in losses of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$8.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$8.4 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$4.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Earnings Per Share</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company&#8217;s Convertible Notes (prior to the conversion of such notes in April 2013) and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. The computation of earnings per share is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90243902439025%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="62%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands,&#160;except&#160;per&#160;share&#160;data)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic earnings per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,152</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Shares used in computation:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">60,078</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,198</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">55,521</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic earnings per share</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4.44</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.93</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.31</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted earnings per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,152</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">49</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">195</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Numerator for diluted earnings per share</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,452</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,347</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Shares used in computation:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">60,078</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,198</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">55,521</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Convertible Notes shares</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">715</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,331</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Employee stock options </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,621</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,848</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,052</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average number of shares</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">61,699</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">60,761</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,904</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted earnings per share</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4.32</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.85</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.29</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90243902439025%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="62%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="8" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year&#160;ended&#160;December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="8" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Employee stock options</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">131</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">198</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,207</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Stock-Based Compensation</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company grants fully vested non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Note 8</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation.</font></div></div> 151937000 206271000 192981000 129124000 -697000 538000 -156000 1357000 -7768000 1772000 -253000 856000 -1116000 -1597000 1772000 175000 -7768000 337000 -7431000 -253000 1772000 -7768000 -8021000 656000 -1116000 -8021000 2213000 656000 -8021000 656000 2213000 742062000 559070000 468024000 59957000 79209000 -15282000 -5332000 8392000 477321000 426934000 550264000 -1334000 -5939000 -8816000 9414000 295000 7080000 300000 40278000 69726000 54143000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Employee Benefit Plan</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">60%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board. During </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, the Company&#8217;s matching contributions totaled </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$8.3 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$6.5 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$5.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively.</font></div></div> 0.001 0.001 0.001 0.001 0.001 10000000 10000000 1000000 9000000 0 0 0 0 0 0 26200000 33900000 124557000 60544000 4124000 400000000 0 500000000 193900000 197800000 29365000 60925000 141950000 385300000 347502000 282953000 124600000 4100000 60500000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="59%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="15%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December&#160;31,</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Estimated Useful Lives (in Years)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Information technology assets</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">189,274</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">139,306</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Furniture and fixtures</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">25,758</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">21,011</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Building</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">40,681</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">40,681</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Leasehold improvements</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">57,339</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">51,194</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Over&#160;life&#160;of&#160;lease</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">DVD operations equipment</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">89,144</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">96,361</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Capital work-in-progress</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">12,495</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,643</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment, gross</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">414,691</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">357,196</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Less: Accumulated depreciation</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(264,816</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(223,591</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">149,875</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">133,605</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had unpaid property and equipment included in accounts payable of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$11.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$6.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and consequently such amounts are excluded from purchases of property and equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font></div></div> 12495000 414691000 57339000 139306000 51194000 25758000 40681000 357196000 189274000 40681000 96361000 21011000 8643000 89144000 149875000 133605000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Property and Equipment</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30 years</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the &#8220;sale-leaseback&#8221; criteria.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></div> P30Y P5Y P30Y P3Y P3Y 9451112000 7252161000 83284000 44053000 929645000 1164308000 2972325000 3747648000 3266907000 4495103000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="42%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">December&#160;31</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">September&#160;30</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">June&#160;30</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">March&#160;31</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands, except for per share data)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,484,728</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,409,432</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,340,407</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,270,089</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Gross profit</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">470,396</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">455,038</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">425,559</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">400,903</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">83,371</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">59,295</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71,018</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">53,115</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Earnings per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.38</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.99</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.18</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.89</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.35</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.96</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.15</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.86</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,175,230</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,105,999</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,069,372</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,023,961</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Gross profit</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">354,553</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">307,099</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">308,698</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">287,009</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income (loss)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">48,421</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">31,822</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">29,471</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,689</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Earnings (loss) per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.81</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.54</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.51</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.05</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.79</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.52</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.49</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.05</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> 0 590000 0 -481000 590000 -481000 1300000000 2100000000 1600000000 1800000000 0 0 219362000 224500000 1093000 1180000 2319000 329008000 378769000 472321000 552485000 819284000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Revenue Recognition</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed to members that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been redeemed. </font></div></div> 3609282000 4374562000 5504656000 3431434000 765161000 1308061000 712390000 910797000 2751375000 2184868000 1136872000 287542000 1175230000 1340407000 1409432000 1023961000 1069372000 1270089000 1484728000 1105999000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="61%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Foreign currency </font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Change in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Total</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December 31, 2012</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,381</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,538</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,919</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other comprehensive income before reclassifications</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,772</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,597</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">175</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">481</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">481</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,772</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,116</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">656</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December 31, 2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,153</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">422</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,575</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(7,768</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">337</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(7,431</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)income</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(590</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(590</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net decrease in other comprehensive (loss) income </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(7,768</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(253</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(8,021</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December 31, 2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(4,615</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">169</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(4,446</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90243902439025%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="62%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="8" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year&#160;ended&#160;December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="8" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Employee stock options</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">131</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">198</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,207</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="53%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year Ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Current tax provision:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Federal</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">86,623</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,558</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">34,387</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">State</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">9,866</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">15,154</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,850</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Foreign</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">16,144</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,003</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,162</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total current</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,633</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">80,715</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">43,399</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Deferred tax provision:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Federal</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(10,994</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(18,930</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(26,903</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">State</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(17,794</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2,751</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(3,168</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Foreign</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,275</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(363</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total deferred</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(30,063</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(22,044</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(30,071</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">82,570</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,671</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,328</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="69%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of&#160;December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Deferred tax assets (liabilities):</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Stock-based compensation</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">100,397</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">69,201</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Accruals and reserves</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,415</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,022</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Depreciation and amortization</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(11,708</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(11,159</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">R&amp;D credits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">21,014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">19,196</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2,778</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">824</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total deferred tax assets</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">120,340</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">91,084</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Valuation allowance </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(481</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net deferred tax assets</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">120,340</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">90,603</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The computation of earnings per share is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90243902439025%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="62%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands,&#160;except&#160;per&#160;share&#160;data)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic earnings per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,152</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Shares used in computation:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">60,078</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,198</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">55,521</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic earnings per share</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4.44</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.93</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.31</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted earnings per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,152</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">49</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">195</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Numerator for diluted earnings per share</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,452</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,347</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Shares used in computation:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">60,078</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,198</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">55,521</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Convertible Notes shares</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">715</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,331</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Employee stock options </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,621</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,848</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,052</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average number of shares</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">61,699</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">60,761</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,904</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted earnings per share</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4.32</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.85</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.29</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="53%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year Ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">122,279</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">59,878</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">10,667</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,274</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,053</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,914</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">R&amp;D tax credit</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(18,655</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(13,841</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,803</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(38,612</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,284</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,581</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,550</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">82,570</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,671</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,328</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December&#160;31, 2014 are as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="85%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;">Year Ending December&#160;31,</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Future</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Minimum</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Payments</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2015</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">35,501</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2016</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">37,078</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2017</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">27,697</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2018</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">19,804</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2019</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">14,923</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Thereafter</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">76,130</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total minimum payments</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">211,133</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Income before provision for income taxes was as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="53%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year Ended December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">United States</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">325,081</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">159,126</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">27,885</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Foreign</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">24,288</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11,948</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,595</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Income before income taxes</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">349,369</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">171,074</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30,480</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="42%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">December&#160;31</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">September&#160;30</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">June&#160;30</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">March&#160;31</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands, except for per share data)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,484,728</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,409,432</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,340,407</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,270,089</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Gross profit</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">470,396</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">455,038</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">425,559</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">400,903</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">83,371</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">59,295</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71,018</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">53,115</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Earnings per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.38</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.99</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.18</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.89</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.35</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.96</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.15</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.86</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,175,230</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,105,999</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,069,372</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,023,961</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Gross profit</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">354,553</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">307,099</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">308,698</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">287,009</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income (loss)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">48,421</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">31,822</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">29,471</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,689</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Earnings (loss) per share:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Basic</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.81</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.54</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.51</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.05</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Diluted</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.79</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.52</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.49</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">0.05</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2014:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total members at end of period (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">39,114</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">18,277</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,767</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,431,434</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,308,061</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">765,161</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,504,656</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,201,761</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,154,117</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">396,882</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,752,760</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">293,453</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">313,733</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">607,186</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Contribution profit (loss)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">936,220</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(159,789</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">368,279</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,144,710</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other operating expenses</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">742,062</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Operating income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">402,648</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other income (expense)</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(53,279</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">82,570</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,476,226</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,392,701</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30,101</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,899,028</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amortization of content library</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,657,673</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">998,606</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71,491</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,727,770</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2013:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total members at end of period (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">33,420</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">10,930</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6,930</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,751,375</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">712,390</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">910,797</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,374,562</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,863,376</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">782,304</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">471,523</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,117,203</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">265,232</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">204,418</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">292</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">469,942</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Contribution profit (loss)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">622,767</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(274,332</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">438,982</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">787,417</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other operating expenses</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">559,070</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Operating income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">228,347</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other income (expense)</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(57,273</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,671</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,973,023</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">804,690</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">19,779</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,797,492</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amortization of content library</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,420,076</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">701,905</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71,325</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,193,306</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2012:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="41%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total members at end of period (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">27,146</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6,121</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,224</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,184,868</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">287,542</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,136,872</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,609,282</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,570,600</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">483,295</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">598,163</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,652,058</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">245,259</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">193,390</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">559</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">439,208</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Contribution profit (loss)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">369,009</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(389,143</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">538,150</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">518,016</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other operating expenses</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">468,024</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Operating income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">49,992</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other income (expense)</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(19,512</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,328</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,152</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,317,070</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">527,235</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">29,865</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,874,170</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amortization of content library</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,152,446</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">438,772</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">65,396</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,656,614</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately.</font></div></td></tr></table></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A summary of the activities related to the Company&#8217;s stock option plans is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="31%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Shares&#160;Available</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">for Grant</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="6" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Options Outstanding</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in&#160;Years)</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Aggregate</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Intrinsic&#160;Value</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;Thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Number of</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Shares</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Weighted- Average Exercise Price</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2011</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,013,508</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,957,754</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">66.59</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Granted</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,803,798</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,803,798</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">73.94</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Exercised</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(188,552</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">21.85</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Canceled</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">48</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(48</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">35.95</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Expired</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,160,721</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,049,037</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,572,952</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71.33</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Granted</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(642,720</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">642,720</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">208.94</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Exercised</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,688,774</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">73.75</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,406,317</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,526,898</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">95.25</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Granted</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(545,573</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">545,573</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">402.85</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Exercised</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(808,840</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">75.65</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,860,744</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,263,631</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">151.53</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6.14</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">654,673</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Vested and exercisable at</font></div><div style="font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,263,631</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">151.53</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6.14</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">654,673</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using the lattice-binomial model and the valuation data:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="13" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="58%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year&#160;Ended&#160;December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Dividend yield</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">%</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Expected volatility</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">41% - 48%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">51% - 54%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">55% - 65%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Risk-free interest rate</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.39% - 2.83%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.87% - 2.71%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.61% - 2.01%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Suboptimal exercise factor</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.66 - 5.44</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.33 - 3.92</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.26 - 3.65</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Valuation data:</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average fair value (per share)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">211.22</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">113.74</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">41.00</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">115,239</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">73,100</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">73,948</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">43,999</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">28,096</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">28,537</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Segment Information</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011, the Company has </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">three</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> reportable segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. Segment information is presented along the same lines that the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker reviews the operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker reviews revenue and contribution profit for each of the reportable segments. Contribution profit (loss) is defined as revenues less cost of revenues and marketing expenses directly incurred by the segment. The Company has aggregated the results of the International operating segments into one reportable segment because these operating segments share similar long term economic and other qualitative characteristics.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Domestic and International streaming segments derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content. The Domestic DVD segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of DVD-by-mail. Revenues and the related payment card fees are attributed to the operating segment based on the nature of the underlying membership (streaming or DVD) and the geographic region from which the membership originates. There are no internal revenue transactions between the Company&#8217;s segments. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues are primarily attributed to the operating segment based on the amounts directly incurred by the segment to obtain content and deliver it to the specific region. Marketing expenses are primarily comprised of advertising expenses which are generally included in the segment in which the expenditures are directly incurred. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company's long-lived tangible assets were located as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="59%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">United States</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">138,704</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">126,455</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">International</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11,171</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,150</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2014:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total members at end of period (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">39,114</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">18,277</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,767</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,431,434</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,308,061</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">765,161</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,504,656</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,201,761</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,154,117</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">396,882</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,752,760</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">293,453</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">313,733</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">607,186</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Contribution profit (loss)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">936,220</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(159,789</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">368,279</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,144,710</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other operating expenses</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">742,062</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Operating income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">402,648</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other income (expense)</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(53,279</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">82,570</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">266,799</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,476,226</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,392,701</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30,101</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,899,028</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amortization of content library</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,657,673</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">998,606</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71,491</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,727,770</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2013:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total members at end of period (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">33,420</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">10,930</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6,930</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,751,375</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">712,390</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">910,797</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,374,562</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,863,376</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">782,304</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">471,523</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,117,203</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">265,232</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">204,418</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">292</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">469,942</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Contribution profit (loss)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">622,767</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(274,332</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">438,982</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">787,417</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other operating expenses</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">559,070</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Operating income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">228,347</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other income (expense)</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(57,273</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">58,671</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,973,023</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">804,690</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">19,779</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,797,492</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amortization of content library</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,420,076</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">701,905</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71,325</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,193,306</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2012:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="41%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total members at end of period (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">27,146</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6,121</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,224</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Revenues</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,184,868</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">287,542</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,136,872</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,609,282</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cost of revenues</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,570,600</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">483,295</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">598,163</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,652,058</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Marketing</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">245,259</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">193,390</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">559</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">439,208</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Contribution profit (loss)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">369,009</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(389,143</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">538,150</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">518,016</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other operating expenses</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">468,024</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Operating income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">49,992</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other income (expense)</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(19,512</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Provision for income taxes</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">13,328</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net income</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,152</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="38%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of/Year ended December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">International</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Streaming</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Domestic</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">DVD</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Consolidated</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,317,070</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">527,235</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">29,865</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,874,170</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amortization of content library</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,152,446</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">438,772</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">65,396</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,656,614</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately.</font></div></td></tr></table></div> 73100000 73948000 115239000 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.48 0.54 0.65 0.51 0.41 0.55 0.0271 0.0283 0.0201 0.0187 0.0239 0.0161 0.15 8334 7013508 2860744.000 3406317 4049037 14700000 265100000 274200000 48 642720 545573 1803798 41.00 113.74 211.22 3263631 3526898.000 2957754 4572952 151.53 71.33 66.59 95.25 654673000 3263631 151.53 75.65 73.75 21.85 35.95 73.94 402.85 208.94 P10Y P6Y1M21D 0.85 55587167 59607001 55398615 60415841 2331060 2300000.0 2300000 808840 188552 1688774 188552 808840 1688774 198206000 2000 198208000 4124000 0 61190000 4123000 1000 124555000 61190000 124557000 2000 300000000 41000000 1333561000 1857708000 422930000 440082000 2919000 744673000 819284000 60000 777441000 642810000 56000 552485000 301616000 55000 -4446000 60000 3575000 219119000 1042810000 706000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="61%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Foreign currency </font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Change in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Total</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December 31, 2012</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,381</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,538</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,919</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other comprehensive income before reclassifications</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,772</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,597</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">175</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">481</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">481</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,772</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,116</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">656</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December 31, 2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,153</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">422</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,575</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(7,768</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">337</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(7,431</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)income</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(590</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(590</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Net decrease in other comprehensive (loss) income </font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(7,768</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(253</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(8,021</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December 31, 2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(4,615</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">169</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(4,446</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">All amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were related to realized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. These reclassifications impacted "Interest and other income (expense)" on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.</font></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The aggregate changes in the Company&#8217;s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands):</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="85%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">43,337</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(25</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">24,915</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">68,231</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(39,015</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">11,174</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(5,578</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balance as of December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">34,812</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Balance Sheet Components</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Content Library</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Content library consisted of the following:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="77%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, gross</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,497,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6,474,688</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Accumulated amortization</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(3,598,375</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2,677,196</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,899,028</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,797,492</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Current content library, net</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,125,702</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,706,421</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Non-current content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,773,326</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,091,071</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Property and Equipment, Net</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="59%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="10%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="15%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December&#160;31,</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Estimated Useful Lives (in Years)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Information technology assets</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">189,274</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">139,306</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Furniture and fixtures</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">25,758</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">21,011</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Building</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">40,681</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">40,681</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">30 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Leasehold improvements</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">57,339</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">51,194</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Over&#160;life&#160;of&#160;lease</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">DVD operations equipment</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">89,144</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">96,361</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5 years</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Capital work-in-progress</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">12,495</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,643</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment, gross</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">414,691</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">357,196</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Less: Accumulated depreciation</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(264,816</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(223,591</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Property and equipment, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">149,875</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">133,605</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had unpaid property and equipment included in accounts payable of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$11.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$6.8 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and consequently such amounts are excluded from purchases of property and equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font></div></div> 38600000 41900000 29200000 34812000 68231000 43337000 25000 39015000 5578000 3900000 400000 11174000 24915000 4000 29200000 4200000000 5800000000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Use of Estimates</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content library; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.</font></div></div> 60761000 58904000 61699000 55521000 58198000 60078000 4200000 3773459000 2515506000 3049758000 229000 0 1245000 0 287000 5000 120000 432000 0 0 418000 654000 0 2000 18000 0 1000 95000 0 199000 1204938000 1613928000 1205607000 1614190000 604965000 1113608000 595440000 5202000 494888000 5694000 1761000 557000 1092000 295000 25800000 14000000 211133000 76130000 14923000 19804000 27697000 37078000 35501000 126208000 483959000 1007543000 111759000 483959000 126208000 1007543000 111759000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">90</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">90</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in &#8220;Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income&#8221; within Stockholders&#8217; equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in &#8220;Interest and other income (expense)&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company&#8217;s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></div> 673785000 593125000 762089000 0.2 0.1 1 216.99 1 2117241000 1775983000 1575832000 1345590000 3598375000 2677196000 6474688000 8497403000 3797492000 4899028000 1392701000 30101000 3476226000 2317070000 29865000 2874170000 527235000 804690000 19779000 2973023000 1706421000 2125702000 2773326000 2091071000 936220000 1144710000 -159789000 368279000 622767000 787417000 -274332000 438982000 518016000 369009000 538150000 -389143000 71491000 2727770000 1657673000 998606000 1656614000 65396000 438772000 1152446000 1420076000 71325000 701905000 2193306000 71491000 65396000 71325000 2121981000 1591218000 2656279000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">DVD Content Library</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in &#8220;Non-current content library, net&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">one</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> year to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">two</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> years. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments. </font></div></div> P2Y P1Y 19400000 0 0 -38612000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The following tables summarize, by major security type, the Company&#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy and where they are classified on the consolidated balance sheets.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="45%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31, 2014</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Amortized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Cost</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gains</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Losses</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Estimated</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Fair&#160;Value</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,007,543</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,007,543</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 1 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Money market funds</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">111,759</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">111,759</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 2 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Corporate debt securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">295,500</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">432</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(199</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">295,733</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Government securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">168,749</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">120</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(95</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">168,774</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Asset and mortgage-backed securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Certificate of deposits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,600</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,600</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Agency securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">26,665</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">26,669</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,613,928</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">557</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(295</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,614,190</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="45%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31, 2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Amortized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Cost</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gains</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Losses</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Estimated</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Fair&#160;Value</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">483,959</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">483,959</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 1 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Money market funds</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">126,208</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">126,208</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 2 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Corporate debt securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">316,465</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,245</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(654</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">317,056</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Government securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">143,812</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">287</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(18</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">144,081</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Asset and mortgage-backed securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">93,118</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">229</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(418</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">92,929</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Certificate of deposits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">23,425</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">23,425</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Agency securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,951</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,949</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,204,938</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,761</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,092</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,205,607</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="59%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash and cash equivalents</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,113,608</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">604,965</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Short-term investments</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">494,888</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">595,440</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Non-current assets (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,694</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,202</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,614,190</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,205,607</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1) Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. </font></div></div> -53279000 -57273000 -19512000 P5Y 39114000 0 5767000 18277000 0 33420000 10930000 6930000 0 27146000 8224000 6121000 PT2000000000H 57000000 65927000 48275000 74790000 0 -464000 0 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Content library consisted of the following:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="77%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="9%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, gross</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">8,497,403</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6,474,688</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Accumulated amortization</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(3,598,375</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2,677,196</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total content library, net</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,899,028</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,797,492</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Current content library, net</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,125,702</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,706,421</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Non-current content library, net</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,773,326</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,091,071</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> P6M P6M P1Y 3.92 5.44 3.65 2.26 2.66 2.33 1160721 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Short-term Investments</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company&#8217;s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company&#8217;s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. The following tables summarize, by major security type, the Company&#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy and where they are classified on the consolidated balance sheets.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="45%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31, 2014</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Amortized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Cost</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gains</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Losses</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Estimated</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Fair&#160;Value</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,007,543</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,007,543</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 1 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Money market funds</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">111,759</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">111,759</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 2 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Corporate debt securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">295,500</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">432</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(199</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">295,733</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Government securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">168,749</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">120</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(95</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">168,774</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Asset and mortgage-backed securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">112</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Certificate of deposits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,600</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,600</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Agency securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">26,665</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">26,669</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,613,928</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">557</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(295</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,614,190</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="45%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31, 2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Amortized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Cost</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gains</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Gross</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Unrealized</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Losses</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Estimated</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Fair&#160;Value</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="15" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">483,959</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">483,959</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 1 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Money market funds</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">126,208</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">126,208</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Level 2 securities:</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Corporate debt securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">316,465</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,245</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(654</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">317,056</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Government securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">143,812</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">287</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(18</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">144,081</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Asset and mortgage-backed securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">93,118</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">229</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(418</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">92,929</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Certificate of deposits</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">23,425</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">23,425</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Agency securities</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,951</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(2</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">17,949</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,204,938</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,761</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,092</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,205,607</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="59%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="18%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">As of December 31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="7" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash and cash equivalents</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,113,608</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">604,965</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Short-term investments</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">494,888</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">595,440</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Non-current assets (1)</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,694</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">5,202</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,614,190</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,205,607</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1) Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company&#8217;s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The fair value of available-for-sale securities and cash equivalents included in the Level 1 category is based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These values were obtained from an independent pricing service and were evaluated using pricing models that vary by asset class and may incorporate available trade, bid and other market information and price quotes from well-established independent pricing vendors and broker-dealers. The Company&#8217;s procedures include controls to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded, such as comparing prices obtained from multiple independent sources. See </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Note 5</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of the Company&#8217;s senior convertible notes and senior notes.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell any investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in the years ended December 31, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> or </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">There were no material gross realized gains or losses from the sale of available-for-sale investments in the years ended </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="84%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due within one year</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">113,864</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Due after one year and through 5 years</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">381,024</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total short-term investments</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">494,888</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div></div></div> 259000000 <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Stockholders&#8217; Equity</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">On November 2, 2012, the Board of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) of the Company authorized and declared a dividend distribution of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">one</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> right (a &#8220;Right&#8221;) for each outstanding share of common stock, par value </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$0.001</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> per share (the &#8220;Common Shares&#8221;), of the Company to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 12, 2012 (the &#8220;Record Date&#8221;). Each Right entitled the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par value </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$0.001</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> per share (the &#8220;Preferred Shares&#8221;), of the Company at an exercise price of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$350</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, subject to adjustment (the &#8220;Exercise Price&#8221;). The Rights were exercisable in the event any person or group acquires </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">10%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> (or </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">20%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> in the case of certain institutional investors who report their holdings on Schedule 13G) or more of the Common Shares without the approval of the Board, and until such time are inseparable from and trade with the Company's common stock. The Rights had a de minimus fair value. The Rights Agreement was amended on December 30, 2013 to accelerate the expiration of the Rights from the close of business on November&#160;2, 2015 to the close of business on December&#160;30, 2013, and had the effect of terminating the Rights Agreement on that date. At the time of the termination of the Rights Agreement, all of the Rights distributed to holders of the Company&#8217;s common stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement expired.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In April 2013, the Company issued&#160;</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.3 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes. See </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Note 5</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> to the consolidated financial statements for further details.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Preferred Stock</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In 2012, the Company designated </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">1,000,000</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares of its preferred stock with par value of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$0.001</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> per share as Series A Participating Preferred Stock. The remaining </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">9,000,000</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares of preferred stock with par value of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$0.001</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> remained undesignated. In connection with the expiration of the Rights and the termination of the Rights Agreement on December&#160;30, 2013, the shares that were designated to such series were returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company, and the Company therefore now has </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">10,000,000</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares of preferred stock with a par value of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$0.001</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> that are undesignated. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Voting Rights</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">one vote</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company&#8217;s stockholders.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Stock Option Plans</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In June 2011, the Company adopted the 2011 Stock Plan. The 2011 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants. As of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2.9 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares were reserved for future grants under the 2011 Stock Plan.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provided for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. In the first quarter of 2012, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">1.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares reserved for future grants under the 2002 Stock Plan expired. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">A summary of the activities related to the Company&#8217;s stock option plans is as follows:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="16" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="31%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="12%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="13%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Shares&#160;Available</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">for Grant</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="6" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Options Outstanding</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in&#160;Years)</font></div></td><td rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Aggregate</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Intrinsic&#160;Value</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">(in&#160;Thousands)</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Number of</font></div><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Shares</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Weighted- Average Exercise Price</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2011</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">7,013,508</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,957,754</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">66.59</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Granted</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,803,798</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1,803,798</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">73.94</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Exercised</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(188,552</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">21.85</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Canceled</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">48</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(48</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">35.95</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Expired</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,160,721</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2012</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,049,037</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">4,572,952</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">71.33</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Granted</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(642,720</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">642,720</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">208.94</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Exercised</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(1,688,774</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">73.75</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,406,317</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,526,898</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">95.25</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Granted</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(545,573</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">545,573</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">402.85</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Exercised</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">(808,840</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">75.65</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Balances as of December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2,860,744</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,263,631</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">151.53</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6.14</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">654,673</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Vested and exercisable at</font></div><div style="font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">December&#160;31, 2014</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">3,263,631</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">151.53</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">6.14</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">654,673</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company&#8217;s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2014 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on the last trading day of 2014. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$265.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$274.2 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$14.7 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Cash received from option exercises for the years ended </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2013</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2012</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$60.5 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$124.6 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> and </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$4.1 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, respectively.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Employee Stock Purchase Plan</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 ESPP under which employees purchased common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">85%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever was lower. Under the ESPP, the offering and purchase periods took place concurrently in consecutive </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">six</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> month increments. Therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price was </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">six</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> months. Employees could invest up to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">15%</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event was an employee permitted to purchase more than </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">8,334</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares of common stock during any </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">six</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">-month purchase period.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">As of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">December&#160;31, 2014</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">, there were </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">2,785,721</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> shares available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company&#8217;s ESPP was suspended in 2011 and there were no offerings subsequent to 2011.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Stock-Based Compensation</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Vested stock options granted after June&#160;30, 2004 and before January&#160;1, 2007 can be exercised up to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">one year</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after January 2007 will remain exercisable for the full </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">ten</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> year contractual term regardless of employment status. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using the lattice-binomial model and the valuation data:</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;"><div style="padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;"><tr><td colspan="13" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td width="58%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="11%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td width="1%" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="11" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">Year&#160;Ended&#160;December&#160;31,</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2014</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2013</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:center;font-size:8pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;">2012</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Dividend yield</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8212;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">%</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Expected volatility</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">41% - 48%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">51% - 54%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">55% - 65%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Risk-free interest rate</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.39% - 2.83%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.87% - 2.71%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">1.61% - 2.01%</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Suboptimal exercise factor</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.66 - 5.44</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.33 - 3.92</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">2.26 - 3.65</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;">Valuation data:</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="3" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Weighted-average fair value (per share)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">211.22</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">113.74</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">$</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">41.00</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">115,239</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">73,100</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">73,948</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands)</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">43,999</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">28,096</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#160;</font></div></td><td colspan="2" style="vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;" rowspan="1"><div style="text-align:right;font-size:9.5pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9.5pt;">28,537</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:bottom;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></td></tr></table></div><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company considers several factors in determining the suboptimal exercise factor including the historical and estimated option exercise behavior and the employee groupings.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;">&#160;</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:36px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. Low trade volume of the Company's tradable forward call options prior to 2011 precluded sole reliance on implied volatility, and as such the Company includes historical volatility in the computation of expected volatility. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">In valuing shares issued under the Company&#8217;s employee stock option plans, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">zero</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Stock Repurchase Program</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">Under the stock repurchase plan announced on June&#160;11, 2010, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$300 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of its common stock through the end of 2012. As of December&#160;31, 2012, the Company has repurchased </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$259.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> of its common stock under this plan. As of December 31, 2012, the plan has expired and the remaining </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;">$41.0 million</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> was unused. There were no stock repurchases in 2012, 2013 or 2014.</font></div></div> P4Y <div style="font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;">Streaming Content </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company licenses and acquires rights to stream TV shows, movies and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These rights are for a fixed fee and specify windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more up-front cash relative to expense.</font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;">one</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> year is recognized as &#8220;Current content library, net&#8221; and the remaining portion as &#8220;Non-current content library, net&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of streaming content rights and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within cash used in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The Company amortizes the content library in &#8220;Cost of revenues&#8221; on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate: </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8226;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">For content that does not premiere on the Netflix service (representing the vast majority of content), the Company amortizes on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each title&#8217;s contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges from </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">six</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> months to </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">five</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> years. </font></div></td></tr></table><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8226;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">For content that premieres on the Netflix service, the Company expects more upfront viewing due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts for this original content available only on Netflix. Hence, the Company amortizes on an accelerated basis over the amortization period, which is the shorter of </font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">four</font><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"> years or the license period, beginning with the month of first availability. If a subsequent season is added, the amortization period is extended by a year. </font></div></td></tr></table><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;"><tr><td style="width:48px;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td style="vertical-align:top" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">&#8226;</font></div></td><td style="vertical-align:top;" rowspan="1" colspan="1"><div style="line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">If the cost per title cannot be reasonably estimated, the license fee is not capitalized and costs are expensed on a straight line basis over the license period. This typically occurs when the license agreement does not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title.</font></div></td></tr></table><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;">The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content (whether capitalized or not) is reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries (such as Latin America). No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. </font></div><div style="line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;text-indent:30px;font-size:10pt;"><font style="font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;"><br clear="none"/></font></div></div> P6M P5Y P1Y 41100000 800000 P50D P65D 111.54 false --12-31 FY 2014 2014-12-31 10-K 0001065280 60498082 Yes Large Accelerated Filer 25313674160 NETFLIX INC No Yes Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately.
2109100 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2409402 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2309301 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2104100 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2404402 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Components of Content Library) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2404402 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Components of Content Library) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2404404 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2404403 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Property and Equipment and Accumulated Depreciation) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2304301 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2106100 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2406403 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Expected Timing of Payments for Commitments) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2406405 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Future Minimum Payments Under Lease Financing Obligations and Non-Cancelable Operating Leases) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2406404 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Lease Obligations) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2406406 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Legal Proceedings) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2406402 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Streaming Content) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2306301 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1005000 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1005501 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1002001 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1004000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1002000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1001000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 1006000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 0001000 - Document - Document And Entity Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2111100 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2411401 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2107100 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Indemnification Obligations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2110100 - Disclosure - Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2410403 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2410406 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2410404 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2410405 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Reconciliation of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2410402 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Schedule of Income before Income Taxes) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2410407 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Summary of Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2310301 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2105100 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2405403 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (5.375% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2405404 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt (5.750% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2405402 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (8.50% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2405401 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (Senior Convertible Notes) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2101100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2401404 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Computation of Net Income Per Share) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2401403 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2201201 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2401405 - Disclosure - Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Summary of Potential Common Shares Excluded From Diluted Calculation) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2301302 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2102100 - Disclosure - Reclassifications link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2402401 - Disclosure - Reclassifications (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2112100 - Disclosure - Segment Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2412404 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Information on Reportable Segments and Reconciliation to Consolidated Net Income) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2412403 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2412402 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2312301 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2413402 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2313301 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2113100 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2103100 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2403402 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments (Available-For-Sale Securities Reported At Fair Value) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2403403 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments (Estimated Fair Value Of Short-Term Investments By Contractual Maturity) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2303301 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2108100 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408406 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408402 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408403 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Preferred Stock and Voting Rights) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408407 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Stock-Based Compensation) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408404 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Stock Option Plans) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408409 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Stock Repurchase Program) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408405 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Activity Related to Stock Option Plans) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2408408 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Assumptions Used to Value Stock Option Grants) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 2308301 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink
Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Basic earnings per share: Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract] Net income Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent Weighted-average common shares outstanding Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic Basic earnings per share (in dollars per share) Earnings Per Share, Basic Diluted earnings per share: Earnings Per Share, Diluted [Abstract] Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax Interest on Convertible Debt, Net of Tax Numerator for diluted earnings per share Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent, Diluted Shares used in computation: Incremental Weighted Average Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect [Abstract] Convertible Notes shares Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Conversion of Debt Securities Employee stock options Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-based Payment Arrangements Weighted-average number of shares Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted Diluted earnings per share (in dollars per share) Earnings Per Share, Diluted Equity [Abstract] Schedule of Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Less than one year Purchase Obligation, Due in Next Twelve Months Due after one year and through 3 years Purchase Obligation, Due in Second and Third Year Due after 3 years and through 5 years Purchase Obligation, Due in Fourth and Fifth Year Due after 5 years Purchase Obligation, Due after Fifth Year Total streaming content obligations Purchase Obligation Reclassifications Accounting Changes and Error Corrections [Text Block] Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Number of rights Class of Warrant or Right, Rights Issued as Dividends, Per Outstanding Common Share Class of Warrant or Right, Rights Issued as Dividends, Per Outstanding Common Share Common stock, par value Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Right to purchase preferred stock, conversion ratio Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Each Warrant or Right Preferred stock, par value Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Right to purchase preferred stock, exercise price Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights Percent ownership threshold of common stock to become exercisable Class of Warrant or Right, Ownership Threshold of Common Stock to Become Exercisable, Percent Class of Warrant or Right, Ownership Threshold of Common Stock to Become Exercisable, Percent Percent ownership threshold of common stock to become exercisable for certain institutional investors Class of Warrant or Right, Ownership Threshold of Common Stock to Become Exercisable, Certain Institutional Investors, Percent Class of Warrant or Right, Ownership Threshold of Common Stock to Become Exercisable, Certain Institutional Investors, Percent Common stock, shares issued Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Conversion of Convertible Securities Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Current tax provision: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract] Federal Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit) State Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit) Foreign Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit) Total current Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Deferred tax provision: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract] Federal Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit) State Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Foreign Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Total deferred Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Provision for income taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table] Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table] Balance Sheet Location [Axis] Balance Sheet Location [Axis] Balance Sheet Location [Domain] Balance Sheet Location [Domain] Other Current Assets [Member] Other Current Assets [Member] Other Noncurrent Assets [Member] Other Noncurrent Assets [Member] Income Tax Authority [Axis] Income Tax Authority [Axis] Income Tax Authority [Domain] Income Tax Authority [Domain] State and Local Jurisdiction [Member] State and Local Jurisdiction [Member] Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items] Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items] Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries Unrecognized deferred tax liability related to undistributed foreign earnings Deferred Tax Liability Not Recognized, Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability, Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Tax Benefit Realized from Exercise of Stock Options Deferred tax assets, current Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance, Current Deferred tax assets, noncurrent Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance, Noncurrent Tax credit carryforward amount Tax Credit Carryforward, Amount Tax credit carryforward not subject to expiration Tax Credit Carryforward, Not Subject to Expiration Tax Credit Carryforward, Not Subject to Expiration Tax credit carryforward subject to expiration Tax Credit Carryforward, Subject to Expiration Tax Credit Carryforward, Subject to Expiration R&D tax credit Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Research, Amount Unrecognized tax benefits Unrecognized Tax Benefits Reduction in provision for income taxes due to impact of effective tax rate Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate Gross interest and penalties accrued Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued Tax reserves released Tax Adjustments, Settlements, and Unusual Provisions Schedule of Capital Leased Assets [Table] Schedule of Capital Leased Assets [Table] Property, Plant and Equipment by Type [Axis] Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis] Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain] Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain] Land, Buildings and Improvements[Member] Land, Buildings and Improvements [Member] Name of Property [Axis] Name of Property [Axis] Name of Property [Domain] Name of Property [Domain] Los Gatos Buildings [Member] Los Gatos Buildings [Member] Los Gatos Buildings [Member] Los Gatos Buildings Expanded Site [Member] Los Gatos Buildings Expanded Site [Member] Los Gatos Buildings Expanded Site [Member] Accrued Expenses [Member] Accrued Expenses [Member] Accrued Expenses [Member] Other non-current liabilities [Member] Other Noncurrent Liabilities [Member] Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Total costs of buildings and improvements Buildings and Improvements, Gross Extended lease term Lessee Leasing Arrangements, Capital Leases, Renewal Term Lessee Leasing Arrangements, Capital Leases, Renewal Term Capital leases increase in future minimum payments due Capital Leases, Increase (Decrease) in Future Minimum Payments Due Capital Leases, Increase (Decrease) in Future Minimum Payments Due Capital lease obligations Capital Lease Obligations Capital leases, future minimum payments due Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Capital lease financing obligation under extended lease term Capital Leases, Financing Obligation Under Extended Lease Term Capital lease financing obligation at end of the extended lease term. Lease term Lessee Leasing Arrangements, Operating Leases, Term of Contract Rent expense Operating Leases, Rent Expense, Net Compensation and Retirement Disclosure [Abstract] Eligible employees maximum contribution percentage Defined Contribution Plan, Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee, Percent Contributions by employer Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount Income Statement [Abstract] Revenues Revenues Cost of revenues Cost of Revenue Marketing Marketing Expense Technology and development Research and Development Expense General and administrative General and Administrative Expense Operating income Operating Income (Loss) Other income (expense): Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract] Interest expense Interest Expense Interest and other income (expense) Nonoperating Income (Expense) Loss on extinguishment of debt Gains (Losses) on Extinguishment of Debt Income before income taxes Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Extraordinary Items, Noncontrolling Interest Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Basic (in dollars per share) Diluted (in dollars per share) Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted [Abstract] Basic (in shares) Diluted (in shares) Authorized amount Stock Repurchase Program, Authorized Amount Amount repurchased Stock Repurchase Program, Amount Repurchased to Date Stock Repurchase Program, Amount Repurchased to Date Remaining authorized repurchase amount Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Authorized Repurchase Amount Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table] Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table] Related Party [Axis] Related Party [Axis] Related Party [Domain] Related Party [Domain] Director [Member] Director [Member] Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Convertible Debt [Member] Convertible Debt [Member] Debt Instrument [Axis] Debt Instrument [Axis] Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Senior Convertible Notes [Member] Senior Convertible Note [Member] Senior Convertible Note [Member] Range [Axis] Range [Axis] Range [Domain] Range [Domain] Minimum [Member] Minimum [Member] Maximum [Member] Maximum [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Long-term debt due to related party Due to Related Parties, Noncurrent Proceeds from issuance of debt Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt Debt issuance costs, net Deferred Finance Costs, Noncurrent, Net Debt issuance costs Payments of Debt Issuance Costs Weighted average price of common stock Weighted Average Price Of Common Stock Weighted Average Price Of Common Stock Trading days prior to conversion date required for conversion Trading Days Prior To Conversion Date Required For Conversion Trading Days Prior To Conversion Date Required For Conversion Common stock conversion ratio Debt Instrument, Convertible, Conversion Ratio Fair value at conversion Common Stock, Fair Value at Conversion Common Stock, Fair Value at Conversion Summary Of Activity Related To Stock Option Plans Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Stock Options, Activity [Table Text Block] Summary Of Assumptions Used To Value Stock Option Grants Using Lattice-Binomial Model Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward] Shares Available for Grant, Beginning Balances Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Beginning Balances Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Granted Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Net of Forfeitures Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Exercised Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Canceled Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period Shares Available for Grant, Expired Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available For Grant, De-authorizations In Period Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available For Grant, De-authorizations In Period Shares Available for Grant, Ending Balances Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Ending Balances Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract] Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Beginning Balances Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Granted Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Exercised Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Canceled Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Ending Balances Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract] Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Vested and exercisable Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Number Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Vested and exercisable Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, Vested and exercisable (in Years) Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Vested and exercisable Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Aggregate Intrinsic Value Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table] Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table] Plan Name [Axis] Plan Name [Axis] Plan Name [Domain] Plan Name [Domain] 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member] Two Thousand Two Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member] Two Thousand Two Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Purchase price as a percent of closing price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Purchase Price of Common Stock, Percent Common stock purchase period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Common Stock Purchase Period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Common Stock Purchase Period Common stock look-back period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Common Stock Look-back Period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Common Stock Look-back Period Maximum percent employees can invest of their gross compensation through payroll deductions Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Maximum Employee Subscription Rate Maximum number of shares employee can purchase Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Maximum Number of Shares Per Employee Shares available for future issuance Common Stock, Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance Balance Sheet Components Disclosure [Abstract] Balance Sheet Components Disclosure [Abstract] Balance Sheet Components Supplemental Balance Sheet Disclosures [Text Block] Guarantees [Abstract] Guarantees-Indemnification Obligations Guarantees [Text Block] Deferred tax assets (liabilities): Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract] Stock-based compensation Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost Accruals and reserves Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals Depreciation and amortization Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment R&D credits Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Credit Carryforwards, Research Other Deferred Tax Assets, Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Assets, Gross Valuation allowance Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance Net deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward] Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward] Beginning Balance Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities Ending Balance Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Preferred stock, shares authorized Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized Preferred stock, shares issued Preferred Stock, Shares Issued Preferred stock, shares outstanding Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding Common stock, shares authorized Common Stock, Shares Authorized Common stock, shares issued Common Stock, Shares, Issued Common stock, shares outstanding Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding Senior Notes [Member] Senior Notes [Member] 8.50% Senior Notes [Member] Eight Point Five Zero Percentage Senior Notes [Member] Eight Point Five Zero Percentage Senior Notes [Member] Face amount Debt Instrument, Face Amount Interest rate Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage Redemption price, percent of outstanding principal Debt Instrument, Redemption Price, Percentage Make-whole premium Debt Instrument, Make-whole Premium Debt Instrument, Make-whole Premium Interest paid Interest Paid Loss on extinguishment of debt Write off of unamortized deferred financing costs Write off of Deferred Debt Issuance Cost Contractual Obligation [Table] Contractual Obligation [Table] Contractual Obligation [Table] Current Content Liabilities [Member] Current Content Liabilities [Member] Current Content Liabilities [Member] Non-current Content Liabilities [Member] Non-current Content Liabilities [Member] Non-current Content Liabilities [Member] Contractual Obligation [Line Items] Contractual Obligation [Line Items] [Line Items] for Contractual Obligation [Table] Total streaming content obligations Recorded streaming obligations Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation Unrecorded streaming obligations Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation Schedule of Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustment Restatement [Table] Schedule of Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustment Restatement [Table] Nature of Error [Axis] Nature of Error [Axis] Nature of Error [Domain] Nature of Error [Domain] Marketing Expenses Reclassified to Costs of Revenues [Member] Marketing Expenses Reclassified to Costs of Revenues [Member] Marketing Expenses Reclassified to Costs of Revenues [Member] Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustments Restatement [Line Items] Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustments Restatement [Line Items] Costs of free trials allocated to marketing reclassified to cost of revenues Prior Period Reclassification Adjustment Short-Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Abstract] Short-Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Abstract] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Table] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Table] Measurement Frequency [Axis] Measurement Frequency [Axis] Fair Value, Measurement Frequency [Domain] Fair Value, Measurement Frequency [Domain] Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring [Member] Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring [Member] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain] Cash [Member] Cash [Member] Fair Value, Hierarchy [Axis] Fair Value, Hierarchy [Axis] Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain] Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain] Level 1 Securities [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] Level 2 Securities [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Schedule of Trading Securities and Other Trading Assets, Major Types of Trading Securities and Assets [Axis] Major Types of Debt and Equity Securities [Axis] Major Types of Trading Securities and Assets [Domain] Major Types of Debt and Equity Securities [Domain] Money market funds [Member] Money Market Funds [Member] Corporate debt securities [Member] Corporate Debt Securities [Member] Government securities [Member] US Treasury and Government [Member] Asset and mortgage-backed securities [Member] Asset-backed Securities [Member] Certificates of deposit [Member] Certificates of Deposit [Member] Agency securities [Member] Agency Securities [Member] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] Short-term Investments [Member] Short-term Investments [Member] Non-current Assets [Member] Non-current Assets [Member] Non-current Assets [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Cash and Money market funds, Amortized Cost Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Amortized Cost Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Amortized Cost Cash and Money market funds, Gross Unrealized Gains Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Gross Unrealized Gains Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Gross Unrealized Gains Cash and Money market funds, Gross Unrealized Losses Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Gross Unrealized Losses Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Gross Unrealized Losses Cash and Money market funds, Fair Value Disclosure Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Fair Value Disclosure Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Fair Value Disclosure Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost Basis Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gains Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gain1 Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gain1 Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Losses Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Loss1 Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Loss1 Available-for-sale Securities, Estimated Fair Value Available-for-sale Securities Total, Amortized Cost Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Amortized Cost Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Amortized Cost Total, Gross Unrealized Gains Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Unrealized Gains Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Unrealized Gains Total, Gross Unrealized Losses Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Unrealized Losses Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Unrealized Losses Total, Estimated Fair Value Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Fair Value Disclosure Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Fair Value Disclosure Available-For-Sale Securities Reported at Fair Value Fair Value Disclosure, Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash [Table Text Block] Fair Value Disclosure, Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash [Table Text Block] Estimated Fair Value Of Short-Term Investments By Contractual Maturity Investments Classified by Contractual Maturity Date [Table Text Block] Schedule of Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Table] Schedule of Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Table] Schedule of Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Table] Content Library, Current [Member] Content Library, Current [Member] Content Library, Current [Member] Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Number of streaming members (more than) Number of Streaming Members Number of Streaming Members Number of Countries (nearly) Number of Countries in which Entity Operates Number of Hours (more than) Number of Hours of Streaming Content Watched per Month Number of Hours of Streaming Content Watched per Month Number of reportable segments Number of Reportable Segments Streaming content library useful life Streaming Content Library, Useful Life Streaming Content Library, Useful Life Original content useful life Streaming Content Library, Original Content, Useful Life Streaming Content Library, Original Content, Useful Life DVD content library useful life DVD Content Library, Useful Life DVD Content Library, Useful Life Estimated useful life Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life Advertising expense Advertising Expense Foreign currency transaction loss Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss), before Tax Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Amount R&D tax credit Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, Change in Tax Reserves Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, Change in Tax Reserves Other Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount Federal statutory rate Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Assets Assets [Abstract] Current assets: Assets, Current [Abstract] Cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Short-term investments Available-for-sale Securities, Current Current content library, net Content Library Net Current Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. Other current assets Other Assets, Current Total current assets Assets, Current Non-current content library, net Content Library Net Noncurrent Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. Property and equipment, net Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Other non-current assets Other Assets, Noncurrent Total assets Assets Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Liabilities and Equity [Abstract] Current liabilities: Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Current content liabilities Content Liabilities, Current Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of content liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for content received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). Accounts payable Accounts Payable, Current Accrued expenses Accrued Liabilities, Current Deferred revenue Deferred Revenue, Current Total current liabilities Liabilities, Current Non-current content liabilities Content Liabilities, Noncurrent Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of content liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for content received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the non-current portion of the liabilities (due in greater than one year). Long-term debt Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities Other non-current liabilities Other Liabilities, Noncurrent Total liabilities Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders’ equity: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract] Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013 Preferred Stock, Value, Issued Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; 60,415,841 and 59,607,001 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively Common Stock, Value, Issued Additional paid-in capital Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Retained earnings Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total stockholders’ equity Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity Liabilities and Equity Due within one year Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, Next Rolling Twelve Months, Fair Value Due after one year and through 5 years Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Maturities, Rolling Year Two Through Five, Fair Value Total short-term investments Available-for-sale Securities, Debt Securities Segment Reporting [Abstract] Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table] Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table] Antidilutive Securities [Axis] Antidilutive Securities [Axis] Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain] Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain] Equity Option [Member] Equity Option [Member] Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Employee stock options Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Domain] Class of Stock [Domain] Series A [Member] Series A [Member] Undesignated Stock [Member] Undesignated Stock [Member] Undesignated Stock [Member] Number of voting rights per share Common stock, Voting Rights, Votes per Share Common stock, Voting Rights, Votes per Share Balance Sheet Related Disclosures [Abstract] Schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment [Table] Property, Plant and Equipment [Table] Information technology assets Member] Technology Equipment [Member] Furniture and fixtures [Member] Furniture and Fixtures [Member] Building [Member] Building [Member] Leasehold improvements [Member] Leasehold Improvements [Member] DVD operations equipment [Member] DVD Operations Equipment [Member] DVD Operations Equipment [Member] Capital work-in-progress [Member] Construction in Progress [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Less: Accumulated depreciation Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment Property and equipment, net Estimated Useful Lives Document And Entity Information [Abstract] Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name Entity Registrant Name Entity Central Index Key Entity Central Index Key Current Fiscal Year End Date Current Fiscal Year End Date Entity Filer Category Entity Filer Category Document Type Document Type Document Period End Date Document Period End Date Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Amendment Flag Amendment Flag Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Public Float Entity Public Float Short-Term Investments Short Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Text Block] Short Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Text Block] Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract] Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block] 5.375% Senior Notes [Member] Five Point Three Seven Five Percent Senior Notes [Member] Five Point Three Seven Five Percent Senior Notes [Member] Interest rate Repayments Repayments of Debt Senior notes, fair value Long-term Debt, Fair Value Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Segments [Axis] Segments [Axis] Segments [Domain] Segments [Domain] Domestic Streaming [Member] Domestic Streaming [Member] Domestic streaming member International Streaming [Member] International Streaming [Member] International streaming member Domestic DVD [Member] Domestic Dvd [Member] Domestic DVD member Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Total members at end of period Number Of Subscriptions At End Of Period Number Of Subscriptions At End Of Period Cost of revenues Contribution profit (loss) Contribution Profit Contribution Profit Other operating expenses Other Cost and Expense, Operating Other income (expense) Interest and Debt Expense and Nonoperating Income (Expense) Interest and Debt Expense and Nonoperating Income (Expense) Total content library, net Content Library Net Content Library Net Amortization of content library Cost of Services, Amortization of Content Library Cost of Services, Amortization of Content Library Total revenues Gross profit Gross Profit Net income (loss) Earnings (loss) per share: Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Abstract] United States Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Domestic Foreign Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Foreign Components Of Content Library Schedule of Content Library [Table Text Block] Schedule of Content Library [Table Text Block] Property And Equipment And Accumulated Depreciation Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block] 2011 Stock Plan [Member] Two Thousand And Eleven Stock Plan [Member] Two Thousand And Eleven Stock Plan [Member] 2002 Stock Plan [Member] Two Thousand And Two Stock Plan [Member] Two Thousand And Two Stock Plan [Member] Award Type [Axis] Award Type [Axis] Equity Award [Domain] Equity Award [Domain] Employee Stock Option [Member] Employee Stock Option [Member] Total intrinsic value of options exercised Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Intrinsic Value Cash received from option exercised Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised Selected Quarterly Financial Data Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block] Schedule of Income before Income Taxes Schedule of Income before Income Tax, Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block] Components of Provision for Income Taxes Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block] Reconciliation of Provision for Income Taxes Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block] Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] Summary of Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits Summary of Income Tax Contingencies [Table Text Block] Expected timing of payments for streaming content obligations Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table Text Block] Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block] 5.750% Senior Notes [Member] Five Point Seven Five Percent Senior Notes [Member] Five Point Seven Five Percent Senior Notes [Member] Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities, Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities, Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent Employee Benefit Plan Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block] Long-Term Debt Long-term Debt [Text Block] Total content library, gross Content Library Gross Content Library Gross Accumulated amortization Content Library Accumulated Amortization Content Library Accumulated Amortization Total content library, net Current content library, net Non-current content library, net Property and equipment included in accounts payable Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas [Table Text Block] Information On Reportable Segments And Reconciliation To Consolidated Net Income Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block] Dividend yield Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate Expected volatility, minimum Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate, Minimum Expected volatility, maximum Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate, Maximum Risk-free interest rate, minimum Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate, Minimum Risk-free interest rate, maximum Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate, Maximum Suboptimal exercise factor, minimum Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Suboptimal Exercise Factor Minimum The minimum factor at which the company expects the share price to be compared to the share option exercise price when the employee exercises. Suboptimal exercise factor, maximum Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Suboptimal Exercise Factor Maximum The maximum factor at which the company expects the share price to be compared to the share option exercise price when the employee exercises. Valuation data: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract] Weighted-average fair value (per share) Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands) Share-based Compensation Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands) Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Tax Benefit from Compensation Expense Exercise Period [Axis] Exercise Period [Axis] Exercise Period [Axis] Exercise Period [Domain] Exercise Period [Domain] [Domain] for Exercise Period [Axis] Granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 [Member] Granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 [Member] Granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 [Member] Exercise period after employment termination Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Exercise Period After Employment Termination Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Exercise Period After Employment Termination Full exercise period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Expiration Period Segment Information Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block] 2015 Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Next Twelve Months Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Next Twelve Months 2016 Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years 2017 Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years 2018 Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years 2019 Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years Thereafter Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter Total minimum payments Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent [Abstract] Foreign currency translation adjustments Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax of $(156), $(697), and $538, respectively Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, before Reclassification Adjustments, Net of Tax Total other comprehensive income (loss) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent Comprehensive income Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent Stockholders' Equity Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Text Block] Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Text Block] Loss Contingencies [Table] Loss Contingencies [Table] Litigation Status [Axis] Litigation Status [Axis] Litigation Status [Domain] Litigation Status [Domain] Pending Litigation [Member] Pending Litigation [Member] Litigation Case [Axis] Litigation Case [Axis] Litigation Case Type [Domain] Litigation Case [Domain] United States District Court for the Northern District of California [Member] United States District Court for the Northern District of California [Member] United States District Court for the Northern District of California [Member] Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County [Member] Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County [Member] Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Shareholder suits Loss Contingency, Pending Claims, Number Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table] Equity Components [Axis] Equity Components [Axis] Equity Component [Domain] Equity Component [Domain] Foreign currency [Member] Accumulated Translation Adjustment [Member] Change in unrealized gains on available for sale securities [Member] Accumulated Net Unrealized Investment Gain (Loss) [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Roll Forward] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Roll Forward] Beginning balance Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Reclassifications, Net of Tax Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, Current Period, Net of Tax Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Ending balance Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table] Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table] Geographical [Axis] Geographical [Axis] Geographical [Domain] Geographical [Domain] United States [Member] UNITED STATES International [Member] International [Member] International [Member] Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items] Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items] Long-lived assets Long-Lived Assets Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Statement [Table] Statement [Table] Common Stock [Member] Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-In Capital [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Statement [Line Items] Statement [Line Items] Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Beginning Balance (in shares) Shares, Outstanding Beginning Balance Other comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Stock Issued During Period, Value, Stock Options Exercised Stock-based compensation expense Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition Excess stock option income tax benefits Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Income Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation Note conversion (in shares) Note conversion Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities Ending Balance (in shares) Ending Balance Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Cash flows from operating activities: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Additions to streaming content library Additions to Streaming Content Library Additions to Streaming Content Library Change in streaming content liabilities Change in Streaming Content Liabilities Change in Streaming Content Liabilities Amortization of streaming content library Cost of Services, Amortization of Streaming Content Library Cost of Services, Amortization of Streaming Content Library Amortization of DVD content library Cost of Services, Amortization of DVD Content Library Cost of Services, Amortization of DVD Content Library Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization Stock-based compensation expense Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation Excess Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation, Operating Activities Other non-cash items Other Noncash Income (Expense) Deferred taxes Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Assets [Abstract] Other current assets Increase (Decrease) in Other Current Assets Accounts payable Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable Accrued expenses Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities Deferred revenue Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Revenue Other non-current assets and liabilities Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Assets and Liabilities, Net Net cash provided by operating activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract] Acquisition of DVD content library Payments For Acquisitions Of Content Library The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. Purchases of property and equipment Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment Other assets Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities Purchases of short-term investments Payments for (Proceeds from) Available-for-sale Securities, Short-term Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from Sale of Available-for-sale Securities Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Proceeds from Maturities, Prepayments and Calls of Available-for-sale Securities Net cash used in investing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract] Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock Proceeds from public offering of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from Issuance (Payments for Repurchase) Public Offering of Common Stock Proceeds from Issuance (Payments for Repurchase) Public Offering of Common Stock Debt issuance costs Redemption of debt Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation Excess Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation, Financing Activities Principal payments of lease financing obligations Repayments of Long-term Capital Lease Obligations Net cash provided by financing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosure: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract] Income taxes paid Income Taxes Paid Income Taxes Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block] Computation of Net Income Per Share Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block] Summary of Potential Common Shares Excluded from Diluted Calculation Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block] Use of Estimates Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] New Accounting Pronouncements New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments [Policy Text Block] Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments [Policy Text Block] Streaming Content Streaming Content Library, Policy [Policy Text Block] Streaming Content Library, Policy [Policy Text Block] DVD Content Library DVD Content Library, Policy [Policy Text Block] DVD Content Library, Policy [Policy Text Block] Property and Equipment Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block] Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block] Revenue Recognition Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block] Marketing Advertising Costs, Policy [Policy Text Block] Income Taxes Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block] Foreign Currency Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block] Earnings Per Share Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block] Stock-Based Compensation Compensation Related Costs, Policy [Policy Text Block]
begin 644 nflx201410k_chart.jpg M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$! M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_ MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$! M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_P``1"`'@`F4#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0` M'P```04!`0$!`0$```````````$"`P0%!@ 7J#A(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7& MQ\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN'BX^3EYN?HZ>KQ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_\0`'P$``P$!`0$! M`0$!`0````````$"`P0%!@ 'EZ@H.$ MA8:'B(F*DI.4E9:7F)F:HJ.DI::GJ*FJLK.TM;:WN+FZPL/$Q ;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H MHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BB MB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`**** M`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH` M****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BO-/BY\6?!WP3\#WGC_P`= M7=S:Z+!K?@WPM9PV-M]LU'6?%GQ%\9Z!\._`7AC2K9I8(9=6\6>./%/A[PUI M7VNZL[!+_58)=0OK&PCN;R#YY\)_MM>"?$7ASX67FI?#OXK>&/'7QCUGPQX= M^'_PNUG0M!A\1^+=:\1_!G4_CRZ^%O$,GB:#X>Z_HVB_#GP]XJU76=?M_%\% MG877AG5=$NX;?Q`D&D3`'VC17QWI?[ *(M'\,3MJGPZ^'O@OQ/K'@KQ;XE\ C>+O#/BOP_#I&B)X@\0^ M([SPEXHN/"&D>(=-T+4+Z+M;_P#:H^$MEKUWIL>HZEJ7AW2/$'PU\(^)?B/I M5C!>_#KPOXN^,-KX=OOAEX:UGQ$M\DC:AXNL_&G@6\MKG2=.U32-)L_'?@V[ M\1ZGHUMXBT^60`^CZ*\F^(/QA\/?#_7/"_A)])\3^+?&WC'3_%&MZ!X+\&:5 M!JOB&Z\-^"(=)D\7^)I(K[4-)T^TT3P_/XA\-:;=7%SJ,5Q>:WXE\/Z#I%KJ M6L:O9V4GE^H_MD?`^UTJ'Q+I6M:IXI\%VWPN\'_&WQ9XW\-:2][X9^'WPD\? MS:E'X0\>^-KBZN+'4--TC5X-"\2:E):V&FZKK>BZ)X:U[7?$.DZ3H^G2WI`/ MJFBD5E=0RD%2,@CD$>H/0@]B,@CD$@@TN 'Y]!\#VLOB+X5_'/0X_C/JOPBTV[TK3OB%X& MUZ;P;X2U'1_$6AQVS[/]AKXC^%?A%\3/V3-+MM0UWP5\5/B;^RKXT@^,Q\26 M,-MX 7_@>WT6RU;2;]_'VA6]] MJFDP>'_$$T/['44`?%WC_P`%>.K?]HOX8_M*^%O`7B7Q;;^'/A-\=O@-XA\" M1:WX8T7Q#"/%_P`2?A9XU\)^-]+AUW7[/PW=:%?ZC\)+G3-1>36K?6K?1/%W MAS6WTW9I6LZ9:?"_A/\`8/\`C'\)?@)\;_V?]'L(_&MW^T]^QO\`#7]G_5O& M]KXHM+?P[\,/B1:>#/BI\/?B#JFJQZYJ-EXEG\`:=IGQ*M_%'@V;POIFJZOJ MMSH>KZ'?Z7H=W>Z/=7G[ 4NQ))R>=\=^`/#?Q(T6/P_XI369--BO[?4E70O%? MBSP?>_:K:*XAB+:MX-UWP_JSP!+F7S+-[YK*9O+DFMY)(8'B[2B@#\+/"YUW MX>?\%Y--_9T\,>//BG#\"]9_X)*>)?C1J/PJU?XM_$_Q5X+N/BOI_P"V%X;\ M#V7Q`&D>+/%^N+;^)[;PA E^E]_P"# MC6O_`)8U^*5__P`K)GAK_M"-XQ_];L\+5^Y=`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T? M\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6 M-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^ M#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI M?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U% M`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O M_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I?? M^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_ M`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1 M_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6 MO_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(W MI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`( MWI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC M6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I? M?^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I M??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10 M!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C M6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\` M@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\`Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\ M(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK_P"6-;U%`&#_`,(WI?I??^#C6O\` MY8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P`(WI?I??\`@XUK M_P"6-;U%`%"QTVUT_P`TVPG'F[-_G7E[=_ ^\.^ M#[OPA;ZS/)=MI>C:!8>+?''AOP3/XR\8ZXMCJ?\`PC/P\\#+XC_X3'XD>+7T MZ_B\)>!-#\0^(YK*ZBTUH7\$\(_'S]L#XA?`GP!X_P#AY^SI\%?%/C?QGI7P MQ\46MUK_`.T=K'@CX.:WX#\ [C\*6O M@V[\$WMO .O&_PYTSQ%J7P0T>S\=:-^ MS[J7[3OQ0\)^&_B9>Z]X>T?X57WC'XA^'?A=)\//%NL_#SPM?^.?$/Q>T+X9 M>*?&'A*TUWPIX"TFRT^P6S\0:MIDE_I]S-V\G[=G@FZTWQ)\1_#^B+K'P&\# M>+O@AX%\9_$U]=CL+^UUOX\Z#\)O%/AO4]"\)-I=P=4\+>&/#OQS^%FI>--2 MO] UN+2-*U6[\)WEKJ`!]W45X#\1_C3?>&OB5X&^#?@CPQ8^,/B3X MV\(>/?B.FG:OXF'A/0M(\!_#?4_!?A_7M3U'5XM&\17O]HZGXJ^(?@_PWX=T MZVT>5+J:^U75;V[M-.T"Z%S\WP?\%"?!7B/P'XF^+'@'PA?>)?AO\+O@!X%_ M:0^,NHWVMVNC>(O!W@CQMIWC#79O#VBZ#'8ZI9^)?'G@_P`,>`O%?B/Q7H\^ MN:'IL45EI.DZ-JVKZCKJ'3@#]#J*KVEU;WUK;WEI-' WGC M66":)UR'BEB=)(V'WD93QG%9?B#Q-X=\*6*ZGXGU[1?#NG/ .$2&1UBD95(1B`#\4+_P#Y63/#7_:$;QC_`.MV M>%J_ ']3\.^*?#>O:=!_P`$4/&-C/?:-KVD:K9PWO\` MPW-X2N/LDMU87MQ!'=>1)'-]G>19O)82[-GS5^\']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T M`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T M$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\`00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM' M]K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P, MMO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\`00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_ M`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#` MRV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\` M00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T M`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T M$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\`00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM' M]K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P, MMO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\`00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_ M`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#` MRV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\` M00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T M`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T M$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\`00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM' M]K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P, MMO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\`00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_ M`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#` MRV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H45G_P!K:9_T$+'_`,#+;_X[1_:VF?\` M00L?_`RV_P#CM`&A16?_`&MIG_00L?\`P,MO_CM']K:9_P!!"Q_\#+;_`..T M`:%%9_\`:VF?]!"Q_P#`RV_^.T?VMIG_`$$+'_P,MO\`X[0!H457@N[6ZW_9 MKB"?9C?Y,T4VS=G;N\MVV[L'&[& _TD7&E^/K;4I_"^N^'FU.UC\4Z%?3:3'=7N MG3ZMX=?4K/3=573=9MM.U.2TN=0T36-/6ZL)_P`W/V4OV%OB?^SK^R/\6O@K MX5\3^&?AWK?Q7\,:/;>%?A[X *[3Q1\6;S0_"^A^%O`4'CO5MVBZ!9MJ'B+Q#K?ZNT4`?"_CS]E'7+37 M_%^I?!+4/!_A/3OB3^RWX $?&GP%\+ZEX: MMOV=OB7X_P#V>?B!XHM]0M[\^/-(_P"%$>%?@=X.O?!^E6]I9_\`".ZSIGQ% MT?\`9T^'RWWB&_N])U#PO `;3XC^#O`GQ?^#U]H7B;4-?G\.:W\/OB)XM\%>+]&UA=?TG1$U>P\ M0Z%KWPP\*:W/H8T:XTR[M=>\5^&5UI)H='\5K\J:5_P3GNO`/PL^(?P-^'/B MOPXW@3X]?LR?#_\`9M^,NO\`B#2[RT\3V@\*:%XV\&>*?B5X1TG3;>]T74] ^#?B)KUG_PC6MWVE:7X4UW3-$UF#4M=LI-2T67]5**`*>G6%II5A9:980I M;6.GVMO8V=O$,1V]I:0I;VT"`DG9#!''$O\`LH*S_$'AGP[XKL5TSQ/H.B^( MM.2XCNUL-=TK3]8LENH5D2*Y6TU*VNK '?"WAO0=.G_X(H>,;Z>QT;0=(TJSFO?\`AN;PE;_:Y;6P MLK>"2Z\B..'[0\;3>2HBW[/EK]X/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\`QJOQ$O\`_E9,\-?] MH1O&/_K=GA:OW+H`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH` MS_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!V MW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X M!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[) MTS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJ MC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_ M`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H M'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R= M,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K M0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_ M`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z! M]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH` MS_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!V MW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X M!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R=,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:K0HH`S_[) MTS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJOQ6_X*1?\%AOA'^P?XWLO@UX7^% UJUC_`+0LO#VFZ3NAT>:VU74=2LH[ MW3K>]_;@C((Z9!&?K7\,?_!>?]D[XJ>`OVU_$'QRAT?4?$WP^_:,L='U?PK? M:-'-K>I:;XB\!>!]!\/>,_"VH:/8QSZO;Q:78:)8^)K/48[&31_['U?RI;Z* M\L;B"O@/$G.L\R'AN6.R*/+B7C ?9Q@ZN" ^`W@WX5:-XHDT;XJ>-_AO-JVG^)?%7B;0+SPK#X7\.># M_%$_AW_A+K$Z3K6IWWB/5K:[M;#1H(+.*QU:+7[NS^R?UJ>=^WSX/F+267[* MWQSTNVB/%I>?%/\`9T\2W@3@&."\@_:"\-27 _ PV"CE6`Q&.X9QV?8N4\FSFK/$QQ.`HYUF ME.IED*,L+#`XOZOF7$+QV&KXJO2J0I4(X>*^O?[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJC^R= M,_Z!]C_X!VW_`,:KX_'[4?Q3\,0Q_P#"T_V,_P!H?P^6D*OJWPR?X;_'KP\L M:GYY4A\`>-4^(+!1\P23X=132`%8HY)"B/HZ?^WI^RA/J$>C^(OBYIOPPUJ1 MA'_8WQP\/^,?@/JBW'\5J+7XQ>'?!(EN%;Y-EO+,KM@QLZLK'[99QEMTJN+I MX6;LHT\=&I@*LK[ ':F&XFP=- M1^)U 8XAU7PYJ^G:]ITI_Z9WVDW-Y:OQS\L MIXKH-RYQD9],C//3CK7H1E& "TM;7?]FMX(-^-_DPQ0[]N=N[RT M7=MR -OB)\*/`.L_$OQ?X9D\+73^%O#?A^[\8>)O\`A$;GQGX=T[XB^)?#/@C3 MM0TK4_B!XD\#?#R\\4>-]`^'>D:E9ZSX^U;P]:>$=(E_M+6+:.3X1^!7[=^O M^*O@)^SGXDTKXG?"_P#:5\4_M+3>'=!^&/BKX 2:IXE@`/UTH MK\T_^&Q-8^(\WCFW_9[\9>"_&NC_``?_`&:&_:)\1^+==\-:Q8+XTU_4_'/Q ML\`Z+\)Y_#TMQHNL?#6?0/$?[/WQ-T#XDIK-A=^-O".NQ:+I-UHL6HZ5K]I> M\G;_`/!0/5?$GPU\?_M,^'++1K3X'_"SQ_\`LW^!M7\):AI.H7?C7Q'8?'+P M;^SAXY\4^)EUZ/4+6UT2]\"Z5^TEX?M-"T&'0M0@U[4/!?B2+4K^&W\3:-=> M'`#]6**^5_B;\7?%K?'OX \2>+/A7\4?C/KOBOQ'H-[XFM] M-\-_#?Q;\,/`FG:%IVA6VKZ"ES>^)O%7Q.L[B_OY]43^S?#OAO5[:TM_[5UK M3=2TKXK\.?\`!13Q=\3?@W\5_CWX'T3PUHOA_P#9O_93\!?M&?$WP=K%EJFJ M7?C#Q%KOA7XE>-_''P[T'Q&EYIS^']-\.^&/AK=V_AKQ0VB:M HV;NC1N]I?6T5W;.\;@- M&[P31L\;`%&)4\BN;\=^/_#?PWT6/Q!XI?68]-EO[?35;0O"GBSQA>_:KF*X MFB#:3X-T+Q!JR0%+:7S+Q[%;*%O+CFN(Y)H$E`/QHO\`_E9,\-?]H1O&/_K= MGA:OW+K^>_PU\5/!WC[_`(.,]$U_PY-XA?3K+_@BSXQTB ^%;T7O\` MPW#X0OL1:7XK\+Z'JMQ;?9YD/]H6UE-IWFA[;[7]J1H1^^7_``DFE^M]_P"" M?6O_`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PD MFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E M=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_ M`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_P MDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74 M`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X) M]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^ MM]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U% M8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^ M5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X M)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U%8/\` MPDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_ M``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;U%8/\`PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_ M^5U`&]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_``DFE^M]_P""?6O_`)74`;K'`)Z^@]2> M`/Q.!7YR_LPK_P`-)?M$_&#]LR^)O/A_X7_M[]E_]E5F)>SN?`W@_P`2HWQU M^+FE$%X''Q9^+>A1^%]'U2W*->^!/A-X?O(':TUV3S.B_;B^,7B"U\`^&?@# M\'=7O])^.W[5&OWGPB^'^LV^G:HEW\/O#$FER:E\8?C4\;6D5P+;X3_#D:IJ MVERVZRF;QWJ7@?1V5?[6$B?4/PQ\.?#WX0?#KP/\*_`.EW.A^"?AWX4T'P9X M5TF+1]9(L=!\.:;;Z5IL,DATQ7N+C[-;))=W4N9[N[>>ZG=YII';Q:O^WYK3 MH+WL)E/+B #O!V_0,$_P#5G@S% M9DW[/.N-U7RC*M;5L+PI@ FZO9W&G:K8VFIZ?=QF*ZL-1MH;^RN8F^] M'/:7:36\T;="DD3*1P1BJ'_"2:7ZWW_@GUK_`.5U'_"2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74FD MTTTFGHTU=-/1IKKIH5&4H2C*$I0E%J491;C*,DTU*+33332::=TTGT/FSQ+^ MPO\`LD>)[Y=6E^`W@+PUK@D69O$OPVL+OX2>*I)5 '?CMX:MUQM6&2S^/ MGA'XA^)'M53"+%:^+[*9%`\JX1@&'U?_`,))I?K??^"?6O\`Y74?\))I?K?? M^"?6O_E=7G2RC+92 .?AQ\0?@CX@=0-H$_B?P+XM^*?AZ5RH#M)#\.K&,R,P6*)-JJ[_AH M+]I#PJUP?B1^Q9XZO[.T7$VM?`3XK?"WXMZ>Y`'[VWT3QEJ?P6\=W$1(9FBM M?"5Y=J"JI#.S 256CC8MV^U/,*&+Q'+W4 #-&O=5^*-[\3O M@Q+IVEZAJMYIWQD^"'Q>^'#^3IMI+>3VUCK7B#P;!X0UF^EBA:.QM=&\37YU M"Y:*WM))9)X@W\M/Q7_X.+_VQ/$/Q)U#6_@_X4^$G@#X76^IRGPWX-\6>#M0 M\9^(]0T-)B;.3QGXB7Q/H^S5[V`++?6GAJUTJTTMY6L+>ZU%K8:E ,?#^H>'=1EM ^!7BCXNZ''J#6?AOXE M_#]+";PAXDTH.$L-6O7UB^TJ]\)7 G3GC9/^T+_@G!^W+H?[??[.6G?&"V M\/)X-\8Z)K]_X#^)G@^&]?4;#1/&NCV6G:C-/H5_,L5W>^&]>TC5M+US19;V M"*\M8KV?2;PSW>F3W4_WS7Y0?\$E_P!CF^_8-_9@/@/X@:M;ZI\5?B#XPO\` MXE?$6/0+#7+_`$+P_JE_I&CZ#I/A'2M4.F0KK$?A_0]$LH]1UB*WAMK_`%RZ MU5K#S=,CL)Y?U!_X232_6^_\$^M?_*ZOTWAR>:U,BRJIGD>3-IX.D\=%QC"7 MMFMZD()0A6E#EE7A!1C"LYQC&*2BOY$\5L/P7A?$?C/#^'=95^"J.?8V'#M6 M-6K7HO`*:]W"5Z\IU\1@:=;VU/`8BM.I5KX*&'JU*M6 V MGW]VW;]LMK?S/NG/E[]O&[;E PTC5G!TG5+74+C2=2TG7+6ZL-3T'7 M[2"?1==LP;*_?3+ZXDTG5=(U6*RU.U^"_A)_P3B\*_"?2O"7BC2?']\GQ_\` M#GBSPKX\O/BEIWA/0K'P[J_B+0O@!H7[-6L:;=?#IY)H+KPMXN^&7A_3(O$A MU'Q)=>.-5\1Z5X?\0W?C=I?#6A65A^E-%`'PM#^PMX0TBR\10^$O'GBWPKJ? MQ/\`"WQ(\'?''7=/L]!;4OB?IGQ:^)7CKXM^,-8V+9V]EX1\86GCCXH?$FZ\ M&Z[HMM+9^%M*\;:MI0T34UL]!NM'Z&\_8O\`A^UYK&B:3JNI:'\(?%GBSX/> M//&/PBM+'2Y]"UGQ5\"=+^'6B>`)+/6KN*36M%T&72/A#\+=.\6^'K=[BV\2 M6O@?3H5NM+BU?Q9'X@^R**`/GOQM\$=4\5^*_!_Q*TSQ] J>&] ^TQ2Q>)_" MR:G+ITFB:WKGA:]\;G_8+^&=CX6O?AUX-U_Q)X0^&?C#X(^!?V>/BMX2M5T[ M4IOB)\,?AY:^(M-T:WN/$-[`NJZ%XGUK0?%_BOPMXT\4Z>9K[Q'X>UMHUATW M6M+T77-.^Z**`(XHHX8TAB18XXT5(XT541$0!41$4!41%`5%4`*H"@8`J3&? M_P!9'\J**`/PUOB1_P`')GAKD_\`*$;QCW)_YOL\*^I]A^0]*_ I*-+#X:E>R=;$UYTZ%%-I2JU()M7/:X=R2 MOQ'G>7Y-0K4L+] $ MPM::3 %=%M1B#2_#WAO3+;2-(L4)&^0V]C:0I)+(6EFE$D MTK/)(['LZSRS"3P>$A"M*-3%U93Q..K1ORU \J,9OV6&A*[I8: MG1HI\M-'7Q;G=#/ ?-!1110`4444`%%%%`!1@>@HHH`*** M*`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`)`Y)P/4TFY &-3\.V6M>(9?!UKXITK M0_&'A_7/''@"V\;0:5KLW@+6?B+X!TWQ1X$T#X@1:-JC^!- '?AG^T!X*T#XB>-_#=K\8[-_"'COX>?%C3+CXD^"-2T#Q%X M@N/#FLVBWUWI/AH`_=/(XY'/3D "_$^G^$_%/QU^%7AWX$?L!Z#\6O#UC\3/'U]XJ^*EC\=[[XB_M+?#WQHOQ M@\ +XO%&HZU=1Z[IE[X;N=,I:?^U;\; MO%/P,^+?[5-T_BOP_P"-_AE\7OV-O!?A;X065XMKX0NO#WQ4^&W[&_C/XA^' M-3\,_:);77M9\=:K^TKXVTG2=>UBXN-:\.VVF>"3X;DTZ]TJ_.L@'[ )?%/BO\`:K^$?P!36O&/A+P#K/P%^.WQ@UO5_!NL MR^&]6UWQ7X(\??`WX :3J7YQ>"?VN/CY\5_V:_VA?CQKWB'Q)X3\:_LV?L'_"WXY>!K'19K/1?# MGCKXFWG@/XQ?$;7_`!QXE\/64HTKQ1X8^(D_PV\.>&K3PQJ9;0M&TF;Q&?#L M=CK&HIJMB`?O9169HE]/J>CZ5J-U9S:= )CD]:Y[QYXC\2>%]%CU+PMX!UKXC:D]_;VKZ!H6M>$M!O8[66 M*X>746O?&>N>'](:"V>***2W2^:]D:YC:&WDCCG>,`_&B_\`^5DSPU_VA&\8 M_P#K=GA:OW+K^>_PUXN\8>(O^#C+1-1\2?"SQ%X"U&#_`((L^,;*#0=9\3>` M=9O;RR_X;A\'W']KQ7GA/Q-K>E16OVB22R%K I/`'MDX&>U?G-^RJ/^&COCS\8OVU[_P#TSP/;_P!K_LU?LJ%_ MGM'^$O@3Q,Y^+'Q5TP9,3?\`"[/B_I%Q!INH)&DE]\//AEX%NHI'MM1;?N?M MS?$SQV?`?A3]G+X71ZEX>^-?[6OB2X^#O@K6K.^TJ34?`_@I]+GU?XW?%R!8 M+YGMS\-?A=!K5UHMZ[Q0IX^UKP-I[.)-3A#?5WP[\*Z1\*O`?@WX:>!?`L^@ M>#/`'A?0O!WA71;:_P!%\G2_#_AO3+;2-(L48ZAND-O8VD*232%I9I?,FE=Y M)'8^+5_V_-:=!>]A,HY 4 HK!_M75/^A >>00?Q!`(^A`-?G/\`MG^%K/XB^._`7PQU?X^7WP)\-^./!7B*Q\=:H_B' M5/!_]O\`PML/&_@*^^)'@[X>^*;'XB>#[/P_\3_B!HZ6G@*7Q7/H?B#Q%X)^ M&^O^-/$7@+4O#7BA()M1^E/V6=`TWPQ\$_#.@Z)XN\(>,]!TS5_'5GX>U+P# MKVJ>)O!NF>'8/'WB>+0?!_A_7-:UC7]4OK3P)I*VG@R M:WX TGN+>;P#PG^Q;\#?!?@K0O M!'AZ#XCZ5;Z1)X>GU'Q)HWQE^+'A?QOXUN/#/@C2/AWI9^(/B_PAXP\/:QXR ML+;P?H6EZ+:^'M8GE\+Z3:65K%H.B:2EM;K%]844`>$^(?V:/@CXFL=`TS4/ M`>G6NF>'/!M_\-[+3=!N]5\,:?>?#?538OJ?PZUVS\.ZAID'B3P%J4NF6,U_ MX0U]-1T.[DAD,]FZWFH+=Z>I?`'X2ZMXT3Q[>^$;=M?^W^%-8NXX-0UBS\/Z MQKW@(I_P@GB/7_"5GJ$'A;Q!XC\%"*W7PKKNL:/>:GH?V#1FL;F)_#_A]M+] MCHH`\D\6?!'X?^.(M%_X2BSUS4=1\.:CXIO]"\10>+O%6C^+-)A\:RW!\3Z) M8>+-#UC3/$-OX9U>RN$TFY\.)J/]C_V7IVB6J6B'0=%EL,76_P!FGX(Z_)H9 MO?`.F0V>@^%O#'@2WT32KG5-#\,ZGX$\$W\FJ>#O!'B;POHU_8>'_%GA#PIJ M4UQ>^'/#GB73M4TG1I+W4XK&VBM-7U:VOO=:*`$``&!_G/)/N2>2>I/)I:** M`/PTO_\`E9,\-?\`:$;QC_ZW9X6K]RZ_#2__`.5DSPU_VA&\8_\`K=GA:OW+ MH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@ M`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`*:S!5+$@8'4G`_$]@.I/89 M/:G5\'_MX>-?$]]X.\$?LN_"_6+K1OB]^U]XDO/A/H^N::V-3^'WPIM=-.K_ M`+0'Q=@;Y?L\O@;X:&^TSP[>>;"4^(OB[P+:HYDNU% =Y?D]&M3PL K?M( M_&GXI_MQZJ?M/@RXCUO]GG]DZW92UJGP2\&>*7/Q"^+%GO;!NOCW\4M%EO=/ MO%@A-Q\,O`'PXFA>2/4;DR?HU7*^!?!7ACX;^"_"7P^\%:1:^'_!_@?PWHGA M+PMH=DI2TT?P[X=TVVTC1M,MU)+>59:=:6]NI9F=O+WNS.S,>JK/+ +,[HY]G5? M%8*C4PF3X2E0ROA_`57%U,!D.6TUA .]4'C'Q=^QWI7[6>OVT4-_P"$]3\5^"]`;7-9T;2OAG+K/A#1 MK[7M'6\^TM\4O&F@>&?!VFS6NK6=EIOB#Z`_85TV[TC]F+P%IMWHNI:&UKK7 MQ06UM]3^!EE^S1-J&F2_%OQU/H_B.T^!%I;VDOPRT;Q7I,MEXFT'PYK-I:^* M4T75K&^\7PKXHO=6+?F_\2/!B>`I?$WBOX@_LB?M2Z+X?G\ KMI,MA8S?M:Z'H/A[3- &_@+X/TJY^'WB[X6R#4O'>H+X)\=?%JY^.GBC2X=:^(?B MO6K:\U+XL7>O>*;KQFGB"VU"+Q)IU_<>)-=ELM*U>QT=]4NSIOF4`?1Y(4$D MX`Y)/0#N2>P'4D\` N:;8:SHNHV.KZ/JMG;:CI>JZ7=V^H:;J6G MWD*7%I?:??VDDUI>V=U!)'-;W5K-+!/$ZR12.C`GYM_;(\`W'Q2_9_\`%7P] MTWXM:-\%?$7BC6_A];^#_&_B6Q@UGPI+XSTKXA^%O$?A3P5XS\.3ZOX?'B_P M-\3- >)?#7Q'^&MWX531; MCPIJWQ:\!>(O"NC7MIJGAKPUXU\!:]9^(?\`A*8;[5M#\)^+?&8!_0.TT*^7 MNEC7S6V19=1YCE68)'S\[E4=@BY8A&(!"L0XR1AUB+J)'1I%0D;V1"BNZKG+ M*C2QAV4%4,B!B"ZY_FM_8V\5Z;XZ_8X^$5[\2;?Q/H/A'P)_P1"_9]\2?!F/ MQW8ZMX:U:Q\?Z;H?Q-T3XU_$_P`"1:@TM_)K%E#X=_9ZO_!_Q$TFZN/$"Z'X M@\+ZSH5Y9+XN8:EZ[!XA^-E]\&_C5X^\>)#'^VIX9^/7[`?AOX>0W5S *- M'M?%7PV_8POKWPSX?T]X8+W3_"/C7QQXN_:.3QSI^EV(T?67NOB78:X\]CX? MODTH`_?5Y$C`:1U16=(PS$*I>5UCC3 Q)X7U/XM^'_%_P`";"RNM2MKYXM(N]:\-?"'6OB7J7A_[7(] MSI^F7GC77+*%'TBXU"P_+KP;XK^+7B3]ES]HCQE\9[^^?XU>`O\`@F[\`?&7 M[+FK:QJ&I#QK:>+-7\)_&J_\$^./"LEU%%K0^)WC/XMZ/\.M)\2WNGPS^(?$ M.M:;X2T#78[F.ZL]/NP#^CNBLO1'U.31]+?68X(=7?3K)M5AM6+VT.IM:Q'4 M(K=CRT$=X9TA)_Y9JO2N 5]H\WY_*H`_&N_P#^5DSPU_VA M&\8_^MV>%J_ 9@JDG`QZG`_$]AW)[#)K\Z/V M2%/[1/QH^,7[ ?V5?,&Z"/X$?#WQ) '=-M MM(T73(`26,=EIUG;6ZLS,[^69')=V8^+4_V_-H4=\+D_+7K]8U,TKTO]EHOO M]2PE26+J4YJWM,9EU>F^>B[?H&&_XQK@K$8Y^YG/'3JY;E_2KA>$,LQD'F^/ MAM*']OYYA:62X7$T9*7U3(N*,OQ$'0QZYO2:*Y__`(J;_J!_^5.C_BIO^H'_ M`.5.O:/S\Z"BN?\`^*F_Z@?_`)4Z/^*F_P"H'_Y4Z`.@HKG_`/BIO^H'_P"5 M.C_BIO\`J!_^5.@#H**Y_P#XJ;_J!_\`E3H_XJ;_`*@?_E3H`Z"BN?\`^*F_ MZ@?_`)4Z/^*F_P"H'_Y4Z`.@HKG_`/BIO^H'_P"5.C_BIO\`J!_^5.@#H**Y M_P#XJ;_J!_\`E3H_XJ;_`*@?_E3H`Z"BN?\`^*F_Z@?_`)4Z/^*F_P"H'_Y4 MZ`.@HKG_`/BIO^H'_P"5.C_BIO\`J!_^5.@#H**S[#^T_P![_:/V'^#R?L7V MK_:W^;]I_P"`[-G^UN[5H4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%(>F,9!P"#R"" KX)^# *]` MTF[OU\2?J'^R]X4U?P;\#/`>EZYKOP[\07][9:CXG%S\(+)[#X1Z=8^,]:U+ MQ=I/ASX502W%U*_PW\+Z5K=EX?\`!=])+&=5T#3K+5DL=*AOHM)L?S^\!>._ MVUOA(/B;X9\(_P#!,C2/$6D^*?C5\;/&>J>.;7]J7X(^!)_BO_PEWQ*\3W6F M>/\`Q+X6UK0[_7H-1\1>#O\`A'(1IOB:]O[_`$C0K32?#(%MIFD66G6OVO\` ML5>'?%?A+]G#P/X !9O#EMHC:'!::1;Z4+.RT^RL;6UBLX`#Z2U[P_H/BG2; MO0?$VBZ3XAT/4%B2_P!'UW3;+5]*O4AGBN8DN].U&"YL[E8[B&&>-9H7"311 MRIMDC1EP?`_PX\!?#7PCI'@'P#X/\.>$/!>A6$.F:1X8\/Z/8Z9HMC8V]M%9 MI!%8VL*0MNMX8XYI9A+ $=-&G"R\-QZ;:VMM;:>FBP6*6=O;P0VPCC MAB5-BY\)>%;SQ#I_BZ[\->'[KQ7I-I+8:5XFN=&TV?Q#IMC/]H\^RL-:EM7U M.SM)_M=UYUO;744,GVF? 64]FNK7>I:IJ6H7.HK"+R>]U"]N99FFNIWD MMZKX/\)ZYJ>AZUK7ACP]J^L>&9I;GPWJVJ:)IFH:GX?N)F@::XT2_N[6:[TF M>9K:W,LNGS6\CF"$LQ,497HZ*`"BBB@#\-+_`/Y63/#7_:$;QC_ZW9X6K]RZ M_#2__P"5DSPU_P!H1O&/_K=GA:OW+H`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HH MHH`**\Q^*OQI^$7P,\.CQ=\9?B;X$^%OAE[@6 /?%.C>%M.NKXQM*MA97 M&L7=J+Z^:)'F%E9"XNC"CR^3Y:,P3X4_&SX0?'3P\WBSX,_$[P'\4_# W^J_VM]1 MQ/\`9GUG;ZO]?]E]5]O?3V7M?:7^R>GT445N>:%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`! M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%-9@JDD@8]3@9]SV'J>PR:=7P7^W7XR\3Z MSX?^'G[*/PPUJ^T+XJ_M<>)+[X>KXBT>7RM7^'7P3T.RBUG]H3XK6LP4BSO/ M#O@&;_A$?"MZ9('B^(WCWP4(',G`Y,?BXX'"5L5*$JK@HQI48-*IB,15G&CA ML-3;]U5 9I7:]SAO(ZW$>=X')Z5>GA(8F=6KC,?6C*6'RS M*\%0JX[-LVQ48>^\)E.68;%YCBE33J/#X6HJ >!OAK,LKP2_-^C- "?#NB^$_"N@:>C) M8Z)X=\/:=;:3HNE6BNSN(+#3K2WMHS([R,(]\CN[,QZFL\MPDL%A(4ZLXU 'K.G^ZGC)8:E#$9GB*48K&YI7QN/G'VN M*J-E%%%=Y\T%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`% M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!A>)O%'ASP7H6I>)_%NN:5X;\.Z/`+G5-:U MN^MM-TRQA:6.!'N;R[DB@B\VXFAMX4+^9/ $[+2=1\2Z+9^)=#T?7K/Q'-IFJ^'M M>U#PWJ%GXABT'7-/L-930KA-7FLH].#7*K^V%X*^'?Q%^`GB?P;\4=9^(OA7 MPMJVN_#VZMO'?PI75!X[^&GC3P[\0O"_BGX:_$_0[S2M(\0-I4WPZ^(VA^%? M%\FL:OH.M>%-+ATE[SQII=[X1CUJ!OS:_8G^+7Q"U+]DJW\+_%KQ;\/?AYX^ MN_"_PY^%W[/?[8.A?!2ZETKXP6D_[/'A?Q!HOB"[^&FN'4-(U+QO\-8[_6_A MSXG_`+,\2S?#/XA:QX>NG\#SZ6+W4?`'AH`_774OC1\)-(TOPAK=_P#$KP/! MHOC^PM]8\$ZP/$VD3:5XIT.ZM;"]@\0Z%J5O=366H^''M=6TB =M#2/6 M-(:34$_M2P^T:FH?$SX?:5XNT_P%J7C/PU8^,]5BMYK#PQ=:Q90ZU &Z73 MPM@\HF234S8:E_94$HCGU4:7JATV.[&FWWV?\4OA;X)^(?PN^%HT[XV_!G3O M!NH>-?\`@E+\+/V>?`'PN^&7@W5Y_!5C\5/`VH?'6S\>_"7P7X==]6N_"VI? M$G2/'OP O M7_[37Q!^.'["WBOP-XJBT34+T:OH_P`._AQ^Q%H'B;Q]9^*+:"YTF32?A5XK M^"OQ@U;Q-=W.IVUQID^GC46MC>^.O#Z:^`?MIXS^(?@;X=V-GJ7CGQ9H'A2R MU"\^P6%QKNIVNGI>W:V\U[-!:"=UDN6M=/M;O4[TPHZ6.EV5[J=ZUO86=S //".F2"Q M87.LZ)<>$89SJOB33--U7\U/!7P?^-/PX_9>_:(^#WQ.T;Q5>?%CX[?\$[/@ MA\)?@!H1\.WNH7=MXVTWP'\ VOK2*ZTK2_$7PC\;>/_"VN:^MY?V- MKX MIFC:MJ.F`']$@.>1167HEM?6>CZ7::G>?VAJ5MIUE;ZA?[!% M]NOH+6**\O?+``3[7 R6L45PDNG-9>,]#\0:0L%R\L4LEPEBM[&UM&L-Q'').D@!^-%_ M_P`K)GAK_M"-XQ_];L\+5^Y=?SW^&O"/C#P[_P`'&6B:=XD^*?B+Q[J,_P#P M19\8WL&O:SX9\`Z->V=E_P`-P^#[?^R(K/PGX9T32I;7[1')>BZN;*74?-E: M$W7V4K"O[Y?V5JG_`$,=]_X`:+_\KZ`-ZBL'^RM4_P"ACOO_```T7_Y7T?V5 MJG_0QWW_`(`:+_\`*^@#>HK!_LK5/^ACOO\`P`T7_P"5]']E:I_T,=]_X`:+ M_P#*^@#>HK!_LK5/^ACOO_`#1?\`Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\`\KZ`-ZBL'^RM M4_Z&.^_\`-%_^5]']E:I_P!#'??^`&B__*^@#>HK!_LK5/\`H8[[_P``-%_^ M5]']E:I_T,=]_P"`&B__`"OH`WJ#T..O:L'^R]4_Z&.^_P#`#1?_`)7U\)_M M-_M7>)?A[XOT_P#9R_9STZ?XY_M@>,M%&K:!\.C'I=GX(^%GAB[,T$7Q C34JM>O5E[M*C2C*I.6D8O6WM\/\/9MQ/F,,LR?#1KU M_95 +S+-,?B9TL)EN68*F_:XS'XRM1PV'IZU*B;BG_) M5_P7N\;_`!'\2_\`!1'Q]X7\:76J?\(G\._"'P\TWX3Z3=/+_9%EX7\0>$-+ MU_6M @U?4H0]S-)HMOI-Q.8]'AMX*?_!!OQS\1_"__!17 MX:^&?!5UJ0\+_$;PS\0](^*VDVTLBZ3J/A/0?!>L^(M,UC680#;FX\.>*['0 M3I.HS!;FVFU2;3()A#K%S;W']*?B7_@BY\"/CQX7N=:_:Z\=_$CXV_M&>*M7 MC\2^.?C[I>NOX)UJ*\$$T%OX'^'?AV.+5_#_`(+^#_AZWN'M/#7@%M.U**W9 M6UJ^NY];NKFYK1\&?\$1_P!C_P"%7@V;3_@]?_%;X #/VC=+\9 MK=?&SP1XETVWF@TU]%UY].MM$D\*ND\T'B'P' '2P;Y:T\'&G^ M[]O*DM?]'7]*3P6H^!'_`!!6>'S>MC8 6->5++JG&N'HX MC,\)FU7+HYHYY_#VV78;B"KB(K%/+*6-G[.'[##)`)&"0,CT/I2U^6WPY_:K M^+'P2\>^&_V=OV_-1TSP5XQ\3Z@VA?!K]J#PMI&E:7^SW^T1 )+/\`#W7-2BFATM/TJ&EZF1D>([[_`,%^C`CV M(.G9!]B,U^Y8',,/F%. *PM>'LL5A*SBI>QQ-%MN$N5J4)Q MFXUL/5K4)PJ2_P`Z>(^%\UX8Q&'IX^-#$8/'T98O)\ZRZLL9DN>X!5'36.RG M'QC&&(I1J1E1Q-"I&CC\NQ )J0DG%U,?@:T&JF'=OT"A_P`8UP36 MQ;]S.>/?:8'!WTJ87@W*L='^T\9#K'_6'B#!T\IPV(I2C4AA>'.(L#7C+#9G M'G]`HK!_LK5/^ACOO_`#1?\`Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\`\KZ]H_/S>HK!_LK5 M/^ACOO\`P`T7_P"5]']E:I_T,=]_X`:+_P#*^@#>KE?&OC7PO\._#&K^,?&6 ML6FA>'-#M6O-2U*\9O+BC!"1Q111J\]W>74S);6-C:QS7E]=2Q6UK#+-(J%U M[::E8V=U>/KVKSK:V\]PT%GI&E7=W,((GE,5K:PZ:TUS _%4NGWSZOHO@3PUJ5U'X;\(ZE!%87Z7,!>TDUCQ59VL M4$4GB1PLL?V9XVCT"*273;4M.U]>7G\X_23^D-DO@!P?2S&IA?[6XMS[ZWA. M$LDE&M'"5\5AJ=-XC,,TQ-/E5'+,M^L8>=>C3JPQF.J5:6%PJIQGB,9@_E.+ M>* LTOM+U.R 6_[AQ_%/Q) 3P-X%THJ6&0OE:[XATNX 7X"?2AX1\9.#J>:8J MG7R7BO*W0P7$^0X;+\TS"E0QM2DY4\=E=3"8;%SK97CU3K5 *QX9XQP.?X!5IJ6'QM'EIXS#1IUJJC4 >WX'T'17SJ?%GQKD),'PF\2Q1C`"ZEX_P#A+;7).,LWE:?8 MZO;B/)PC&[\QL,7BC`7 $X;K@#+-'IWPTU6V" M$Y\LB[9R!F1(R0M9KCK)&[?4N,;^?AWX@)?>^&;=5UZB_M'#WMR8[K_S*LTM MIY_4^O0^B**^?4OOVBIP9(O"/@2UC)(6&_\`BA)+=*!P3(]A\%YK7#')01R$ MA"N\!]P!_P`9,.2R:?\`"2V4GY89_%_B.\E0#C]Y U+&O\` M[I^-CIW]_#P^[?R/H(D#D_Y_Q)[#J37YS?%__@H?X#^&_P`6=)\":)I)\9>' M-)U":Q^)/B;2[DN=(F(-N;/PO%&3;Z[?:+ 2VZC] MH71/VR-6^$WBRW\)ZGX"AO)+-VO]+\#'7Y/&E]H85UU33O#6KZCIVE0'59K4 MM(#;6EGJ-U`L]AI1CU"6VD?^>IHVB9HG1HWC9HVC=&C>-XV*/&\;!7C>-U9' MC=5>-U9'564J/X2^E_\`2JX^\, &H0J*2E=I+%.:C.-. '] VDX)22-QAE96#130RK'/;3QRV]Q%% >"H[M'CL[6 M`HT/B:_"-IU_ J[RHRFE)Q_F2 M4Y[U%8/]E:I_T,=]_P"`&B__`"OH_LK5/^ACOO\`P`T7_P"5]?K1[9O450L; M2ZMO-^TZE/J&_9L\ZWLH/*V[MVW[';V^[?D9\S?C:-NW+9OT`%%%%`!1110` M4444`%%%%`!1110`$9&.?P)!_,8-11P10QQPQ(L44*)'%%%^ZCCCC4(D:)'M M5(T4!4C4!$4`*H``J6B@!"` E M+10`A4'KGZ@D'DYQD$''MG'`XX%!`./;T)`^A`."/8Y%+10`4444`?AI?_\` M*R9X:_[0C>,?_6[/"U?N77X:7_\`RLF>&O\`M"-XQ_\`6[/"U?N70`4444`% M%%%`!1110`4444`%!(')_P`_XD]AU)IDDB1(TDC*B(K,S.P555069F9B%554 M%F9B%5068@`D?E+XT^.'Q7_;N\7>(O@?^QKXMOOA]^SUX8U:\\+?'S]MO0Q! M+/JM[93?8_$GP@_9+N+BWN].\1^-U1IM/\4_&P)=>$/AX?.B\,/KGBI;9K7S M\?F%+`PIKDJ8G%8B3A@\#0Y7B B:[\8]!$=A\ N?%+XQ>.KMI9+ MWQ=\0?$YABFU*[#W$\.C:1;I;:!X7TUDTKP_IUC9HPE[CX%_`CX6?LW_``UT M'X3_``>\*67A'P9H`N)HK.WDGO-0U75M0E-SK'B3Q)K5[)/JOB7Q5K]\TFH: M_P")-:NKS5]7OI9+B[N7^1$]?KGP>7U7768YG.-?,'&4:-.# KQ!Q5@EEL^$^#L/B ME61P P?!'"? M$SX8?#WXR>!O$?PU^*?@WP[X^\!^+=.ETKQ%X5\4Z9;ZMHVJV ^-OVF/V2=&MN%CU>.))= & MJOW6W5P]3#XE4\13^PX;XOQ&2X?$9-F."H\0 &OB/\,_ M%N@>.?`OC#2K?6O#/BOPSJ5MJVB:UIER/W=S97UJ[QOL M06]U#+"G:5^8OQ!_9)^)_P"SKXT\1?M`?\$^6T#1M4\27]QXA^,G['WB:_\` M[!^!'QWOGW27_B'P/=0QO!\!_CA?H76+QCHMH?!/BZ^6RB\?Z`W[[7$^F/V9 MOVMOAA^T]I&O1>&DU[P5\3?`-Y%HGQ>^!OQ%TT^&?BW\(_$KIN_LCQEX8FD= MC8W@!GT#Q7HTVI>$_%%B4O=#U>[0R1Q9X3,I^WC@,RI0P>824O9 81@ MG*53+Z\U%SDH)SK8*HEB\,E)RC5PZIXJMUYYPA0675>)^$,96S[A6$J2QKJT MH4\^X6K8B:ITL%Q3E]&4XT*=2M*-'` +_$/B#PWX"_9(^&VL7>C_%+]K[7]1^'#ZWI4H35 M?A[\#=)L$U7]H?XJP/TM+CP_\/YG\(>%KUI('C^(OCSP9'`[2$J./'XN.!PE M;%.#JRIJ,:-&+2GB,35G&CA 9I79[G#61U>(\[P& M44Z\,)3Q-2I4QN/JQE.AE>5X.C5QN;YMB8P]^6%RG+,/B\QQ2A>HZ&&J*FI3 M 6*L(VC M;X_?%.WUKQNEP\(DU#X?^'OA:QD>.W6OT8KF_!WA+P[X!\)^&?`_A#2+30/" M?@[P_HWA;PQH5A'Y5CHWA[P_IUMI.C:59QY.RVT_3K2VM85))$ 'RS(L!4E& VQ523**S-7UK1_#^G7>L:]JNFZ+I%A&9K[5=6OK73=-LH0P4R MW=_>RP6MM&&8`O-*@R0,Y(%>#'XZ:EXU8VOP-\!ZK\1(GS'_`,)UK XZG"2C4JX'(\LHXO-L71I-_OZ]#!U*&&C>IB*E*G&4E\C MB,;AL*XPJU?WLU>GAZ I&+^.4*;C!7 G/)Z#O7A^O\`Q^\&66K7?A?P=;:W\5?&EHWDW/A?X;6 (Y+BT\'^$569568>(]?L+I$;='9SMM1L,?!7Q-XZS ,HT/EAQXD\1'2KD(6;0(5=HJ]S\/^&_#WA/ M2K;0O"^AZ1X=T6R4K::3HFG6FE:;;`XSY-E8PP6Z,Q4%G$>]F^9F))->(L5Q MUQ!;ZG@ \Z_)B,:UL^2A2G+"T&U[T*E2OBGTJ86+NCPS_`(1C MXZ_$<>9XQ\6V?P 69[J\NV7Q'N-M *Q^*=.+G/EA2HTH4 M 'P^'I=F3Y/@ O-) !8+3QU)&F^WNENHI89-`U&\G58?$-_9Q32:Q9EI$6RUA MGU23[HI,CW_(_P"%?& 'G!7B3E>'R7CGAS+N),LPF8X/-L-A A4\_, \\?\`CJ[N;718-;\&^%K.&QMOMFHZSXL^(OC/ M0/AWX"\,:5;-+!#+JWBSQQXI\/>&M*^UW5G8)?ZK!+J%]8V$=S>0?.ND_MI: M?JWPHTOXC6?[/W[26J^(M4M/!=Y;?"CPS\.K#Q)XTOK3QIX&T[Q_:ZOHNK6W MB:U^'>J^%]/TB^>RU#Q.WC:PT^#Q%:OX3>-/%EQ8Z%=>S?M&>#=%^(GP?\7> M`?%7P9TO]H#P9XTAT_POXW^%6JW.@6\/B+P=K6JV5EXBN+9?%%UINBW>I>'] M/DD\2:98W&L:)=7=]I$$>D:UI>M?V;=Q_F%^RK#^V?\`LH?LKZ#X(OO@Q^TM M^T-HEV_PZT;X->#;KQ1\`-2^/GP'\`K\&O!LWCBR\?>(_BU\6/AMH7B30O#O MQ3'B73/@YH'B3Q1XP^)>B^'9--TSQ_J%UINBV]C8@'V_X=_;P^`GC+P+X:^( M?@NZ\8^*?#^M?"[6/C/K\.G^#M2L?$'PU^&_AK7=3\*^*=>^)7A?Q`^B^(/# M.H>'?%F@>*O"VH>#$T_4?'=QKW@WQE8:1X9U-O"NMO:=]?\`[5'PELM>N]-C MU'4M2\.Z1X@^&OA'Q+\1]*L8+WX=>%_%WQAM?#M]\,O#6L^(EODD;4/%UGXT M\"WEM -O&?P_P#V=/$G MP]@^.G[&6E?LWZ?\)/&7C7X:W'B?X/\`C#X:>-_CWJO@WQ!\2]5\*^.?$WA& M_P!'^(UK\=]4\5>.-=\">*/&_B+2]4T0_;;'Q#KVO,+3EK/]AKXC^%?A%\3/ MV3-+MM0UWP5\5/B;^RKXT@^,Q\26,-MX 7_@>WT6RU;2;]_'VA6]]JFDP>'_$$T(!^FOQ!^,/A[X?ZYX7\)/I M/B?Q;XV\8Z?XHUO0/!?@S2H-5\0W7AOP1#I,GB_Q-)%?:AI.GVFB>'Y_$/AK M3;JXN=1BN+S6_$OA_0=(M=2UC5[.RD\OU']LCX'VNE0^)=*UK5/%/@NV^%W@ M_P"-OBSQOX:TE[WPS\/OA)X_FU*/PAX]\;7%U )?%MOX -?"?C?2X==U^S\-W6A7^H_"2YTS47DUJWUJWT3 MQ=X PC\:W?[3W[&_PU_9_U;QO: M^*+2W\._##XD6G@SXJ?#WX@ZIJL>N:C9>)9_`&G:9\2K?Q1X-F\+Z9JNKZK A![$9!'()!!I #[W[5;17$,1;5O!NN^']6>` M) ,>Q'_-]GA7U'N/S M'K7[E5_/?X:^%?@[P#_P V^SPH/[/MKV'3O-+W/V3[4[3']\O^$;TOTOO_!QK7_R MQH`WJ*P?^$;TOTOO_!QK7_RQH_X1O2_2^_\`!QK7_P`L:`-ZBL'_`(1O2_2^ M_P#!QK7_`,L:/^$;TOTOO_!QK7_RQH`WJ*P?^$;TOTOO_!QK7_RQH_X1O2_2 M^_\`!QK7_P`L:`-ZL3Q+XE\/>#=`UCQ5XMUS2/#/AGP_IUWJ^N^(->U&TTG1 M=&TJPA:XO=2U34[^6"SL+&T@1I;BZNIHX8D4EW'&?+?C'\0_@[^S_P##OQ)\ M5_C!XOM_`W@'PI:I=:UK^KZYKWE1M 7&H:OK.JWLL&GZ+H>E6 MEYJ^LZC XM$U;P5^S\JR:=H336^H M_$"?4M7B;2D\K'YDZ%2.!P5*.,S2K3]I3PKFX4J%%R /K1C-X;"*2DHOE ME6Q$XSIX6E6G"IR?:\- 1 5*52E.I#VU'`950K4 7%S/^JO@KP3X1^''A/P[X$\!^&]%\(>#?"6D66@^&O#/A[3 M[;2M$T/1M.A6WLM-TS3[1([>UM+:)0L VM[BV MMH(HX+>VM]3U6"WMX(46*"WMX(;Z.&"W@B1(8((8XX88D2*)$C15$G_"-Z7Z M7W_@XUK_`.6-5@,MCA9U,57JO&9EB8QCB IEQ-Q;/.Z.$R?*\%'(.$LJJ5)Y/P[AZ[Q$85JD8TZV;9QC M?98>6=\18Z$(_7\XQ%"BN2-/`Y9A,KR;"X'*\)O45@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC4 M%SH>D6EO/ 1U4^C*481E. B26K9\>VDFV[):MO9+NR?Q1XH\/^"O# M^K^*O%>K6>A>'="LI=0U;5K^3RK6SM80-SN0&>221V2&WMH4DN;NXDBMK6&: MXECB9/"WBKP[XW\/:1XL\)ZO9Z]X=UVRBU#2=6L)#);7=K+D!EW!9(I8G5X; MFUGCBNK2YCEM;J&&XAEB3^=/]J[]IS6OCCXGN-#T>#6?#/PST"_E31_#.HW> MIC4=5OK25X3X@\5VE[=3>5JRLLBV&D,NWP]$SPL9-3DO+BJW[+7[4.J?`/Q$ MFGZ\-3UWX6:Q=A_$7A^VU&_@N-'GF9$D\3^&XX+VU@75(U"_VEI\A6#7K6,0 MN\.H16=W'_GO/]H%P)3\8GPC++G'PQBWE$^/&L0L7'.U7Y'F[R]K_DEHN^'D MW2_M+V?_``J*+I+Z@_RU^)^6K/?J7LO^$9?N'F?O 6&H6\-U:W$.L:TRO%/&DJ%@-1+1.%= M?,BE"2Q-E)%5U8#1_P"$ K2J$USX>^+DN;"2)YI]$NM$U-A>U]8?\`"-Z7Z7W_ M`(.-:_\`EC1_PC>E^E]_X.-:_P#EC66+P>&QU"6'Q5*-6E)QDDW*,X3@U*G5 MHU8.-6A7I22G2KT9PJTJBC.G.,XIKV "K3QOX/U:2"[.GZMJ&LFXTK5[)O,TSQ)X 997L675OSS7QQ\9?^">=]'H/[2^K>-_V@_V,OM:VGAC M]K$W'B#6/B[\`--FE":?H7[4^B:$Y?QAX&L%:+3['X_>'-/6[T^*.(?$?1+= M776QY'UK%9,^3,ISQ>6)I4\V $$DZ4?^AK2C&DHW>/I8=4Y8O$ M? 197^O]% D^)_"NM6WB7PWK^GVNK:'X@T'Q3?:O MHNLZ5?0I 0.DUM>6D\MO/&RO'(P-;7_``C>E^E]_P"# MC6O_`)8U[\91E%2BU*,DI1E%IQE%JZ::T::U36C6J/S&I3J4:DZ56$Z56G.5 M.I3J1E"I3G!N,X3A)*4)QDG&49).+332:-ZBL'_A&]+]+[_P /3I:WD]WJ6L:U/I7@/3;W]S9ZUK-LE^[ZAK-_*ZQ M^%O#$4 *.*,;+"Y=A'3HT:-"E+$Y MCFF8XF7L\#D^3X"F_;YCFV8UK4,'@J" -3$8W'XW$3A0PN$P].=6M5G&,8[M M?HV-7TMY-3ACU&P>;12BZO$MY;-)I32VL=]&-2192]@7LI8KU1="$M:2) #(OAC%([KID07^8OP[_P4&^'_`([U+X@>!+?X MK_%#PJ_QRTK4O`_CGQ%>K=>'[CQAIGB>3[%K$7_"2W ZIK#)X7^'C6>E069L+'2?#GB*\72I+*YM-9B,B MNO\`/7AM])"CXDYC2R?-N`.*^&>- $RK`UN3.,/B,71Q-#,\5!8/#8OV&&G6^QQ%3BGPYR7,^'>-N`>,>"/$# MC#EHX3*^( G6$TDESK6L3`X%KH>@6,=UKF MN7;$$):Z3I]Y.YX"5Y>?&GQL^(A,7P_\"Q?#'P],=A\ \,.F$:XT2="T9ZSPC\"/AGX*O9=9TC09[CQ3=PK%J M7C;6M:US7?'&J`*0YU#Q;JFHW&MS+(2Q:WCNX;-`WEPVL42K&OH7_"-Z7_=O MN3D_\3C6>2>I_P"0CU-?N_\`9'&.?:Y_G='AK`3^+(^#ZE2KCJL/AE2QW&&8 M86AB_95H>^HY!DW#V88&M=4 ++2475KJOQ#GMK_1 MM'NBJEI/#'@6RM[+P1X /I];\(7.M^'/[&U/POXRO=6T&Z2'P+X5M[PZ=J&G:M M1S'+,#'+DEF&64Z=>I#,)XF,OK$Y*&%FE1DFYT_P"??I"^/F7^`G#. M4Y_6R.'%&*S3/L/DRR>EG=')\51HULOS+'2S+FE@,RJ5:%.6`CAI16&A'GQ- M.3K)Q5.I_;5GZ_D?\*6OXGO^" @QI8;_[3NI-1UJRB2TLYFB,UR(;>;^J-O''QSO7 M5=%_9-\16,3X\N7QU^T%X,T#:I)8- \3T M?&[Z.>:>#_%67\-4>* !WTD 89'PS##X:4WF3H_4ZL/;0C0C6 QM?3=]]M3]H7% *,=D#O9WL[;6=GHOK6C(Z9Y]*^3(O@#\8K\_ M\5!^UA\1X,Y)3P+X"^%/A&/(3:F)-6\+^-;L*2TCRH;PB1A;E!%Y+&9@_98T MB.4S^(OVA_VI-;W`(5O?CWKWA:# #(0PB1U`"#S/,DFE62X6.:/ M&IE7#6#C*KC^. 7 =@6> ;)LWXAJ]=;4'^=OK4D#CG\%8_J`16'K/B?PWX ( M-$T*W1))'GUG5M/TN%$B022N\M_ M1&@TW]GS]B#0K@7.G?"7X'S7RM&ZW0\*:-X@OC(D@EC9+F:VU.[>:-E5@4D: M2)$0?+&B!?E,;QUX#Y6U_:'BK2HU(MJIA\93X/RJ[23 -_"&A3:3X+\5Z9H=KJ7B M'P[JNEZ= '?#\N-,@U"_6:X>WM+LA'G:*VGD=XW_F3UO_`()4?M%>']4_ ML?4->^&\=Z5MS;QR7GC2TDO$N"([>2WMK_P7:W96:8-!&)+>-FF1U"X`)_L? MZ,OTP_H1>#W!G%F-\4?&#P]X7PF9 LJ]:/+3J.:Y'_!WTO/!/Z3'B!Q3P;4X$X5XDS^."R#,8XZ/! M^%S')Z.$J2Q]* ,EC .O&_CWX%? M%S4?'/C+Q9XTO[+XO)96=]XM\2:UXEO+.R_X0?PQ .XO%>GM MX)U[Q+-9VFG'POHFD-::@]W8>'L:A'>:? E^ ME]_X.-:_^6-?C_C_`)WPYQ'XP\ ',RS+"XC* TFG"4;.UC>HK!_X1O2_2^_\`!QK7 M_P`L:/\`A&]+]+[_`,'&M?\`RQK\>/V8WJ*H6.FVNG^:;83CS=F_SKR]N_N; MMNW[9 .?+V;N-V["XOT`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4F!Z#CIQ MTI:*`#`]****`"BBB@`HHHH`_#2__P"5DSPU_P!H1O&/_K=GA:OW+K\-+_\` MY63/#7_:$;QC_P"MV>%J_ %I('2:-951I(F65`R,&,N48N*E*,7.7+!-I. WB'XE_%CQSJ'RZ1X$^&OA"WD2^\2^)M2E91Y41BT_2K3SM5 MUR_TW2K:XNX^%_:H_:^\/?L\?\(SX!\*>%M5^-/[2WQ22]M_@M^SOX+NK=/% MWC2XM8YOM/B7Q!>RB2T\`?"OP^\,D_C#XE>(4BT71[6WN(+)=4U@P:;+Q'[- M7[(OB3P_X]NOVH_VK/%.D_&/]KKQ#I=SI-KK6FVLT?PS_9_\&WTMQ(WPK_9W MT&_A2Z\/Z"MO /2H_'Q>/KUJ\\MRI0GC( M*/UO&5(.I@\KC-*4?;)2C]8QLX-3HX"G.,^1QK8JIAJ,Z,JWZ%DG"^6X#+,/ MQ;QO+$8;(J_M)Y%D.%JQPV? (?A9^S*LX"VOBGQ%=J)=/^*G[1$UJL;:GX]N$?0/`US+ 2? 37EOC#XU_"WP)>#2?$/C+28]?9ECA\*:4T_B+QA $?#L&J>([@R'Y4V:;LSU90"1QI^(WQA\8?)\//A#-X;L)0WE^*OC3J M@\*Q#8>9K3P%X?&N>,KP,"&2VUQ_![O]UY8N2OSBXKX2R.MB ) 'JO+.'LNC4E4IY=E^`I2Q,\'0=6I.MB %-`@U3Q% Q\$>$?#_A>"8`73:+I=K97-\X;=YVHWT YO[ MJYG :P (? M&M.O2LW5R_FM!_,>US*O_"PU'!0?V\;/ZQ75O^H3"5%2 7' MXE_%OQ@/+^'/P>O=$L95=8_%?QGU+_A"K-2ASY]IX(TB/7?'5ZK)C9!J]KX2 M,C':T\0#,'#X.^,_%9\WXJ_&#Q5K-K(X>7PE\.4?X4^$#'*G[ZTN+G1;V^^( M&J09_=G[9XWBAF0'?9IO91]"``=`!DY..Y]?K0>`3Z4+@:EF'O [_*C]KC]@?1=9T$^.O@+X?BTKQ-H5D? M[;\#:>9G@\86-N&D?4-)^TRS3?\`"8PJ6>>.69_^$H0;9'&M"*6]O_L7?L/6 MO@NUL?BG\9]%M[SQG>VWG>&?!.JVT5S:>#[2ZB*_VCKUG.LD%SXLNH)&6.QF M22#PW!(T;J^LO*VGY/[1?_!6WX-?LW?&7QK\%?%'PS^*6O:[X(GT>"_U;P__ M`,(=_8]VVL^'M)\10-9G5/$EC?;8K75X8)O/M8C]HBEV!HMDC,_9X_X*X_!G M]HWXR^"?@MX8^&?Q2T+7?'-UJMII^K:__P`(=_9%F^DZ!JWB"9KW^S/$M]?; M)+;2)H(O(M9CY\L6\+'O=>JE^S.A1XNH_2*P_@]CJ&4T.&:?%-'"4?[%I 4I5XT8TXX2-:, +H9ZN&(\-JCC8TH\41S&.4QP\:"P"PZQL #W.=;"Y%A,HQ-23E4QO#LJ_#.85)223=3,.'ZV68Z=TK-2Q#3 M5[K5G]"/+ &BT_:)T5HEAU;X2^/K> M(?,NHZ3XL^&^IS*%SM:]TV^^(.E&8G*AETBVA)()1!P$_P"%H?$+2$=O%?P* M\9K&KA1>^`M>\(>/;$#(RWV:35/"WB5D"DL?+\.2N A&: MC_53'8;3*.,N* 2Q$?5'B2?M#_"F"6.V\0Z[J'@:[?: M'M_B)X8\4>`1$[9PIO/%6CZ9I ' M_%6E7$,EO=?V9J.FZ[87%M C)))SFAT^/\`"7:Q/"/$$6I1CAZN$SCA2:C9 M*+JXZGB^,85I/>?)EF'@]>6,5)*+7]J4FI1J8+$--.*Y,1@91M:S]K&ICDY7 MUO&C!7V2Z?`7B3]G#XS?L3Z[K7Q2_8/TF+QI\%]4O[WQ'\4_V#-4U=-+T*2Y MO+AKS6O&7[)NNZCOLOA;XYN)9;N^O_A1?20_"[QK ;[1_9Q M_:>^$/[4W@F?QI\*=>NKA]'U&30/&_@OQ'IUQX:^(WPQ\7VH(U'P3\3/!&I; M-:\'>*M-E22.?3]1A$-VB"^TF[U'398+R33/P2CTY]_@_P")WQ=\(+&H%O:1 M>-IO&6E0XZ1C2_B59>-(!!V,,3PJ!Q&8P37YD_MP?`OX@_!*]@_;E\`^-=3T M[XI_#.V+?$OX@?#;P+I/AKQ)XU^$&BV%YJ6J>'_C5H5IJ][X+^+'A:S^QV\> MF7.H^!XO$/@JY>'5=%US1["WN2GQ^ 1.NZN60ABJ\_T;$ 5YFN*,-AI+*^-\DHPS?&YO5I4U'"Y3Q=EU.I0S#/IXB:AA\'Q+A ,;H3*VDVVJ7!CCM@D5Q/!;.=5OXK325^V/](0S17$4 #M5T37;^W\.:I>>')=5\/?!?XO?'2Z\-7MII M$>JV&D:'X ?:=/6^N-%-F++\9X'\?_$2? M%>-H>(/!F"I\- /OHN_2`\* M3KYKDN-S7*L%C(2AB,9#"5\+B9 M?T\D@ +_%OQ:MTW8!2#P^E]#'F0Q&0*KC?!C]JSQLEC+J7P MY^`7AJ/`$\WQG_:!_:%_:=U,LI_UMWX+TC1OA%X$5F7[D%CKCP1D'$AW8']" M?ZW\38U+^R>!,;3:BI6XCS.EED*GOJ-L/B>'\%Q?@YZ7DI5L1AXM6O)72?YC M_JGQ%'7%PX ,&U76= U7*LHQV=9RI6UY/[.Y[Z "]!N(PQ-IJOB?1K.] RON&WRXK=Y"WRA2>*X MW_AH+P5?P^9X3TCXB>/"6VHW@_X;>,]0T^4DX7R]?U#2=)\-;6ZB5M96''S& M0#FOGGP]^RE\;[*Y>2Y_: #83Y\$GAO[&D)*>4D)*%I>)N82M"?#N2JIS MQ>&>6U\QQ%)>[R2PV;0SYTZE2U_]XX9Y$W[U*4=&GD>4X9.IF7'V42HV7-3X M9X;S[-L73NTI7J $/"WPTTZ=/, MCU3X[?&SX8?"^T$15F$SV]CJGC745VJK22136T#K&C$X8$#YUG_;E\.:_=76 ME>'?CM\+=?O?G6/3_P!G+X/_`!K_`&K]6+KP$M]8\!6!\/B7/\=UI)MXR5,F M0RY]9T7X2_\`!/3X/RI Z\1^(9+C M7[AY)HT\J>YU&1WE1=CEE&/3;G]K/]E;1E2U7X^?!_;;[H5M='\=>'=3%LD2 MC WBV\,?"&0QI"KD1[_`##MKW,-X3^)&=)2Q&8\ .W1B( MY]:3X'_LG^$WS@*[KX@\1>%?B?;V[#!*_P!BW]W$C8,+7`*#\8O^"V?P+^.V MI?LU^%OBYJ_P%\'_``TT#P;\1]+N/'FI:=^T-XR^.7Q0U73-7T;4=$T;4?&7 M]O>#=!TB'PWX>UJ[L(9+C3/$GB:YTK4-6M6@M[;16U+4%_HQ7]M+]G&0@:=X MPU[7)&"^6GACX6?%KQ*99)#M@@C?0O`E]&;BX.!;PM(LDJLCH#&RL?QD_P"" MS?QP\%?%OX4?"'3/"^D^/HX],^)&KWDFH>,/AEXT\$Z1>P3>#=1LYK?3[GQG MHFC/?W$ 'G$+S+A_-.(L1B*67\ M1\5Y-+/LQRC,,#E^)S'"8K!/B:I'/*DXU*%*G.GA,]H5OJ]6353E33\ZO]*G MPX^C[2H^-7#/`_`G'6.\.\;E^=87+) $S'_5FO#"8J-.HL,Y1BE_&AI^DZKK]_9:#H.G7>KZ[KEW;:-H>DV$9 MFOM5UG59DL-+TVRA!'FW5]?W%O;0(2%,LJ[V5-S#_3Q_95^%L/P "8/&EQILL5XFL^.5\,:5'XNURXU2.2=M6N-2UR.\E.H/ 06D=O&G\`]CX9\-:9 ( M[C3(/!>BPV-U-=^*O$?P=\&Z=>SVR12W$5M%XFTVUF9X[>]U&!([F?[_`,0? MH69?]$C*\BXN\1?$_@['YYQ1F>:\/Y1[#(LXG5P.78>C@L9B%E$,%A E*'J -XC53.:\H2JX3!O! M4J @SR?H*Q];\1:!X9L)=5\1ZUI.@:9!DS:CK>I66D6,0`R3)> M:C/;6Z``$DM*`!S7R&/@=\7/$[1-XZ^,/QPUY",3Z=:?$'PA\%-"96'*):?! M'P='XM6+AP4N/'EW.R,JM +,5%R;P_#W MAGFG#N"J ]#==5>?M?\`[/*WLNE^'OB! M%\1]6B!!TGX0:!XI^,%^91P(6C^&FB>*(('+?+F[N+>-6XDD3!(I_P#"^?BE MXB1#\//V6_BO?1.^U=6^)NK^!?A!HVTG"R266K:_X@\?11X&7#>`A.H_Y8EO MEKV.T\#7 N:WJROG/WH+W4)K7@G@"`!>P!YH7&V8R]_A[P M02M&'/#Q6\4:6%YGM-X?"^&.1YHJ 5_=S3Q"I86.K M@^"^#Z-&LG[K4:V(XPS#-Z56*LTY4LNP[FG=*&R^>;_6/VH=4:9-;\ !R6R>_:MNC_6KQEJM2R['>%'`] M&[5/"9/X?XGB7,\)%Q4>;" Z)^SI\"--N6U33?V: MXO%.LA_-C\1_%&*Q\9:ZDF05F&O_`!4\0^*O$T @^&IM\NF MV6GZ4\ M( #OB%E.7 'N4QX>P.>X3/)X/(L3F7#^)KXC#4,7@W[3$Y/C 1Z M)%X5\03ZG=6FM^%]?\-6LZ?:[ZTLE$O]J)?())!_H@5US*ZJ/W *V&+C MQY?*O`(T_P`/^'[7*_QX-W::FRMCB-L_(/OK*>:["WMX;6""UMHD@M[:&.WM MX8U"QPPPHL 8 #F4YMPYX;Y)3R7A_-,^QF?O`YA-\05Z6+Q6&P6!] MW'YVL?C%&."RW!4O9QKQI 6.ZT6P0XX7 M']G:%:NF.IVN-Y^_N'`5?`^GM_Q\ZSXPO#CGSO&'B&)2Q^\VRRO[2,$]-JHL M:CA$6NSHKX#_`(AAP-.7/C,BAG$G\3XAQV9\2.75\_\`;V-S'GU][WKVDY25 MG)M_HKSC,4K4\2Z"6WU6G1PEO3ZM3I6VMITTV2MQ)^'?A!R#/I PG @)8D+A1A0!7645='PO\-,-4]KA_#S@:A5_Y^4>$\AIU-^;XX8!2W5]]]=Q2 MSC-YKEEFF8RCVECL2U]SJM&5;Z#HEIQ:Z/I5L/EXM].LX0`GW`/*A3A/X?[O M;%:@55&%`4>B@`?IBEHKZS!99EN6T_99=E^"P%*UO98/"T I.4WLEO)M[)? 9Q+PIPYQCEM/)^*,FP.>9 M72S7) IAJTJ.(P[J4I +7TZ_B\)>!-#\0^(YK*ZBTUH7^6]>_;>^)'PW_8;\;?M@?$/X(Z'J_\` MPA7P>^'?QATO3/`'Q0L[CPC\4/#/B_P?X6\2:KJ'A7Q%J_AXZAX>.BW6M:G8 MMI6L:5JYNX]/L;G2M;U>VU>"ZA^Z?B-9>-K_`,+W%MX!7P; FZJNFZS;:=J MU M83_CQX2_X)E?%+PM_P`$Y_VD/V3/".M^`/!6N_M`>"?#FG>%?A@/$/BN[^!_ MP*\1/\//`_AWX@2^%K^+P_?ZG;V/COQKH'B'XD>(M!\&^$_#O@J+Q1X@NV\. MZ!8W-_KOB'6P#]&?BO\`M)W/@3QGXS\$>%?`TGC?5_A9\$I?V@?B;$^NIH#Z M9X#NM5\7:-X7TKPR'TK5(]>\;^,[KX>?$&30=,U"70-!@C\*2KK?B/3#J^FN M?.9/V[/!-UIOB3XC^']$76/@-X&\7?!#P+XS^)KZ['87]KK?QYT'X3>*?#>I MZ%X2;2[@ZIX6\,>'?CG\+-2\::E?ZYHU_9QZ]K M/O%/CKXC_$'P#K?A'0=:^.G[.&G?LZ?$A?$,>I7H\-6?AW6_B'K7@KQSX5FL M-+_XJ:_\*M\8/B/9WGA76XO#]CXG6X\-W`\0>'DTJ_L]4\C7]@"VT;PCXT^` MOA?4O#5M^SM\2_'_`.SS\0/%%OJ%O?GQYI'_``HCPK\#O!U[X/TJWM+/_A'= M9TSXBZ/^SI\/EOO$-_=Z3J'A>XUOQI/;:7KK7&A#3`#ZP^(_QIOO#7Q*\#?! MOP1X8L?&'Q)\;>$/'OQ'33M7\3#PGH6D>`_AOJ?@OP_KVIZCJ\6C>(KW^T=3 M\5?$/P?X;\.Z=;:/*EU-?:KJM[=VFG:!="Y^;X/^"A/@KQ'X#\3?%CP#X0OO M$OPW^%WP`\"_M(?&74;[6[71O$7@[P1XVT[QAKLWA[1=!CL=4L_$OCSP?X8\ M!>*_$?BO1Y] R^._@_X\U+XO>`?V@_!4'@&T^( M_@[P)\7_`(/7VA>)M0U^?PYK?P^^(GBWP5XOT;6%U_2=$35[#Q#H6O?##PIK M %Q)% M/;SQK+!-$ZY#Q2Q.DD;#[R,IXSBLOQ!XF\.^%+%=3\3Z]HOAW3GN([1;_7=5 MT_1[)KJ99'BMEN]2N;6W,\J0RO'")#(ZQ2,JD(Q&AIUA::5866F6$*6UCI]K M;V-G;Q#$=O:6D*6]M`@))V0P1QQ+_LH*S_$'AGP[XKL5TSQ/H.B^(M.2XCNU ML-=TK3]8LENH5D2*Y6TU*VNK 2PEV;/FK]X/[6TS_H(6/_`(&6W_QVOP?LO!OA'PU_P '],\.^%O M#>@Z=/\`\$4/&-]/8Z-H.D:59S7O_# &_%"P^%SX;U:YBN-7BUK3-7M M+"-]2@MY[."+[+J5^(7,;BP2X Z# Y'XE MX@8'Q-Q'%WA+5Q%#PYJ5X #CP>\6LS>9YDJKXL_UD_?\`]O?V5%_V MA_;W_&.?ZKIK!_\`":\Y/[)^C+B/H90\-/%*/CO5R./&\ M&'P]@7DS\%?8_P#"I''/`_7'C7X56XU_UK6.^LOG7#A_3]^Q[\ MM IQQZCJ5Q-?GZ^'Q^_9_\`&`9_B1^U!\0? MB9"5)N/"7PH^'WQ4\(^!R)\E=-EM/AOX4U+Q;JKRN"D=AK_CB]-TFPM9;)`# M]._L>_!#1/@5^S7\%_A[#X0M_"NN:-\-?`\/C*PG6SO-5/C*+PQI RV,-NH^FC:VYSF&$Y&#F*+D>A^3I7Z#@N! M,JJT*E+Q'H8_B//WC 'N+L-@?#18FOC:]:MA '?MEVB,LT]WJM\?, M!!^U33'8>MC_`&K]0O%SHW[+W[4.J!Y/+AEN/!G@+PQ!*0P$KNWB[XFZ%-:+ M&=ZAKVWM_/=08/,CD21OJYM,TY_OV-F_^]:6S?SB-,_L?2NO]FV&?7[%:_\` MQFOL,,LNRC"4L!D'#W#>#P.'INEA +AO1R;.K0A5XEJX6E! 6T:(Q,MVCJL :2Y!($EH1\T@;]N'4A*ES\1OV3O#D958\ MZ;X'\?ZY M *M6_;"^"^G M>"/&$/@/Q3=:EXJ32?%DVG:/K$>CR)X"\5RW,C:;KEGJ.E7'VFRCN;%?M=E. M(FNEGA5;B.%U_LD\4_LR_LY^.-8U'Q%XR^!'PA\4>(-7$0U37M>^'7A/5-:U M#R+2*Q@:[U2[TF6^F>"S@@MH)'G+PPPQ1Q,BQH%3PM^S'^SEX(UC3?$/@[X# M_"#PQX@T?S/[*U[0_AUX2TW6M/:6TEL9GM-5M=)COH99K.>>VFE2 !LO"2IPKQ%_:E3PBEX=U.*Z6,X=P\O[8GPA_JU+/*>58? M*:65T:7UEO,HX:C@:>#I.V&IY9'#I45_G]_Q([Q"O&G_`(B **XZ M632IY_/,_P"S%Q6N(%ESSF>-ECI9A]5_V5YA+%RQ3Q%\4\8ZW[Q^`K\-?VPH M65X/VQO"UP 3Y]2@H0X\XC 6T MPSF.9",U]M?V3IG_`$#['_P#MO\`XU1_9.F?]`^Q_P#`.V_^-5K#+>(82C- .,XOE5XR3C)7333: >V>FG'/B"G M\FN*TULK---65FFD?&__``C/[:'_`$ SXE M_P"BUS'_`,0[PD\O^K;^7]65E_JOD7_/K/O_`!//$3_Z+?)? ;#Q3\6_P!F?5O#MQ\%/BC:>(K7 M1/A;X[TW7=3T27P+KD.KVVDW U&RL-6O;!KB*QN)=.O;6UO)8I)+.YA0P M/^D7]DZ9_P!`^Q_\`[;_`.-5C>(_!/A3Q;X>UWPKXBT'3M3\/^)M&U3P_KFF MRVZPQZAH^LV,^FZG8R2VOD7,27=E 2XC/LNS=87$?V7CUQWX@WP68^QE]1Q:E+B?$ 94VB >);2V^'G@[Q= _L&\8_9 MT\+C;P`-?\=],8Y_XJSG\>_/6OH?X-_LU_`W]G[2-8T'X/\`PZT7P5I.OZG' MK.KV=I+J>I+>ZE#9Q6$5T\NNW^JSQLEG#'"$@EBAP"QC,C,[?H^: ,L]GAZ&2RX[Q'"F:\.\*994S/#8S,\+DE+#U,3F$:U;!T7E M^'QV;3SK,J-#FA3Q]&6(Q5>M]'Q+](#Z XDJ> M%."XTX5XRX^SK!97B,)DV/XHQ\\11R]4 7X?"^22?`GXIZB@76OVX?C&_#,4\/:!\!O"L:RRY\[:=/\`AO-<>0`=MM"U MR[6X^83/(`]5T_96TVX(&N_M3?M0ZY&42.2$?';4/#\4B*=Q1E\)Q:"2KL6+ M.6-TRD1M=&)0E?8O]DZ9_P!`^Q_\`[;_`.-4?V3IG_0/L?\`P#MO_C5?EU6G MBIR *OV@_B=K2SSJGE1W$D=UXP,0GAB_=02)&K0QY1"%+`VK']A_]CNS( M>;X6>#-6E_=[Y=?NAKTLIB;>KR2ZM>7;^8[X>XDC,;WC@/>- -S;BG-E-^_#/.,>+,^ MIRU3M*GG.=8Z$HO5.+BTU.I%JU2HI:PX7X5I252CPIPKAZD7=5,-PUD>&G>U MK\V'P%-W[N]V[-NZ5OGS2?V:/V7M"97TCX5_#33I%D>59+33-)MW$DD8AD;, M+)GS(AY4@Z/%F-\H2#Z'8?#_`.$^F1+!8>'_``K:Q(GEI'";142('=Y"+YY" M0;LMY"@0[F9MFYF)]`_LG3/^@?8_^`=M_P#&J/[)TS_H'V/_`(!VW_QJO"QG MAYP!F,_:YAP/PACZKWJXWAO)L55D_>; $[#XCZ%\*F\'^*KOQ))J5IX4TSQ$^JI X!*>6(5)$B_?\`_9.F?]`^Q_\``.V_^-4? MV3IG_0/L?_`.V_\`C5?8\!4\%X7\393QCP!D_#W"_$N15JN(RK-,NX $N+J6(SCA M[.Z-/#YIE]3,,PPRQ5&E7HXF$'B,%BL-BZ7+7P]&?-0KTY/D47)Q;B_YQXO^ M"$-N\MZD_P"U?I,-NCI'931?#"WFFN(7MHVFDN(3\1HEMGCN'EACB2:?S(XU MG:2,R>4G[_?"_0=,^&_PT^'?P\_X2&QUC_A`O`OA+P7_`&ONM;'^U/\`A%]` MT_0_[1^Q?;+K[']N^P?:?LOVFX^S^;Y/GS;/,;NO[)TS_H'V/_@';?\`QJC^ MR=,_Z!]C_P"`=M_\:K]1X_\`&KQ1\4\#EV7^(?%M;BC#Y1CL?C\M5?)N&\KG MA:N83?/34L@R7*/;4:%!4L)AXXA5IJA0ISK5*V*E6Q-7X#PY\#?"WPEQF9X[ MP]X6CP]B 95(YSQ!FBQ-#"2=2E%PSK-LRA2E[64ZLI4(TG*4W'2FHP MB?VMIG_00L?_``,MO_CM']K:9_T$+'_P,MO_`([1_9.F?]`^Q_\``.V_^-4? MV3IG_0/L?_`.V_\`C5?EQ^LA_:VF?]!"Q_\``RV_^.T?VMIG_00L?_`RV_\` MCM']DZ9_T#['_P``[;_XU1_9.F?]`^Q_\`[;_P"-4`']K:9_T$+'_P`#+;_X M[1_:VF?]!"Q_\#+;_P".T?V3IG_0/L?_``#MO_C5']DZ9_T#['_P#MO_`(U0 M`?VMIG_00L?_``,MO_CM']K:9_T$+'_P,MO_`([1_9.F?]`^Q_\``.V_^-4? MV3IG_0/L?_`.V_\`C5`!_:VF?]!"Q_\``RV_^.T?VMIG_00L?_`RV_\`CM'] MDZ9_T#['_P``[;_XU1_9.F?]`^Q_\`[;_P"-4`']K:9_T$+'_P`#+;_X[1_: MVF?]!"Q_\#+;_P".T?V3IG_0/L?_``#MO_C5']DZ9_T#['_P#MO_`(U0`?VM MIG_00L?_``,MO_CM']K:9_T$+'_P,MO_`([1_9.F?]`^Q_\``.V_^-4?V3IG M_0/L?_`.V_\`C5`!_:VF?]!"Q_\``RV_^.T?VMIG_00L?_`RV_\`CM']DZ9_ MT#['_P``[;_XU1_9.F?]`^Q_\`[;_P"-4`']K:9_T$+'_P`#+;_X[1_:VF?] M!"Q_\#+;_P".T?V3IG_0/L?_``#MO_C5']DZ9_T#['_P#MO_`(U0`?VMIG_0 M0L?_``,MO_CM']K:9_T$+'_P,MO_`([1_9.F?]`^Q_\``.V_^-4?V3IG_0/L M?_`.V_\`C5`!_:VF?]!"Q_\``RV_^.T?VMIG_00L?_`RV_\`CM']DZ9_T#[' M_P``[;_XU1_9.F?]`^Q_\`[;_P"-4`6(+NUNM_V:X@GV8W^3-%-LW9V[O+=M MN[!QNQG!QG!JQ5>"TM;7?]FMX(-^-_DPQ0[]N=N[RT7=MR ,?_6[/"U?N77X:7__`"LF>&O^T(WC'_UNSPM7[ET`%%%%`!@'J,U7CM+6 M&:XGBMH(Y[MXY+J:.&-);AX8E@B>>15#S-%`B0QM*SM'$JQ(5C4*+%%)QBW% MM)N$G*#:3 E?`KX&_$WQ)9:+KW[3'BKP?:>,OAKHWCZ?7K;3=)^%G MQ2U;4-9T/1_A'H'BK1+V;6-!\9Z]?:5:^,=?TX^!](\7>$] /O%OBOX MY\/PZ?\`%=O#'A:WN],'BGP-XA^'GA#XD^$= "[Y[/S)^`TC]@'X6^&_"T?PM\-^(/%=A\% M=7\/_`G0/B!\-[^XM] `KG4/%=^HUNSGU[P;\._`OA'XG M,BW1\;>'?"FFVD#^'KNYUF_U4`]2^+'Q6\76OQK^#/[/G@&ZT70O$?Q0\&_& M/XG:MXOUS29O$,.@^"_@O??##P_?V>F:!'J.CPWVM>(?%OQ?\&P)->:G';6/ MAVP\2R1Q/JDVF3VOPWX:_P""B?C;XC?";XZ_&;PIHGA31]._9*^`%K\6?B_X M1O['5]3;QOXTT23XS7'Q&\#^%_$'VZQG\-Z%IF@?!J^G\(>(YM(UN\U76?%V MD-JUG#IWAW4;+7OT$\=?!34?&/B'P'\0K3QQ/X9^*?PVE^(^F^&/%VE^'K&Y MT^3P/\3;K3SK_@O7/"^IW]S:ZK9/;>&_`NH_VA'J%A=2>+_`^B>(/*CTV?5? M#%]X>?V!OAIIGA?5OA[X0\2^*O#7P\\??"+PY\$/C/X?4:7J=_\`%3P1X;O? M&%XUUJ7B*XM8=0T+Q?XLB^(7CK1O'7B?2(S-K^A^)9;>TL]&U'2-`U;2@#[> MTG4[76M+T[5[%VDLM4L;/4;-W1HW>TOK:*[MG>-P&C=X)HV>-@"C$J>17-^. M_'_AOX;Z+'X@\4OK,>FRW]OIJMH7A3Q9XPO?M5S% _P"9 M_P`:`/Q7_P"'T=K_`-(KO^"TO_BO[7__`)OZ/^'T=K_TBN_X+2_^*_M?_P#F M_K]J,#W_`#/^-&![_F?\:`/Q7_X?1VO_`$BN_P""TO\`XK^U_P#^;^L'3/\` M@N;X/UK6/$OA_1_^"9W_``6.U37O!MWING^+=&L/V#=9N=2\-7VL:1::_I-G MK=I'\06ETZYU+0[^QU>SBN51Y]/O+:Y0&.9"?W&P/?\`,_XU\\?"OX/:[X#^ M,O[3'Q(U+5-)O-)^-GB_X9^(O#UA8B^&HZ3:^"?@[X1^'.H0:TUQ#';- J M^'KJ_LOL$L\8T^>W%PT=UYD2@'YO?\/H[7_I%=_P6E_\5_:__P#-_1_P^CM? M^D5W_!:7_P`5_:__`/-_7[48'O\`F?\`&C`]_P`S_C0!^*__``^CM?\`I%=_ MP6E_\5_:_P#_`#?T?\/H[7_I%=_P6E_\5_:__P#-_7[48'O^9_QHP/?\S_C0 M!^*__#Z.U_Z17?\`!:7_`,5_:_\`_-_1_P`/H[7_`*17?\%I?_%?VO\`_P`W M]?M1@>_YG_&C`]_S/^-`'XK_`/#Z.U_Z17?\%I?_`!7]K_\`\W]'_#Z.U_Z1 M7?\`!:7_`,5_:_\`_-_7[48'O^9_QHP/?\S_`(T`?B3JG_!;?0]#TS4=:UK_ M`()>_P#!9G2='T>PO-4U75-0_8&URUL--TW3K:6\O[^]N9?B`L=O:6=I#- Z=J-A=1?$!HKFSOK.>&ZMIXF9)8)4=20U?KM\6O!]]\0/A;\2/` MNEW5K9:EXS\!>,_">GWE_P">;&TO?$GAG5-$M+F\%NDMP;6WN+^.:X$$ _YG_&@#\5_^'T=K_P!(KO\`@M+_`.*_M?\` M_F_H_P"'T=K_`-(KO^"TO_BO[7__`)OZ_:C`]_S/^-&![_F?\:`/PZU3_@N9 MX0T35O#6@ZS_`,$S?^"QVE:WXSO]0TOPCI%_^P9K-MJ/B;4M)T74/$>IV&AV MLGQ!$NHW>G^'])U36KN"W5Y(=,T^\NV'E02$;O\`P^CM?^D5W_!:7_Q7]K__ M`,W]?I)\5OA!KGCWXO?LQ_$+3-4TFRTOX(^/OB'XL\16-^+XZAJ]EXP^"/Q! M^&-C;:*UO#);+=6NK^+['4;LW\MO"=-M;L0.]V88G^A,#W_,_P"-`'XK_P## MZ.U_Z17?\%I?_%?VO_\`S?T?\/H[7_I%=_P6E_\`%?VO_P#S?U^U&![_`)G_ M`!HP/?\`,_XT`?BO_P`/H[7_`*17?\%I?_%?VO\`_P`W]'_#Z.U_Z17?\%I? M_%?VO_\`S?U^U&![_F?\:,#W_,_XT`?BO_P^CM?^D5W_``6E_P#%?VO_`/S? MT?\`#Z.U_P"D5W_!:7_Q7]K_`/\`-_7[48'O^9_QHP/?\S_C0!^*_P#P^CM? M^D5W_!:7_P`5_:__`/-_1_P^CM?^D5W_``6E_P#%?VO_`/S?U^U&![_F?\:, M#W_,_P"-`'X=:7_P7+\(:WJOB70M&_X)F_\`!8[5=:\&:A8:3XNTFP_8,UFY MU#PSJFJ:)IOB73=.URUC^()ETZ]O_#VL:3KEK;W"I)-I>IV-XJ^5 J:5>Z7\;_B+X`\8 M^';*P%Z-0TBP\)?`SX:_"V]M=::XACMVN[G6?!>H:C:FPDN(!IEW9B:1+L3Q M1_06![_F?\:`/Q7_`.'T=K_TBN_X+2_^*_M?_P#F_H_X?1VO_2*[_@M+_P"* M_M?_`/F_K]J,#W_,_P"-&![_`)G_`!H`_%?_`(?1VO\`TBN_X+2_^*_M?_\` MF_H_X?1VO_2*[_@M+_XK^U__`.;^OVHP/?\`,_XT8'O^9_QH`_%?_A]':_\` M2*[_`(+2_P#BO[7_`/YOZ/\`A]':_P#2*[_@M+_XK^U__P";^OVHP/?\S_C1 M@>_YG_&@#\5_^'T=K_TBN_X+2_\`BO[7_P#YOZSM8_X+=^'_``[I&J^(-?\` M^"8'_!9?1="T+3;_`%G6M8U/]@?6[/3M*TG2[66^U+4K^[F^("Q6ME8V4$]U M=7$K+'#!%)(Q`6OVYP/?\S_C7F/QK\#:A\3/@[\5OASI%Y9Z?JOCWX:^/?!6 MF7^I?:6TZRU#Q7X3UCP_97=^+5);DV=M ?\%FM4TG5K&TU/2]3L/V!= .[L;ZSN(_B M`8Y[6[M9HKBWFC8I)%(CJ >'?#FF:-=7%H+A(IQ:SW%C)+; MB:-)O)=/-19-RCO UT2SD^ M(*S:C/IFBV=WJU[';J[06%M/ _YG_&OG;XI?!W7?'?QI_9H^)> MFZKI-GI'P4\3_%#7/$.GWPOCJ6K6_CGX2>(_A]IT.BM;PR6JSV>J:S;WU[]N ME@C-A%,+=I+G9&P!^ _YG_&C`]_S/^-`'Q7^R#^V ME%^UV?'PC_95_;4_9H_X0(>&2Q_:\_9^U#X&#QC_`,)*==`'@$WWB#7/^$F. M@_V&3XF$7V;^R!J^A[_._M%?+^U:,8__`%D_SHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`**** M`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BOB/\`;@^+?Q(^#^A?LW:K\./$ M ,M`1M6AG.C3WVE:BSV^MZ M8J:K830I]DFA,KR+E_M1:;^U-I.O>#O'GP-^.PTR^'Q"^$7AS0_V=[OX F\?^+M4T34/BAI.HZ?\`#V?Q=XDT;Q%X"\5^$=(\&0>& M;"]U7P]XSDDOM-U8`^\**^&?C;JWQ-\1^"?CIXU\$?&'XO\`PJT3P#J,VCZ- M>?`WX/\`A7XW?$O64^'6A:C+XH7P1\/O%_@KXA6&OZSJ_CW6[SPSJ6G6G@_6 M-4U2V\!VVF://H,MS=ZG7SOJ?[5GQ7N_V X\.WZ64Z7D,0!^MU%?`/[2OQY\<>#?&7A'P_X'U.\TL>)_BC\!OV> M5UB#2[74]/T/Q7\ (?%?B:ZM-0M[FQGUSP+\)_"D7_"(QZA! G3ZU8:G9VYTZY\>N_VE?BY;?''4?@#XD\1>+M%^&O@?]H#Q;\)O%?[1?A[P M9I5YKUO)JG[-?P(^/OP3\.>*YW\)^(/!7AA_%%Y\8/&GA&^\=3>$[/1-4U;X M7^%?#A_LGQ'\1X;>]`/U?HKY>_8U^+OB?XX_L\>#/B)XPDL;W7;K6?B5X6GU M[3--ET;3O&EC\./BKXX^&NB_$73](D>0:58?$K0_"&G>/K/38))+6Q@\1I;6 M4CV45N[?4-`!1110`45\3^`OBC\4-;_;>_:Z^#-UXGL;WP+\/_V=OV0_B+\- M="O/#NF01>&/%_Q8\1_M6^'_`!I/?ZMIHMM>\1Z;J_\`PJ/P7="TU"_4Z6+? M4(-)-J+V65N!\':Y^TM\&?BC\;H_'WQHN/VC/@]X M%?E]\5?'7Q>^!/[1?[%N@>(?VH/%,'AWXQ>/;;X4^)? M`7BOX%Z7JWP5\87=O\(O%5]-IZ?''0_!1\3>!_CUXP\?Z/;ZU\.;3Q-\1M)\ M%^)]*LM7\&V'@*XU-M/O+KU#X3?''QWJ7[8O[ , M_!%@^AZ1I9\(1?$CP=\7=4^(+W6MV -%?G/XO^+GQD\*?$K_`()RZ $]0T'2+^>Y M\)7W[*_[1?Q[\#^%+75KZU.J>&Y?`.M^!?!>G-+HS03ZK#IM_9ZE/-#=3++R M>K_M3?$V.'XK_&2SU&ZA\'_"S]NWX9?LCV_PJ_X1[3;BTU_P;XG^*OP9^`WB MKQ?=:A_9R^*6\9'QC\5=3\<>'+NQUB'P[%X:\-Z'H4VB7)U+6]8N@#]1**0' M(&>O0\8&1P E+0`445%-O\M@C^6[;45PJL4+L$#A6!5BN[ "0`> M,B@"6BOS5_9'\=?'W]J']AGP)XNU[XY3^!/B=KWC+XP:1XI^+_AWX?\`P];7 M[?PY\//CW\5?!-C)X9\,>(-&U?X:Z+K :I W\2?$+7OBS\5;G3/BA8^%-.\+ZKXY M_9W^&7C/7[[X>_$3Q7X.T:+3_#^BZ[\0=`/POTKQ9I_ARVT31]5MO&-SJFC: M9X2&JQZ+HP!]]T5^ &/@IXI\/:) M\4?@1HWP?^('A:3X@7'Q,T_Q!XC\$ZGX9\$>!?!'Q;_9^U:^\-Z1I'@+Q+I] MIXGU[0?''AGXD>%_%?BW5X(M`FER_P!D7X]_%KXV_L`_LV_$#QIXK_M/XV?' M;2]'\,WOB[2="TK096U?5O%GB*S\0^)]-T32;>+1M+N/#O@/P]K_`(EMK6WM MC:17&BQ@J^]F _92UOX: MZ*-!TC3[KPS)\4_!?Q)U#QE;W&L64*ZGX@74-2\*Z7>PRZQ/,^G_`+VTLEBM MRQEUOV&?BC\1/BO\+?B7JWQ-\21^*_$'A#]K3]L[X1Z?K$6AZ/X>\SP;\&?V MH?BE\,/`=G-INAV]M8?:M-\'^%]&L+R^$9N=4NK>;4KV1[NZE:@#[.HHHH`* M**^'_P!MSXO?$CX/VW[+5Y\.O$ `M2\`_$/P5?^,-%3XT7_C?QCJ&B7_Q2 MTG7=&^'5QXQ\6Z#XD\%>+?"V@>%6\,Z+#JOA;QA->7MGK2?';6OB?KGP\^.O MC_P5\9/C'\*-%\!:IJ&F:%>?`SX+^%/CI\2M9@^&>A7\'B)/!OPY\5^"_B!; M>(=3U;XC:GK6AZMIMAX4U#5]:L/!&F:=I&H>'3+>:BX!]X45^2WPP_: "K3PK\8?!U_>:'_P3G^$?[6&K?%GX;^$5C\!?%WXG_%G_A.=&T2XTW0/ M&^FWNL:%\+M/U'X1^*M8UCP6)-%\ 1K M$_P]T(^#([6SU"-+:Z3Q9J4-_`Q F_&Z_\`AQX0NOBK8^&[2?3M#M_'DVB6C^)%T_2[BZOI=)A;4C-(^CG4=232 M+AYM,BU/48;2.]G`/::***`"BBOA_P"''Q4^*OB']M;]L_X,W?BK3[SP3\-O M@A^R+XY^%NC7OAK388?"OBCXMS?M-:9XQDU'4],-GKOB;3=4N?A;X1OOLVHZ M@DFG)#?6FE26:W "M `?A[X$\4^&OVB=9U[Q#8K\)/#$GPN\/^&=*U_P9XCT>Y\&:A;Z9 MXFL=9\:^"[W5]#M[WQOXG@\5"/1N;^)WCGXM_`O]IW]C/POXA_:B\5IX6^,W MC&;X6Z]X`\8?`K2;_P"#/B^YTSX,^+=22PL/CKH7@G_A(_!O[0OBSQWX?A\3 M^"],\6_$:P\'>+O#>G^*O#&E>`FU6+2+J %OAE\>?C-X"UO2]2M-,M/$`O] M$\*?`M]!^($OB:_U:VUO6/%=[JNFV_A^'2M*TD=OXN^+OQI\(_%W_@G#X=;Q M5)I^E?M(_%CX[67Q@\)ZAH&D7T]QHK_LR?&[X[^"_#%IK%[;'5?#Q^'NO>%? M#&CJVD/;RZM::; )[ M+P)\?M>^)'AQ?@SXG^`>F#X.:K#X:^$GBSQ3H/ASP%\?="\'C6]`_:&DUOPX MGBZW\+^/?B1>Z!XZ^&NA_$T:#X.TO6-#\/F7]&AT]? ]FM[2>^OM4\'>([#3='M;ZTL-.@OKR'6]-`/TNHKX.^"7B7]H MGQ#\+O@5X.^*7C"UE^+FK77Q7\3>(?'VG>$K#PI)XI^%'@'Q-XET3X2>./$O MP_MKTV7AOQ)\2=(UWX,^*?'7@C2KW3],MM1O/&GA_2O[&L81:Z?\F:!^U%\7 M_A_J_P"U1\)[K]H#Q+\8O&/A#]HK]C#X)>#+GXM_L^V7PQ^*/PIB_:O\>Z!\ M--3^(%[I_AOP+\.OAY\5O@R+J^U[7?@AXSTC09K?4?%/@_QOX(\7Z[KUMH=M M ^"'A'PI\2I;/2-. MUN]\"?$KX7V/Q@\5)J\^EZ3IV@3>*/"N@^%OB)IMKJNF:18(]KJG@K[=92:N M+N_U*;X1_M&>([7XX_\`!1C3/C'X\TFW^%/[-GQ)^$,'@V[U'3-#T"V\%>#? M%_[,7PQ^*'B#3]1U:TBMI]>=_%OB?5I[*_U>>;49!>6>CVWRQ6T;@'Z!45^ $?&?[ M-_PS\=ZYHVI:SX "XOM/6VU?X+>(?&]HGBN6'/BG4 M-/\`'5GK5ZK11V&IZ9'IVCKIWV%10!X[-\(!!H/@[P]X9^(GQ#\$VOA34-4U M*^G\-7?A-[KQK-K:ZG/JT?BY_$W@_P`2QSK?:QJUUXB>[T*+0=5M];$=S:ZC M#`)+67SCQE^Q]\)O%?A3]GGP/IS^(_`?A3]F3XG>!OBO\--%\$7>D6EM_P`) M'\/-.US3?#UIXA?7M#\07&K:,\/B/6)M8ACFLM2U>^NVO[O53=#S&^J:*`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`D7Q+_:"^*`\2^.GU M?]I7PM\+O!GQ$T=]0\/CP]!X;^$UOXBT_0-.\-6\/AJ'5-,75=(\6^(])\2R MWFKZI+J=IJC&!K&:ULY8/J"B@#P[XF_`;PU\4OB'\`/B3K.O^*M*UG]G+X@^ M(OB3X(L-"N-"AT;5-?\`%'PP\ @:K>ZAI?_"$?$3Q79VMIIFH M:-);:A>VNK"Y>[TVQ,61?_LQ_#34/'%_XRG&OBRUCXB^%_C%KO@.+5($\`ZY M\7?!>FZ1IGA?XD:EHO\`9YOW\1:3%X &[KQ#X8T#Q9J&@W?BG M3TUA_HBB@!````.@``[\#W/-+110`5%-&98GC61X692$EC$;/$_5)$65)(F: M-L.HDC>,E0'1E)4RT4`?$.E?L/:%X2_9LT?]F3X;?'W]HGX6^&=%\9>)?&$/ MCOP/X@^&4'Q-O!XN\<>*/B)K_AG4-9\0?"?Q%X;G\+:AXH\7:G/ 7W]H7E_ M]%T4`>,^!O@GHG@O4]3\5W7B3Q3XW^).L>#_``[X#U+XI>-#X6N?&EUX8\*7 M6MZGH.F%?#GA;PSX6MX+/7/$FNZ].EGX9MDU35M1DN=56]6&TBMN,^`/[*OP M_P#V=?AS\&_A=X0UOQIKWACX%Z+XIT7P,?&6IZ/J.I!?%5T9KG4=8N='T#0+ M;4-6TRTN-6TG2;U+*U,&EZ[JL%U'>3SQW,/TS10!X+X'_9Z\)^`?CC\:_C[I M6N^+;WQ;\>-*^&&C^,-(U6\T2;POIUK\(M-\0:1X0/AJRL]`L=5L)ELO$^L+ MJTFH:UJPU&6:&7;!]EA5;7P%^`_AO]GSPSXL\+>%M?\`%?B&R\9?%OXO_&C5 M+KQ= MX=#?Q?XHUFZT?3Y[:YFTJQN M(M,2]FM;2V6/W"B@`HHHH`*\&^/'[/?A3]H.U^&-KXLU[Q;H2?"?XR?#OXY^ M&W\)W>B6 _CQ";^%`0?>:* M`/COXC?LEZ_\0?BY%\5+;]KS]K?X?:?'_P`(Y"?A/\._%_PET7X7OIF@36L] MYI"VNJ?!77O'5I:^+);9F\67EAX\L]:U#SPEEJNF)8:.NF^P3_!Y8-`\%^'/ M#'Q%^(G@>P\(S:E/>/X7O/"8N/&K:O!>'4AXOE\1>#_$7FR7>JW]SXB-_P"' MQX>U6#7'-U;:A%`7M7]DHH`^6M5_8]^#-QHWASP_X;L-;^'FC^'_`(3WGP'D MLO`.K)H@U[X,:@;>2[^'>O7%S9:E=W&F_:()KRPU^PGTWQOH=YJGB"ZT'Q3I M /O@]9RZKH7ACXB:1XNT'5KK0VTJTU33-'\6Z/+X9 M&G>'_/TF[TC3K7PSX2&G^%/"5O)I-W;Z1H6AZ-:M#=-9F67VJB@#XL\3?L9# M4OA%\#/@SX&_:9_:;^"OAOX"^&=!\)Z#JGPI\1?">P\1^+]*\*>'-*\+^&/^ M$_O/&7P;\;Z=K-QH>FZ1;S6;:5I.@6[ZM++K%U;7&H0Z?-8_3GPW\%S_``\\ M#>&?!=SXT\;_`!$NO#VEQ:?=>./B/JUCK?CCQ3 5-(T/1M)M4$5II>E:?806]K%V]%`!1110`5\]:9^SGX?T7XR?''XYZ-X MU\?:7XW^//PW^&WPS\0FVNO" ^$+M[/Q#IEU\4O M%][=7/B&Y\3:9JEQ E]I,MGI=K:CZ%HH`^*_A#^QI ].M+[1=4T_PU\ V-WJ)O/:-1^!NA^(O&5KXL\:>)O%WCFST/QQI_Q%\$>"_$\ MWAF;PAX`\7:3H$OA_3=5\,P:7X6TGQ! );?2]>U*XU?3 M$L[F#3OL'ME%`'RD/V.?A*LT %_&7BSPYX$'A72-;N;0=Q\2_@# MX7^*/Q.^`'Q5UK7_`!9I>O\`[.7C7Q9X\\$:?H=WHD&AZIK7C3X;>+/A/K MX:\;7WQ!^'WAKQ;/X9G\-?#7Q/?>&-3\'F^\)0:-X5T76) MOLF@:]XDL],'BO6_$\NDGQ%JLNG36[O:&S]JZ=***`"BBB@""ZA>XMIX([B6 MTDEBDCCNH%@>:VD92([B)+J&XMGE@ %?V M9/A/^RQ\,?VA?VD?A)X-^$`TVVT'QAX!\1_"Z'XD:SHVD'49-/\`#OBK6O$_ MPB\4:!JFBQ7&H_:9X+7PKIMSJ,MCIXU*[NXH9HKC[FHH`^=?AC^SR/AOX6U? M1KOXR?&KXE>+=9\*W7A.;XM?$SQ#X3UKXFVMI-JWBG6+6]T[4=%\#^'/"^GW MVF7?BAAIT5KX0CTF*'0O#Z7&EW;65S)?1W?[,'P]US0?&>G>-+_Q7X[\2>/M M+^'6E^)OB1X@U33K#Q_ ,-4U+77@GN;V '^!?@'X/\">+-2\=VVH>(M?\8Z]>:[J M_B?Q'XCN],NM0\3^(=>TKP5X;D\0ZM'INCZ5I\-_I7A#X>^%O!WA^UT:PTG1 M]%\.V=Y:V>F+ (?B= MX/\`'5MX6\0^!C<>!?A_X $=8\8P:#X> M\*Z%I-A_PAG@CP]X%TS2O#%EX?\`#^D2Z/H5S9>&[36]3TE[J]M;OQ5>:KKR MK! H.1^E`"T444`%% M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444 M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110 M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`! M1110`4444`?+?QT_;7_97_9H\2Z1X/\`CM\;O!/PR\3:[H0\3:1HWB:ZO[>\ MO]!.H7>E#4[=;73[M&M3J-C=VFYI%?S8'&S;ACXG_P`/8_\`@G3V_:V^$O\` MX,M8_P#E(:_0J2WAF(,L44A`P"\ :C^PVG_/M;_\`@/#_ M`/&Z\JO1SN56I+#9AE=*@Y7I4Z^48NO5A&T=*E:GG>&A4=^9\T:%-6:7+=7/ ML\NQOA[3P6'AFO#/&6,S&,+8O%9?QODF6X*M4YVU+#X'$^'V:U\-#DY8^SJ9 MCBY.2E/VB4E"/\0W_!2__@M!^T#\3?CQXH\$?LG_`!IUGX:?`'P'>Q:)X *?@_^WI\9]/O/"4/AN3Q%\.OC3X^"P:_9ZO8ZC96 MVH^`O$^IZ+I6?$46K6.H2:SX */" M/B31]%\11>1XABMHK[6]`U;3;46NKI>:CINIS1ZH^G6?U!_P25_X)!:A^POK MGBGXS_&KQ;X7\;_&SQ/X #4O[OP9X!\)7M]8:MK2V^JZYI^FW_B'Q M/X@O-,TJ"]U$:1I5CI&FZ:VGZ M^*Y?E/B='CVIB:V*Q4 `CC(*4'3Y(T,+"HL30J\LZE6,H5*Y_H)Q1QM]$*M]&K! MY5@,IR>KGJR'*J.#R'`8;"8/Q&P_%--8;Z[7Q?$L\AKSIUHXE8FKF.=U\+4R MK, &RK%86LVX^ZXUJF N M;8S@2M@:M/(^'>+ !OB9\2]-\;_"_1=*^%7CN M_OO#EC\3(?&?Q*\)>#;[P=HOCNUU2TL_`7BS5;#7;N+PGXG\0:3XB\,6WB/^ MRX/$>F1:+/>ZA9^??#/]M3P?\8F^%_Q4\'>*_#^A?L\^*O@7\ & M=4\,?$3X9^*O@?XR^'G@SQQX'\?R7OB>WL?`7B7X;ZUXN\2>'_BQX1USPY>: MQX5\5>#+K2C?B.625?I+XU^`/$GQ(\+Z!H?AG6M!T*\TGXE_"OQY MM6UQ:?#3XA^&_B"=*MK;2]:T.6WNM:G\-0:2NHS7-U;Z;#>SWITW4)8(K:3X MR^,/_!,KX6_%'QM^U%XLTCQUXT^'.E?M /\`X,?%GP1X7CTJY\*2?$CQ MJO@JPC_:4T#2M6AN;#3/BP/#/@+PIX5\;126=SX ,-.N+OP[=7 M&M>F?)'HGBK_`(*'?LZ>'_%OP\\"Z5JGBOQEXN\>_M!Z!^SA=>'O"W@/QMJ. MM^`O''B7X3^(/C=HMU\0-&C\.MJWAO0]:^&OA^?Q'X=U&[LA!XBLYVN-,DDL M]'\3W6A?&]S_`,%$OC'XV^+7P\OOA;9>%]$^#DO_``46N?V#?B5X2^)7P9^* MND^.K^TL])\3W=M\0_A]X\U?5_!V@6.M2Z]X.\06'B3PIJ?A+Q2=&T&Z\/23 M?V%K$WF:U[UI7[#/Q)?P[^SUJ'B+X@_L_:=\4O@3^TAX.^.T^J_"#]F1?A#\ M./'D'AWX5_%3X+:K8ZYX+TOXFZSX@@\3:[X8^+OB/Q1%K8\;76B:)XEL=%TC M3_#9\.IJHU7"TW_@GKX\M?[#^U?&+PC,=(_X*3>(_P#@H,_D?#C78?M$7B,^ M*_.^$X\WXA3>7-9KXI .B6CN&L4:3P=$+EUB`/IOP]^V3^S_/J^G:#>_%J MSU+4?%7Q[^*O[/WAN=?`/CK0-%MOBQ\*].US7?%WPHU/Q%?Z-+X?M?%/AW1_ M#/B":SOM9U31+7QQ_95X?"$6J3QK;/\`1_@GQEH7Q"\)>'O&_AA]4E\.^*=+ MM-:T6;6O#WB'PIJ=QIE]&)K*YN?#WBO2]%\1:6;J!DN(;?5M*L;HV\L4Q@5) M4+?GC8?\$^+K6/`'QP^#7Q2\ &?C1X_T'XJ_$S0=!L-)\6_$GPYX,D^'FG^.= M4L($M9?%4O@L^(/$]MX=U/7!$-0UC3=,U>;1XM4N+MM(M]/TYK;3[4`]1HHH MH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@ M`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`" MBBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`** M**`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHH MH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@ M`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`" MBBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@"-YHHR!)+'&2,@.ZJ2.F0&()&>],^U6W_/Q!_P!_ MH_\`XJO!?BW^RM^SW\=] Z[I&DC0M-U/7K>\FN;/2%O+G4% ML(6M[RV40"]O+JX`9&;S)W^;!`'E7_#N?]B3_HW#X (&55\3#DY9 'F;4,-/F ZE)I.B:M/9V+7]Y#XRM8;J[,$:>?/%:V\ +_`!`\OAKPOJ6BZH-0T1=*^PJM[>^* M-4@%NQO9?.B-J6D`7$D84D_DO^TU^QE\==._:'^-MA\+_P!F?XO'X H>'6\+0ZO.FC'0[Z#3+J&[TLV8C-G ,O$'[2=GIO[2G[-'CU?AFW@7QC-,_P`2?A]XNT+PT->A&D'1MU_> M6NF0B_)-VMG"USNE#3[(V9-R?ZH &_T:\/X%9IFF&RW@G#9S#PYIXRGF^7 MX;(L3Q53QSR.C5>.H94\\P\:F M\JRG%9GQMB 5U&\ M.HU7A-?9K^MC[5;?\_$'_?Z/_P"*J1)(Y`3&Z.` O)4G'XU\6?\.Z/ MV)/^C #LGR?!3BYQ55U,=@^. $LNRYPJ.KBLIXSSC. E&G@,9P'D5"I&=2T:DY9C2=.#E.,*K2 MIO@OVM?VDH/V3/@]J/QOUCX:^/OB?X1\,:]X1L?&6C?"VRM?$'C_`$SP_P") M_%6B^%KGQ)X=\$R2P:EXZ;PXVM+KFJ^%_#4LWBJ_T73]0_X1O2];U=;32+O *]#U'PKJG@_2KKP%!8 M7>F6]LTU[K%KXEMOB3X8U70-6T]Y-+N=,>_GGN+>:WM;>^D_:)T'Q7XD\&>% M=/\`!_A>X\5ZC9?&?X$>*[ZRM]7T+13:>'_`7QA\%>.O$>H?:=?U#3K:>:WT M7PY?"QL+>5KJ^U&2TME\B*26[M_C#P%^R7\6/V4OCM\5?''P"M/#GC']F^\^ M#_QG\3_!K]G.XU:+PMJOPI_:,^*?CSX=>,O''@CP#K>H>7X;T/\`9]^*>M>$ M&\?V_AVZ=%^$WCW4_B`GAB"7P?XOT+PUX9^2/KSZY^'7[4/PZ^)GQ]^/G[.6 MAP:_:>/OV>]-^&&M>)WU?3X[+1?$FA_%2S\3_P!D:YX&O_M#GQ)H^B^(O!?B MOP-XHO[>)8-$\;^']7\/7++>64JCSSX:_MB6_P`8-0TK4?AG\,?$'C#X9ZO\ M9_B[\!9OB'I/B;PE)_PAGCWX+W'Q!T/Q0WQ+\'M>+XD\&:-J'C7X>7W@_1'\ MK6/$$=]KGAF^\3>'/#6FZJ)XOF`_LB_&GX0?M3?LC?M+?"W4?'/Q4NAX8^)? MP+_:IT+Q]XP^&.F?8/@[\5&L_BF/$WATV.BZ&^N^+/`O[0VAZ5KMCI+:IX@: M7PKXN^)T6F:U%>:A:0ZU0\+_`+(GC^/]J+X:?M8>$/@\/V8/CC>>-_$\_P"V M)JGPN^)VCWOP3_:Q^&-KX8\=Z!X ";_P#9_P!-_:K^(WP8^)?P MQ_9UN_C!XP^#>N_$^\U?P#XLL?ASJ/@GX[>(_P!G'5O'/Q,T;PWXC?7?#WPO M/Q1\,7=A-XRTBP\31^'_``_J.E^+_&5AX:\-IKNHZ%]@_'G]IWX H:1IAOM-\.^)O&EMJ5MX:UGQI=F2./0O"NK>,4\+? M#>SUB0R)/X^^(?@70(XVEUQ'C_'_`,+_`+#O[5_Q`_X)J>*?^" 7=U% !O#EW\0OC;KOPVU7XR:EX;BU:P\-:%X'^%>F^(K;P=:>,?'7B?4H;P:5!X MJ\8W$WACP5HVE:/KWB#Q-J&C>*;VVTV#0O"/B/5].U_V??VC?!O[0ND_$!M" MT_7/#'C+X/?$[Q!\&/C#\//%$%K#XD^'OQ,\-V.BZU/HE]+I]U?:3JVEZ]X4 M\3^%/'7@SQ+HU]=:3XG\$>+/#VMV[VTUU=Z=8?` _VK/V9O@OJ7ASQU\0M+\:_"KQUK_Q9\,^*_P!GVXO- M &?B=I$VO^//BIX?U+PC?:UX5\6:SH5[X"U;P_:S>(=.UOPC?^Y?L%_#3 M2X8OVE_VESK^GZMXD_;:^.4'QWUOP[I\&M:;)\-=!T/X2_#?X(>`/AKKNG:_ M:Z3XBTWQWH7@CX7Z=J'Q*M=7T?1KO2?B/KGB?0;6Q&EZ%IUQ ^#/#WCS0M?\(V&J^.=,T3XB'X;^*/BEX*\&ZM M?6]_JWPGT'5;+Q%J\/B&ZU/3/$?BWPIX9O?$W@;P=XDTC5O"]SKWV*WBSPPN MM7/AM_$.AIXAL],DUN[T)]8TY-9M=&BD2-]7N-*:Y%_!IBO+$K:A+;K9AI8P M9LNN?@+_`()]?!3XR?L>?L[>`OV./$G@NV\3:#\`_P"U?A[\-/C7I'BOP^OA MCQU\([3Q!J6H_#W6?%'AN[O(/'?ACXD:=X2U.QT/QSX>M=`UGPW>>*]%U#5? M#OBPZ%K%G%IWBFH_LA?&?7+ZUTGQ5X)T/5O$'PQ_;9^.O[3'AOXY:;KWA634 M_BG\&?BG8_%B]L_@UK%AJTEKKUMKU_X3^)>F?LU>+?#GB6S'PR;X=^#M-\6Z M?KT[V6@>%],`/U1B^)?P[G+"#QYX,F*WWA_3&$7BK0)"NH^++=+SPM8-LU%M MM[XDM)([G0+0XN-9MW2?3([J)@YT+CQKX/M-:M/#=UXJ\-VWB"_O3IUCH +?W-X-*C?4C:P6\DXL$:]\O[,K2C^;BX_X)I?M'6_ M[/&H?#S2?@3\/[7QS)_P19^"'['%I=P^+OAI;6B?M;_"Z77+>'Q*=21?-33M M`&IPZEX8^*)MGUW3U6X&FV&GWI\N;UZ\^"2_M'_M9?\`!3KX *;?PS>7T'C31X[>UGDL;B]G@L9;4:E#JVNPQK:/'X=26TO)[6Y>[\^ M*.`";\IK[]CWXTZQ8^'](\5_#G1/$7BSX,_M-_MA_&FW^*VF^.M!\/:A^T7\ M'?CUX:_:)BT+X*W>N6 /=!UW58O!?@[Q9IUM;^.O&7PD\/ MZ$GQ%O[GQ#8/+J@!^N'@;]H#X*?$OP-'\3?`OQ3\!^)OA]/XCUWPE;^--,\4 MZ+-X9NO$'ASQ!J/A?5--M-:-ZNGW,R:SI5[;VGDSN-2A2&^T_P"TV-U:W$OG MO[8?[3FF_L@_!"_^.6M^"M>\>:'I?CKX1^!+[1/#.IZ'IFLI>?&7XK^#/@WX M9OX)/$5S9:9+96/B[Q[H$^MK)>P7%OH:ZE?6 &?V"_VC?`7P MA_9^^'VJ?`ZP^(W@'X?:]^W7\*OC-\&O`OQ[TCX+IX]\*?M)_%JQ\9?#OX\^ M&=:T5;#1=>TK3?!&D7OPY\7?#[QQ +OV.'TC0M0^(#KINE^%OV?OVA/@A\3 MO$45SX[^(%Y)KVO3P>#OACJFF:/J6L_;_$'B77)=,EUR6V:_U'5+,`_0>U\ %IM3L/#T_B/PU;^*;Z2^M$\-)XCT>XU=]2TC3[34];L+6Q2Z2^O)](LKVUO M+](;,2VMC &_"G[3OP0_9FMM'7Q#K?QC\-_&C7;C7 MM*\2Z$Z>!+GX/:/X'UN32/$?AQ'GUT7?BFR\;02:3+LM8+=-.N9+G?\`:+,2 M?FIKG[&'QMG^(_Q#^(^@_!3PSIGB'Q!_P5W^!O[7NA^)(O$OPWLO$\/P`\.? M!GX%?#KXFRMJUK [>,?%NB#QE\1]$U6WTCQ%X+\57=^-(N_$]O8:;XCO MP#]Z[3Q]X'OS9"R\8^%KPZCJEUH>GBU\1:- P:6X@6]TN^M=0M&FM9GM[J% M;FSFG@,MO ,?V L>(+@Z1;7NAW7V'P!X M,@TG0]+UWQIX#NKO3OC7X:_X1.!?!4_Z3_LG:?\`$'1?@)X"T'XI_"#P'\#_ M`![X>T^XT+Q+X%^%VHZ5J/PW_M'3+VXMYO$_@ MO M/XDT"75;C1==U#7+^QEU_50#Z-HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HH MHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB M@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****` M"BBB@`HHHH`****``@$8(!!Z@\@_A3%C169E10S[=[`# G:AJ.K6&CZ59:IJ[1OJNHV>FV5K?ZD\6?+;4+R"" M.YO6CR=C74LI3)VD9K7HH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`" MBBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`** M**`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHH MH`**Y+Q!X3_M^[ANO^$E\6Z+Y-O]G^S>']9_LVUE_>/)Y\T/V:;S+CY_+\W ='ZA MB*OLW=JWM(249:6=TK:VZ'G_`(^^.U]X"\2WGAZ\\&&Z6*."YLKY=;\A+^QN M4)BN%B;2I#&5E2>WEC\R39-`XWLI4GH/A=\6;WXE7NI1)X6_LC3]+MXGN-0; M5OM@:[N'(MK*.$:=;;G>*.>>1_-Q%'&F5)F3'G_QE^$4C>&9?$6GZSXI\1:K MHA1V@UO4O[5E;29'Q>QV2+:12++$[17>T,RM'#,H3>RFNR\#?!K^P?#>GV\W MBGQCI&I7,,=[K%KH6N+86`U.>)/.5(%M)26@C6*U,K2.9?(#C:&"C^#.& C7S"EB)?I.,PWAS_J7A RZ 'S3ZU53CRT?J->AS)R2D_:3DXKE5Y M6:UM9:LP/B/\3_!GPIT.RUWQIJCV,.KZ_H?A'P]I]G97NK:WXF\7>)KP:?X= M\+^'-%TV"YU'6-;U>\W+;VEK"RP6T-YJ=_-9Z5I]_?6OG (+GPG\2Y/&O@WQAX3U7PQXFM=,\,:L=%.AZWHEKJVNW-[ M;>,_"ZZ%/X8M=;T_Q/ `/C) MXM\*>+?B9X,BC\9?`*7Q98?%3X#>*?#XU?QAX&^/GA7Q!X")\:>%K[X=^,_# MFAF/Q%X=AO;C3Y-9C74=*UK0KC5M'OORG^)&A?M>>(_A#X?_`&0_C\_QP^/' M[+'QP^.'QI^#'C_]L[PE\`+[2_VG4_9\'[-?AS7?@+XP\>?##P'X4EU71/', MG[0MYJ?PQO/V@?#OPOT:*YT?X3>$O&)\.>!YOB#:^+]+^_/,/W2\)_&7P7XV M\%^(?&_AYM=O+'PEJ?B70?$^CGPYK$7BK0_$?A":2#Q%X=OO#3VO]J?VUI\J M#;9VT5Q]OAEMKG39;RVN[::7Q[X!?MR_LS?M,77@;3_A/X_O+_4_B?\`"&U^ M/WPSTGQ5X*\=?#O5OB)\%+V_TK3(?B=X(T_Q]X;\.3^)_" DBZ MN?#[^(?#O_"06>EKX@T9K[XB_8JD\2^']%UCPY\;/@C^T%\._P!H?P#\&=1^ M''C:QT/P7\8)OV8/%=MX>U#Q+K >)[>) M_$GQ_P##=[?)\-_'4$EUX'UOQ-KM/_@D[^Q='X(_9I_X)^?&+XV6OQ8M/V@O M@)^PKX4_9OT?X '[FTMKW6KK60#]--7^/\`X"T?XR>'?@5+I_Q- MU'QOXET^348-2\/_``7^+OB3X9Z)&EAJ6J+9^,OC1H7@J_\`A%X'UN;3]+EN M[7P[XN\;:/K]U!>:));Z;(/$6@_VC7T;]I7X(:[::[J5E\0-)@TCP_X4\0^/ MKC7=6@U+0O#^I>`/"=T+#Q/X]\-:[K5C8:3XK\$:!?/%;:MXK\-7>JZ)9M>: M9++>"UUG1KC4/BSQQ\%;+QM^U)!XY_9^T#XY?!CXBWGC/Q-HG[4OC>?2_B#X M+^#_`,7/ADWPG\4^`K*?4=,\17D?@#XH^-=-UL_#;5OA1X]\`:1>>+_"@\*I M8ZIXET_P9)XB\+ZQ\N>-?V4OCM\6_P!GW]GWX6:'X3\8>%?%W[,?["GCCX*> M-['6XK+P_HWCSXHP#]F72=+^''A77+YO['\6^%O&\/P&\7WX\7Z;+_PBMCI^ MK>#SJ]W:7VIWNGZ,`?M/X$^*G@CXC_VU%X6U2YDU#PY+IR:]H6M:+KGA;Q-H MT>LV"ZKH=WJGAGQ/IVD:]86.NZ8QOM&O;G3H[7488KI;:5[BQOX+7CO@E^T; M\*_VA7^*$?POU76M5?X-_%'Q+\%OB(-7\)>*/"O]A_$[P ,M'NO"VM:WXA^&_BS]H+Q]XL\0W'A?5((-8L+.P3XSZ#X0 ML+_4$B&J7VC>(9=.2XT:#3M4U'\B/AS\//CYI&H^.K+3O`G[2_@K3O'?_!?7 MXD?%;Q*WA?PU\8/`H\5?LI^,?A_=V$_C;7;O0+/2I=2^#^MZQ9:7% !/B]\/O!GQ.\%7VHZ;=Z/?WGA+Q[X=TWQ3X;NK[2;]([[2KRYT?5K*:XTV M^CBO;*:1[6ZBCGBD1?Q:\!77QRM-/T/X:_&+X?\`[5NM_`.+QC_P4H^'GA&Z MT[0/CSK7C/1M6L_VDWG_`&+;CQEJ6FW$GQ1O_AUJ'[-T^M:?\)/B)KMQJGA' M2=3BTNV\9Z_HWB"+P?.GC_[&_@K]J2"T_8_^$/QCM_VQ_@SI?P\_9W_X)X:C M\)H/!/P=U.7P>;#X ?"/6=3\8Z;I:^&@#^DK/UY]C_D?C17Y/\`[-.E_$3X */BG:WFI>%OA(_B+X.17FAZCX5L+WQQ^L%`!1110`444 M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110 M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`! M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%``0#U&>AY]0 1[TF!UP,COW[#KUZ``^HX-+10`@4`Y``/T_#^0`/J`/04O3I110`@5020H M!/4@`$\YY/?GGZT8'H.>O'7J?YDG\3ZTM%`"``=`!]!BEP/3W_'UHHH`3`]! MW[>O7\^_K1M'7`[=O0Y'Y$DCTR 3C2S++,9X>PP>-BH1E[3"T\VX\RO,5&[ EK-^=?M=_MD:-^S[ M8+X6\)IIGB/XL:G!% .TGM[AIKR,,-&T2*YMKJ]! M.H7$MMI\4;7GJO[-G[2G@[]HSP>NL:0T>D^*])CMX/%_@^:X66]T2]E4JES; M.P1[_0=0=)'TK5$C42!7L[N.VU&VN+9/YVOC1X+^)/@/XD>)]#^+"W\OC:74 M)]4U/5[ZXEOE\2K?S2-'XDL-4E5/[3T_4]C-! &2LGBCQO (IM:6 M():>&FFB:Z:$:D]QIT5@NHV_^97"GTS_`!ES3Z1E3),1P5FN+X>S3-/]5%X4 M8;!T:?$62PP>)K1EF-/$XM87DXBP?[_%9U/,,1A /7J_P\T'XBZ#9:C#\1?'NC^/;Z M>\CETV\T?P1%X(BL+);=(Y+2:TBU_7Q?227(>X%T9K ,.'\/.%24LSSC%\"5 3M% (O$OA[PAHU[XB\5:YI/AO0=.6%K_6= )O#6M>,O#OQ#\$:YX3\-2ZC;^)/$ MND^*]"O]!\.W.CVD.H:Q;:_JUM?R6.BW6DV-S;WFJ6VJ3VEQIUM/%->QP1R* MQ^4/^"@GA3P;XX^$G@7PKK_Q_P!1_9@\ A^(-,\'?'G MP=/K'CKX>?\`"5>&/%31>$?%GA/7&\,:MX>USPKXEN=.L_$$.JQZ;INM>'_$ MD^AZ[IOY'?%W]H#QKXY^"6N_L6?'C3/@!\#/C9^UW^T5\;O@1K_[:GPNU'4K M;]DC7_B!\*_V9?A]\ MSNTLKIV6WNVMKA;:24P2A/R?_8.^/'@CQMX7\7R:K\;X?`WQ,7X?^+)_CY^R M)XUU?X `O#]Q8:KK=G\3+#X-^+O$M]\8?&5QKEU)XAN/!E]\,K#3_ M``?X%M=#L-.\)Z]K?C37Y[V>^U>WT[30#]SM%^)OPX\26GBR_P##WC[P7KUE MX"U6]T+QS=Z-XHT35+?P;K>G:=::QJ&C>*Y;&^N%\.ZM8Z3J%CJ=YINL&RO; M;3[VTO98$M;F"63=\.>)?#OC'0M+\4>$M>T;Q1X:URTCO]%\0^'M3LM:T/6+ M";)AOM+U;39[FPU"SF`+0W5I &]$AO7MI/V MH_V=YK_Q1XA^#`NDM+_XB>%KOQW\`]5E^U>)O`^L^",%OVG/BQX>^!]WX,^' MGCR'X2>*/A)_P3,_9L_:)_9ETK7/"VB7-A^TAXUO?`WCH^(O">HZ)XMTAO$> MNZ3IFL>#?AM\-]>^'_@6?PY\1/#D_P`5-,UEKNWUGQ#X&-D`?O!7(^'O'W@C MQ=K/C/P]X6\7>&_$>N_#K7K7PMX^TC1-9L-4U'P9XFO=!TKQ3:>'_%%I9SS3 M:'K5QX:UW1->BTS45M[UM(U?3=0\G[+?6TLOX%?M+?'#]HCQW^SA_P`%,?$R M?M(^//`%Q^SU^U'\&?AAH7A/X>VGP 2XTV_/\:_$?P=_:*_; M*^(W@'XW6CZ9>?\`!3W_`()J?"?Q5I,\7POU/1?B=X,^.7[/'[#_`,%O&6K> M(]4;11J5E=V&B^)-4\5:'?\`@*^\(:?IGB#PQ I6&CZ-I%C=:GJVK:K>6^GZ9IFG6,#W-[J&H7]Y)#:65E9VT4EQ= M7=S-%!;P1O+-(D:,POU\)?MH6&B_'7P_ ,+CXQ?#35/B M?9_#C5;WX#2:; ?\$[_`(#^(/CUIW@OXWZ)^T9^T!^P=^W!=Z))\//% MGB+4?'?[-7[,O[0-W!X\TO6/'6@ZO;:;>>._$GPI^&OQB\.:_%H4FE:M8>/; M72]4TB[6[ET1`#^@RBOYUO@3_P`%"_VG]4^%OP\\=W'C#3?CMX_^('_!+3]K M?]IJP^&%CX4\%69UCX^_LO?$'X9>#/!MKX2TCP%I-GXLN9OBEI_C'7;SQ?X0 M-[KB7NM:0@^'NF^&;6WNM&KLM#_:Y^.7CC5_V7[GP=^W#\$/&GPJ_:9_:P\` M_#32_$OP.L?!'C7Q/H'@SQ+^Q]^T;\0O%OAG5/%GCCX;:%X8T[Q.?B=\/OAK MXK\->')_AY'XX^'DFN7G@?Q];ZU8ZWX:TQ`#]Y;/5],U"[U>PLKZVNKS0;R" MPUBVAD#RZ;>W6FV6L6]M=J/]5--IFI6%\B'EK:[@DZ.*TJ_%#Q3^V_XN^&OQ MC_:`\"?$SXXZ=H/P;\%?M[_!+]G#6/C'J6C^!=/;X#_"[Q_^P1X.^,=MJOBG M7;31%\+:&OCG]IR]M?ABOQ!\?Z4^A^&M1^(2Z*9;"73M'2PXC]IO]MCXE?`G MP3H,OA']J[PW\6_&OP]^&O[+OQ)UG4S\/?AQ\._"?Q:\%_$W]JV]^$_B/XCS MP75[X@O/'&B^+_`FG:UIILO@S;>%_"WPWDT5_BKK/C;3M,\=_#[0;,`_>:O% MO&W[2/[/'PTUY_"WQ&^//P8\`>)X_P"Q_,\.>-?BCX'\*Z\G_"0O)%H&_2-= MUVPU!?[ TV]\/:'9^*SXTTNW^# M/@/PW+JIUTZ'XIT7Q0\U_P"';C7M2TK7)O2/^"M-IX.\/>#?V1-9GMO#.BZE MKW_!4[_@FGJ>M:I/%I6GWVL#PW^TIX'B6^U"]F$5Q?KH&C6RA;B>21=(TV%I M-]M:I(X`/U8\(>,_!_Q!\/6/BWP%XK\->-_"FIR7\6F^)O".NZ7XE\/:C+I6 MI7>CZG'8ZUHMU>Z;=OIVKZ??Z7?I;W,C6>HV5W8W(BNK::)*_C#Q]X(^'UKH MM[XZ\7>&_!]IXD\6>&/`?AZX\2ZUI^BQ:[XV\:ZO;Z#X0\):0^H3P#4O$GB; M6KNVTO0M%L_.U#5+Z:.VLX)9&P/R-^(O[3GQCT+]L+XE?L\_"[QK\!_@[=_# M;Q?\%_'7@GX,>-(I-'\6?M7_``W^)NCGQ?\`%C5_AOX:'@MI?&OB#Q9X_NO' MG@:+QIX*\>6!^%OCCP5_PEGQ-\/W_A_6[Z/Q+\U_$/\`:0L_VD?V8?V>?BC% M^U1X7\::GXM_:9_X))WWCCX31^'?!&EZW^S1\=C^V5\-[SXIZ+K+0C3->\/W MVGW3GPW)\&_BCIMSXN\'77PRUKQ'J.KZC9:GKL%L`?T9T$@=3CZU^`G@7]L' MX]^+OVDOAO\`LTW?[24UIHT7[:7[=_[.7B[QS!X:^"'_``L;Q1\/OA9^SSH' MQ?\`A5K-S*_@IO!NA^*?!FO^(GT"/6-(\#VNE>([/1HQXET+4=3DNYCE?"S] MOKX[?&?]G/2M _"'_`(3+X7_#67P]XLA'Q[BGT74-+D'A":P` M/WB\.^/O!'B_5O&>@^%?%WASQ'K7PZ\00>$_'NE:'K-AJE_X,\476@Z1XI@\ M.>*+6SGFET/7)?#7B#0M>32M16WOCI&LZ9J!@%K?6TDO75_/WX`_:3\8>!OB MG^UWXEU2*'X6R_%G_@H9^Q7X!^/NOP/I>OS?L[:5\1/^";O[,`UB\U.ZO(KS M1=*4?%_1_#_P)'B[Q+I\VA^'=9\6/J]_"T^CR10=KXC_`&[/B5\& %;&ULM>\6_#SPIKZ:-I/A/Q'XMGTP`_ 6.#3])LFGU"^F=8K6VFD(4_E]X/^,?[4NCZ[\"M#\4_%_2_BGI?[9'[ M,_P^T'X6_$GX3^'_`(>>(_AI\,/VLO">@W7BGXSZUH_BCPOX.O\`1?%7P[\= M_#:_UKXJ?"V\\4ZAJ/AKRO@/XW\-)+/?>.O"^G/:_P""MU_I>E_#[]B!=8U2 MRA\O_@J1_P`$Y;D3ZM WABBLHQ) F6NE_"OP=\,?VC/%_PM\1:3>KX5O-:G^( M7@OQ%\+_``/9:1K%[>7F@>);+69=,\3>%M=U#6K#4'^8?@I^V;^T#HG[+_[" M?PLM?VG_`(=^`?&OQ?\`V%#\1M&_:'_:9UK2+BR\7?M2Z%J?A;3?%7P H:=XU\6>`7U:*_P#%7P4>_P#!?QI\;6GB+4XM*\3?VYX1UF]T *=4UK2+;XQ_&>RT37;OQ/I]_I>G_;#K=K ,?'_COPMX:\0^(_A_I&D>*(OAC8 M>!KV^/CK7]^K@']`] -O`KVL?C;P?H?BG0 M]6\4^#WOD$MBGBKP_87UQJWAYKZ(B6Q76+2S-Y#^^MA+%\]?F-^QQXQ^+>J_ MML_&30_C3^T`OCS7KC]A7]@GQAIGA'PU9:)X7^$/B7Q/KU[^TEI_Q9^)GP>\ M&ZSH*?$/3?"^I>(/#FBZI,+OQ)JDFG-XKM=*\2W=_:6O@>UT3X3^*/QV\4?` MK]H[_@MK\2?A+\0/#_@KXA:3\7?^"2&A66M75CX4\1K'IWBO1_AE\-?&EK=Z M-XA$UE +/"&M:?XA\.:LNFZG> MZ-?OIFLZ7/ ,?#W[0WC[]G; MXD_':/3?A[HO[;'B/X,V_P"T%J\?PJT/5]#TB\_8H^!W[2?P\^%>N:M9^%K3 MX=:)J_C/XB>/OB5X:\(^)];\,VEWK.A_#.X^'T-Q?_$"\CU.7\__`-D;]J[X MQ^#?V??V &8[>WU3PX-,U+XQ^!/B%9C2O&OC5K'Q?\%M8UFT\ M3?#F8>-_U6'(R#D>OK^5`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4 M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11 M10`4444`?/?[0W[.'@7]HKPK%H?B=9-+UO3)'N/#7B_38+>36=`N)2GVF.(3 M[8K[3+]$6/4-)NF^RW!6&Y0P7MM;W,7H/PN^%O@SX.^#-*\"^!=+33-$TQ"[ MNY674-5U"54^VZSK-[L1]0U:_=`]S=2!555BMK:*WL[>WMHO0Z*^4P_`W!^$ MXNQ_'F&X 6X?*,?Q%3PE..9XK+L+/GHX>I72\J4*M6*C7Q%'"X*AB M*M6A@,'3H ,'+Y14I)*4XTZ49N4:5 M-0****^K.T@N;6VO(9+:[MX+JWFCDBE@N(HYX98IHGAECDBE5T>.6*22*1&4 MJ\;NC`HS`YS^'M!DTRWT631=)?1[4VQMM*?3;)M,MS92QSV9@T]H#9PFTGBC MFMC%"AMY462'8X#5L44`9\FDZ9+/ 6D5A=W$MI;R3W5C!)/-#9W M,SQM+/:0RW-Q)%;3.\$4D\SQQJTCDV;>UMK2,Q6MO!;1%WD,=O#'"ADD;=(Y M2)44N[' 6)/-3T4`5+>PLK1[B2UL[6VDNG\RYDM[>&![B3 :PN6B>!KFREEC> M2TN&AD>)I[=HI3$[1ERA(J]10!GG2=,,5[`=.L?)U*.2+4(OL=MY=]%,)A+' M>1^5LNHY1 4+C9YPCRQ/EA]F23MR M35(Z#HAD:8Z1I9E;[TITZS,A^ 7=7%\ MFVQM%"7MW 5WE`8:=%`&;)HVDS1WT,NF:? M)%J )HWCTO38WAD$T3)86B-%*#"1)&RP@I(#;P$.A5P88CG]VFV>[T^QOPBWU ME:7BQAPBW5M! 2VEM)=V* M7$=E=26\3W%HETL:7*6L[(9;=+A(8EN$A=%G6-%E#A%`KG1=(*SJ=+TXK %5B:0Q@*-.B@#*_L/11(TPTG3! M*Q):4:?9B1MQ9FR_D;CDNY.2 #X;>(-!LO#^K>']0O-)OGTO6/!_B_P`*>-/"$CVL^C6B M:9KNFZ%I?BG2;22\T_3M=M]/O+BU?WJB@#QWPC\$_#'@SQ';:YI>I>(I=/TG M2'TSPQX0O+W3V\)>%;O4)KJY\4>)-&T^TTFSOY?%'C.ZNI+CQ+K&N:KK4DDK MW;:1%HXU;6UU/U>[T^QOP@O;.TO!'O\`+%U;07`3S%VR;!-&X7>HVOMQN7AL MCBK=%`&8FBZ/&8VCTK34:*59XF2PM%, QJMT9YIIC+Y MDLC-IT4`9C:+I#B57TO3F$\OGS!K"T82S?O_`-[*#"1))_I-Q^\? 2:&*5X!((GEC21 MD+HK"I)HFC2O+))I6FR/,SO,[V%F[2O(Y>1I&:$M(SN2[LY)9B68DDFM2B@# M*ET+19X;BWFTG3)8+MX)+J&33[-X;E[:X^U6[7$3PE)V@N?](A:57,5Q^^C* MR@/4SZ7ILB6D ;39VQ7[6SI*USCRL?:&DCCD:?'FEXT<N652-" MBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`*** M*`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH M`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@` MHHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`****`"B 5BB@`HHHH`****`"BBB@`HHHH`__9 ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet Components (Property and Equipment and Accumulated Depreciation) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross $ 414,691 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross $ 357,196 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Less: Accumulated depreciation (264,816) us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment (223,591) us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Property and equipment, net 149,875 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet 133,605 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Information technology assets Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross 189,274 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_TechnologyEquipmentMember 139,306 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_TechnologyEquipmentMember Estimated Useful Lives 3 years Furniture and fixtures [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross 25,758 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember 21,011 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember Estimated Useful Lives 3 years Building [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross 40,681 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_BuildingMember 40,681 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_BuildingMember Estimated Useful Lives 30 years Leasehold improvements [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross 57,339 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember 51,194 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember DVD operations equipment [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross 89,144 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = nflx_DVDOperationsEquipmentMember 96,361 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = nflx_DVDOperationsEquipmentMember Estimated Useful Lives 5 years Capital work-in-progress [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property and equipment, gross $ 12,495 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember $ 8,643 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember X - Definition Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=nflx_DVDOperationsEquipmentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TechnologyEquipmentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) (Narrative) (Details) (2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member]) 0 Months Ended Feb. 02, 2002 Dec. 31, 2014 Feb. 02, 2002 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Purchase price as a percent of closing price 85.00% us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPurchasePriceOfCommonStockPercent / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember Common stock purchase period 6 months Common stock look-back period 6 months Maximum percent employees can invest of their gross compensation through payroll deductions 15.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumEmployeeSubscriptionRate / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 15.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumEmployeeSubscriptionRate / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember Maximum number of shares employee can purchase 8,334 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember Shares available for future issuance 2,785,721 us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandTwoEmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember X - Definition Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Common Stock Look-back Period + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardCommonStockLookBackPeriod Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Common Stock Purchase Period + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardCommonStockPurchasePeriod Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate number of common shares reserved for future issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The highest percentage of annual salary that an employee is permitted to utilize with respect to the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumEmployeeSubscriptionRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The highest quantity of shares an employee can purchase under the plan per period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumNumberOfSharesPerEmployee Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Purchase price of common stock expressed as a percentage of its fair value. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPurchasePriceOfCommonStockPercent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies (Future Minimum Payments Under Lease Financing Obligations and Non-Cancelable Operating Leases) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] 2015 $ 35,501 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNextTwelveMonths 2016 37,078 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinTwoYears 2017 27,697 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinThreeYears 2018 19,804 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinFourYears 2019 14,923 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinFiveYears Thereafter 76,130 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter Total minimum payments $ 211,133 nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinFiveYears Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinFourYears Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinThreeYears Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueinTwoYears Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital and Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Next Twelve Months + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalandOperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNextTwelveMonths Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`2W_..6`(``&PI```3``@"6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-= M+GAM;""B!`(HH``"```````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` M``````````````````````````````````````#,VL&.VC`4!=!]I?Y#Y&U% M3&S'G5:$64S;93M2IQ_@)@\2D WR[=O%@^[ M@7P23_>^8'4(PT?.?5E39WQJ!^KCG95UG0GQJUOSP90;LR8NYG/-2]L'ZL,L MC#/8 GK( MD91VM6I*JFSYV,4WD/K!D:E\312Z-IVN:6>:_B7WB?W3PYY/E^S*0 _J6#^[\DLXS#VU/W;B[IT=?&P'.KH\P$O] M;SP]&^(@ ]=J M>*V?5@^@8B)G:13'&HX *24FV+7^ZBRBXL:NI3\(V(T'4\4"_'L M )MI BB,GW MK3\,?:C%.43QN'G_[N%K./B4OQ2[_2D6>98^UJ)+Z?2Q+&/3A:./J^$4^GQG M.XQ'G_+EN"M/OGGQNU"J]=J5X]]SB,W-G,536XOQJ55.%,_G4_[IMR H''9T8'(D>YM+O,WOR4NE[M%2239U M)*2.,NRG8]#3T>PD:QAES8:@AA`T6>E4ZI@U6BQCV>585(YE*\)"15BV(BQ4 MA&-3V4$JLZ,#D^/83':0R9)M+(F-Q5:$A(I0;$4HJ`C%5H2"BM!L16BH",W> MYQIN=,-6A(&*,&Q%&*@(RU:$A8IP;.XXR!W'IK*#5&9'!R>'+5`+!5HMJHC8 M^3&TW]*8#])B[GA?#YMNAE%?RF8.1(Y V C:K$-I:C8#-82@84O3 M0&E:MC0ME*9C9\?![#BV)!R41+6H)!I_:#YU?M_/.VL:0B N]:=]M!DD5NVP8HDG2=[CX2M#6.B=7%I>@D[J_O4$:4(U-1UT\.I>AH9OB= M(:G3SZ]%/GHF7:NJ//."3[XWHG)99:I\.O/^?OSRV]0;U4:6F MY_-??SE]J?2/157]&+%`69]Y:V,V)^-QO5Q3(>M/U89*OK.J="$-#_73N-YH MDEF])C)%/@Y]/QT74I7>7N%$_XQ&M5JI)5U7RVU!I=F+:,JEX?#KM=K4WOGI M2N7T;9_12&XV=[+@N%]S;Y3+VMQDRE!VYB4\K%ZH 1'WOB\ M3?)!CS):R6UN'CF]-W6N5QB'86K_TY;BFZ*7^OTA.QR]?E=E5KW8?^72[MI1 MQ`&\-+>^J\RL^;[O^^VU/T@]K *B(NRDS B6HG[ M#8%*""KA$2I750$J$:@TY?[_6&PH++(!E1A4XF-BD36H RMSK)UFJ?QO; M"#:WF&^+0NJ=+>] /SM>5-H^D"\;T MF6W8@(:/X[0&#JF=`C9$ [/9[LR;=%%+3FLI:/8/. M%,D.'"AO> ].3U9 M9J#+=1Y&^KCS'C2Z.>6TM&G_Q?-@2. ?9@[N8T0TI#A])AVG&N9@ANZ("+N/=$@=B&/X-MCP;2&QU) M;R 42K>C=KMAUU>,9>HDXN#K+,6 MB6LR4N4UOKR3A4-KOW "Q/JH`LCA]@/76AW M0+C8S]"%D0/LASH/FK?I$$^$+N3!0=?\4.=.:BU!)T8G\N!`I[/TBCF5JK)+ M#^\#M%$+U$$CQ@Z^79UIXK]IW56FT^UB]"0/!N-)HDF"0A@/PAL[\-IX>#$I MF+R%$ '!41 M-@H^#\'F)7:@'@Z)Z]*VG,#O8.1@W;>X-$0;]4RX2"48$0\. ="T(FW[ M62 PLT M6H*MF@ MLMD?CZP2-WW029%I'@S% M\VX*=VE-T6,\&-*QBSQOM7.U/W]6*XP'D4X=I#MY7;]YBT\>XJ*N"70"'UE, M':8[0G#ZO5I+/LV!4-K1 ;@@GL!^)V@-A MZA+M'HN$79=R[F4'30@W,:F#=%]$_5^4?/1&ZB`]?-9";Z3(-`^X1N.FB_/' MKJ7,E_P5SOXTG['B)-T?Q\9O'R+/_P,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`!CR M591Y`@``N`4``!@```!X;"]W;W)K 0>62FE)+1QU34RO.2V]DVS))([G M1%+1X ;\D,\J.W/YP02\%T\JHRD9`1X+0RYR79$F`J G'PCTZC]%RW*;Z+C4&QHDVO`5JDG!WTH MW14XDPOO>]^`[QJ5O**[UOY0^Z] %&`#*G+_Z]%Z5M M .%^,V,Y8)?\$4'*@"B23`\D,9![LDVARG2;I_/\L M)"CRF6RHI46FU1[!=$!,TU,W:\D*F`\I''0,24%IF4/?.KAW`KD&;I^+]#HC MSU`D=H"L`P1&?(`DYXB[(\(5RK%N3BX(Z!K$0 @4S-608A)R9Y\O%N1FVS`4(WNGTK8)!8]B@ M,'>2ZYK?\;8UB*E=Y\>^R(;;L+AK6%P__60PP#[UM.:/5->B,ZCE%;C&T0(6 M2(?5"P>K>C\46V5AD_QG`W](#G,61P"NE++'@UONX9];_`4``/__`P!02P,$ M%``&``@````A`!@D-!*O`P``M`L``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE%9=;YLP%'V?M/^`>"]@")!$2:8FP#9IDZ9I'\^$.`DJ8(2=IOOW MN[:!V*:MVCPDX=SCZW,_;.[JTU-=68^XHR5IUC9R/-O"34$.97-:V[]_97=S MVZ(L;PYY11J\MO]A:G_:?/RPNI+N@9XQ9A9X:.C:/C/6+EV7%F= M#+[%P\1]718=H>3(''#G2J'3F!?NP@5/F]6AA`AXVJT.']?V/5IF"-GN9B42 M]*?$5ZK\M^B97#]WY>%;V6#(-M2)5V!/R`.G?CUP"!:[D]69J,"/SCK@8WZI MV$]R_8++TYE!N4.^I"`5[`3?5EWR'H#0\R?Q>RT/[+RV@\@)8R]`?FA;>TQ9 M5O*UME5 2/L.8ZY1L2E'% M:.%!,RKAB9H%WE@B;H5>5Z(*)B62G-F8BIT))":0FD"F`)HZ:'9%W9!\CJYM M"%+)M9&"K>0HJDP@,8'4!+(!X*V)QA1K`N$4/B.0H[I`%!A=NY4 M1QQY1JXE1XG#!!(32$T@DT`LNBH(/?B,FVAJ%Z^JY593K9EUR4%([N4YAGTG M[;=H$A-(32!3`$TL@E>_F=M9.%YCPFS*->[5;4^ZZ34(NYZ@")X@Z03)5$37 MS-\XMWX8^AGF'3.U*##>)-N>=).RZY%(U-4/>%UOA16G()DL2B KW%WPCM G+OG`2"NFB#UA,$2)OV>8CC&\L#T'R$="V/#`Y[IQWM[\!P`` M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`W"2#_CT$``"E#@``&0```'AL+W=O [N2GO2Z72[ M]YH0)T$%C#!INM_^QI@'/[#9MB]*^'L\_#PSC,WVTUN1.Z^TYADK=RZ:S5V' MEBD[9N5YYW[_]_GAT75XDY3')& >RO2][@KDOKE6CVDK*C`Q2'+L^9GZ]1U MBG3S]5RR.CGDL.XWM$S2WG=[8[DOLK1FG)V:&;CS)*B]YK6W]L#3?GO,8`4B M[$Y-3SOW"6T("EUOOVT#]".C-Z[\=OB%W3[7V?%;5E*(-N1)9.#`V(LP_7H4 M$DSVK-G/;0;^KITC/277O/F'W;[0['QI(-TK,25E.3P)_CM%)FH`EIZ\M==; M=FPN.W L ,S'7==(K;UCQGS1"G2OIQ.^ X#IZ^>B"8.EM5.`Z.GDOBB=#W*8&)TVR MW];LYD"]0Q!YE8BW!VW` 3+K!#EJ!84F']),QW+KR1$'\.ZNL^#!9;[Q72 MGG8VD;2!_X,-TBWBWD*D7KC%ID`4P0/2`1>RJ>#V5$(55+V_2`HJ@F\@]%-& M2/]1-\&V2;@*=1MBV_CKP40CAPJ:(!>J1BX%E3P,EH/'-EJQ.0F;`E$$#0(* M4(%HL[U Q,L3 ' M\?UA(H=;?@TWG,05JHEK\$329MGBSHV`WAG#_5C__A%%T-#$5CYVFS[E0C71 MC)J/I,TTVITQW(\-:(J@H:TGT82JHX5!H$ $R;V3:0;-;W^T9GI"+)::."+1NB M*CJ2:+PC4E])2/;C^]VC,QH?'%L*MA32*5K3&0I!9Q/==X)--F6=S:B7"$DC ME DH:1DFU6C@ZP-"2F]N(N.J6#+ MAG2*+*FUL8WI;**A3K#)/JNS626E-...S50P'/OU4(H/`:'\LJ3D*5\>)0M: MGVE,\YP[*;N6D#+1#`=U^+IX6HAC@Z''_@8.-+:._0V @*$^2R$:JCE9X:\:5C5'G@/K(&OAO;G!3X'*9Q`YS,P M/C'6]#?B` VX; M[PDS3FBW].,@\CW ;6][A`W18UM,-+_P5S_V[U\ 1;.0LBT M6FP)5"!M]QC>+?W[>%[%L1^N%LJ@WP2?N/'?XP=Z^L3(]BOI,+@-?9(=V%#Z M**E?MA*"Q>%H]8/JP'?F;?$.'1OQ@YX^8[(_"&CW5"ZI:0-W@F^O)7(&H'3T MK'Y/9"L.2W^2!=,\FL3)U/ PHD4"K!:,G#V8,A/,>R8F-YY#X[,.YF,$9 M:%`MV?>2KA9!S1S0IU6>S1;A$UA=GSF%YL"3,G!BF[&^,*3=,FWI`M7E/K*' MH'20"TZZ \MLAY&CCQTHS':9#;A5 !M',^CCD2I/'ZC-+O7HHC2F74;>*U)91:(XQ M$"Y0ND!E`):5^5B,,9TR^M9T:HXAQ@5*%Z@,P!(C]]_KZ^K25XFZCCB-*S0G MTU,Y4Q-I>[;6C*O,T@4J`[!4S2Q5;K]DU%7G3$*A.==[KUV@=('*`"PQ,6R& MAD=*C=$P%7ZK8V>2H6>$E".D,A%;DGR=C]L&&_S8&;=O9Y(I12^[(N6((\\. M,K5N=PR'*_@,[=;:]-E`;X8M9GN\QDW#O9H>.[6AKQ8#JL\D13R'C4KN2$,` M3@H]VN-OB.U)Q[T&[V!I%.3P8#-]J-`7@O9J7]I0`6 MCE)QN9`W&(Z3J[\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0";A`#F`P4``$`1```9 M````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T J96JJI=G@M 8C-[+>SW]Q9/WWY:([6 MN^R'NFM7MG`\VY)MU6WK=K^R__[K^2&UK6$LVVUY[%JYLK_+P?ZR_OFGIW/7 MOPX'*4 '4R_+[;2I.;J^ MY\5N4]:MC1H>^\_HZ':[NI)%5[TULAU122^/Y0C\AT-]&B[:FNHSZIJR?WT[ M/51= '",OJHGMZN%+?U%7?#=UN=$"= MBT2O; D MME3=$4Z"_U93JQP`T\N/Z?- 0OJ^3)'ERW\'3E (S>S`7YQ=X,UDU"HE`RZE1^77&)\B-C 8%#%&8B,030>0M%A*Z4#UWZ*I51C?E ML46,IAOY $,C-DB\(A- SC@GT3QB!+9^TK)3UO)R#3("?R4I3`DEH-HY(Q`:!+#;4Z &5NC3`5V?\IV4:79(@C9 MAI[OI%=T383OI4[&\K;0!Z&.)#`!E*_J[W?X8OLG?#/6 OO4,=10*FS4LD%@LS,Y))"8]"\('(R8MZ2 M*)2 4KNK\C*[Q7B9P M,)`JSQB97(-,7U[FR?(>:T@H`=7Y&0&S;G`P4'^QG,^%.3U^T!H1LG`L]*9) M0ACY-P:,$ ;N3Q.%A5]]:"J0*4SU*\0.=P@9XNH>Z\`-?:4[F7OY?]OFX'ZRAW ML-6##F5;/=Z`\6'L3M.UZJ4;X4([?3W`+Q42;B.>`^!=UXV7!_"A.__VL?X/ M``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`^0QE.-0,```T)```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H M965T OA(^$H5435"W2ILT3?MX M=L`D5@$CVVG:?[]K'*@Q4]>]A'!]?.ZYYUXPF]OGIG:>"!>4M1D*7!\YI"U8 M2=MCAG[^N+])D2,D;DM _'7H-IBS3#FK^'@U45+4C.BG-# M6JE).*FQ!/WB1#LQL#7%>^@:S!_/W4W!F@XH#K2F\J4G14Y3K!^.+>/X4$/= MS\$2%P-W?S.C;VC!F6"5=('.TT+G-:^\E0=,VTU)H0)EN\-)E:&[8)T'/O*V MF]Z@7Y1 V.U):"U9`)?IV&JAF`TO%S?[W04IXRM(C=*/$701@AYT"$ MO*=J+W**LY"L^:U!P95*DX17$KA>28+(7891DOX/R^+*LGQE"=TPC8(H_K MG'-,.$7D XV!&L?^Q*'5G_V`&68L-P(3 M& 7%&KMAQ[*C3FM3.!!=AK@-&9 M-W9,M*WFVHRI4:NVMMBR2F/B?F;2Q /CS5D"16 M^;LKZ#7+_AK1LL(DC1)[C-0QIJKK-VDE^E32;^&&\"/9D[H63L'.+8QC`"6. MT?$TO`O5>\(;%^",ZO"1?,7\2%OAU*2"K;Z;P*/"]7&F;R3K^G?\@4DXG?J_ M)_CL(/#*]5T`5XS)X48E&#]DMG\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"QO@+D M-P,``%T)```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T T& MGK=P&T1:6RFLV'LT:%F2'" Q>4-NN"0`:R[!;#96P_^JLLLMW-NJ_/;X)/7/MM\8J>/C%2?"4MAF)#FV0# M]I0^2>J70D*PV+U:G?4-^,ZL`I?H6(L?]/09DT,EH-NA7)+3&G:"3ZLA 1_+.4$@G.(G.P>8X' M3A"%?KCX#Q78K[>RN*@LG'D0+J-W>'%57GT]$B309LWHR8(9`^>\0W)B_14H MGPMQSF8L#30HE^Q'28]M.`60-`?T>1-YR[7[#+7.SYSM-<>?,G8#0]9;RB8F MD"H`/K5]HJE*=HMS/W) H$SWR:X9D>^-G$ENLTEN?0?GX=@P&86AU0JY7(2C4&]GJSCSL0X[ M$TA,(#6!3`,F[F#F;U1>HK$-25[:ZQM#LE4 ;AT24W,F]'DS6BJHI N],F5$;_-:&*H[DS@ :P-?.NOX)4K3\`8@$NO0P?\#;$#:;E5 MXQ(D/6 !.WZ2V-/!5QW_ (M[#I!+2L7P(# &ULC%?;CJ,X$'T?:?\!\=Z`N25$248#;,^,M"NM5GMY M)L1)4`-&F'1Z_G[*-C J=22S'-&B= MLV-1GW?FO_\\/ZU-@W=9? *UIURTM(RZX`_OQ0-'[Q5^4? [`7ZUQI*?L6G9_L]LW6IPO'6RW7"]G):P$WT95B!J`T+,W^7LKCMUE M9WJA%:P M^38*M M_0HYRGM,K#!0XB.&Z(AD0(C@A-MT)K"!V,@.(L;L/& EKQ3?@>B( MY`YBK4/2.Y!HA&A\/8WOD#0A%3R' *BXHP59@ID[4;:9QD(ME@Y MFD&TL$BQA?-^(`1ZVYTMD6( 4P2( M_&E'=+JB;SR@J]J*3G=Q8!2HSXL'Y:Z?B`1F1'&#*("[=B)TI,30.@ .M;(,>O`.AA-Y>,%_G-0F-P &ULC);;;N(P$(;O5]IWB')?0CBV"*@*(2?M2JO5 M'JY-,&`UB2/;E/;M=QPW-)XB-C=`/O^>Y)_QA)D_OA:Y\T*%9+Q %^_M7>'?O.E*1 ,5+6%EST5!%%R*@R 615;*)5F1=PA5$/)^JNXP7%838LIRIMSJHZQ39+#F4 M7)!M#KY?_1')FMCUQ:?P! A#.,P_ZV?.#]^!!I.5\Q\"!3KLCZ'[A M/OFS]-[UEO,Z/W\8/ ^3D2;/>-E122#672!=AR_JRER4XCV.Q]VAW6 M!?@AG!W=DU.N?O)S3-GAJ*#:8[TEXSG " MGQTX'7!/61%]UOR9#Y&UAR%\FP>YN(+ DUS4 ]4W]]3).$GHCKXRF57\,`@PV&(081!C$&"08I"U@ M69S:%AMK&O_O:!M-RQH&`08;#$(,(@QB#!(,TA:PK.F9L?5'W5C3&% #&,][-Z&4&EH**`UW3/)=.QD\E MO(!]:-8+O4Q\3P/]YO4N"S"(5>1`OQ-Q8*5T %-I$F)G-7"A>U>/0 MEBL8P>J?1QBM*?S!]GL@WG.NF@M]@\NPOOP'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(```` M(0"G3T!FRP(``/T&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T R`"58P1K;3M/_]SG9""(FV MO@"^C]_YSN L%#O8 L-9XB&(--;!_7?-.GVBB>`].4+7; M=W>%%!T@-KSAYLU!,1+%XGG;2D4W#>3]2J:T.+'=X@HO>*&DEI69`"[P&[W. M>1[,`R"M\I)#!K;L2+%JB1_(8DU"'*QR5Z#?G!WTX!OI6AX^*UY^Y2V#:L,Y MV1/82+FSIL^E%8%S B!Q1'A(=(?`^0D@T MB68)2=+_4P*_(Y?)(S5TE2MY0-`>$%-WU#8;60#9II`E4,K"*A^LUMF`6(/T M995-21Z\0%&*H\W:VT!/]S91;Q%`E#X4X,>AXK`/9;67H9)Q)&\R 9GI%GEZ03U6QTB6.7#VBD"0CF%=G3ATG27A.XZ( >G879K-=?L-.;;"L=L+/>UQ?!JST[RM+Y67_!SFZR MK73`/N_+L[W:L\E\%D[[V!=L.QG/W7BJB94.V./#\^HC>SJ/XMOL^4VVE5KV MN7OCJP[W-CY`EI(XO!T`1LVMW3OQ.,3YBOCZ'(U\TT2$D'B &ULE%A-;^,V$+T7Z'\0=%_)I+]BP_9B)3'M`BU0%+OM69%I6X@D&I(29_]] MAZ1$D4-CD^:0V(]/P\>9X1.9W>>WN@I>>=N5HMF'))J%`6\* '/-*-'P?_N!=^/GPZR^[FVB?NPOG?0`1FFX?7OK^NHWCKKCP.N\B M<>4-C)Q$6^ 7Y4#]553&>S55SG91/J"-OV(S'$Z506/!/%2\V; M7@=I>97WH+^[E-=NC%87'PE7Y^WSR_53(>HKA'@JJ[+_H8*&05ULOYX;T>9/ M%:S[C2SR8HRMOGCAZ[)H12=.?03A8BW47_,FWL00Z;`[EK`"F?:@Y:=]^(5L M&:5A?-BI!/U3\EMG?0ZZB[C]UI;'/\J&0[:A3K("3T(\2^K7HX3@X=A[^E%5 MX*\V./)3_E+U?XO;[[P\7WHH]U(^4H@*9H+?05W*'H"EYV_J[ZT\]I=].%]% MR_5L3N@R#)YXUS^6\MDP*%ZZ7M3_:A(90ND@=`BR`)G#.(WHPY(L5_\C"LRG MI,#?, Y#6(LIZYJB9"2: MLU&-05?1M$B=3F=X':$\9 FJ9&%R[`@C\*J[DS$%8TFH M3,E`TD6E&V]WFG%31P]A-N(*DXX]E1*GC&A#=]QC/JU16]A`T@(W$1I.S?"D M3T>=LLQLCJM/FO!/]&F/=O7A]P71I"&!RPBY7VK&)X'C$R/";(XK4+HQ$KB: M-BW19NT*1/Z:#*0I'ZF'9![";,25)!UWDC1N3Z*-&`19;P)DULE`LJ58_JWJ MG7D 5*:>0BS$5>7M.!)EVI[ MNVK:H5U]7JHL&]?O28*1S$.8C;B2I-E.DDS5M`>_4S7+J` PFS$E?)S+Z :[&N!SC^I(9GN\A!Y M037&H=7I^Z:^7]6\/?.45U47%.*E@;D(G*8,JN^Y"=G"W0?FB,T`W#ZO^9G_ MF;?GLNF"BI_@43B!@4NU^J*JO_3BJNXW3Z*'>Z?Z>(%_*'`X^L\B()^$Z, 2B)$ BW%V7SZ:VGNG':]8 MN_?)//0]VA;L7+67O?_7GZ^SM>]QD;?GO&8MW?O?*/>_''[\8?=@W1N_4BH\ M\-#RO7\5XK8-`EY :8OOUTK(N/]6P[P^RS`OENW]X R\H/#K@_0WQ5] "^0B_%^US$LD5PGT,N9OM>1KG[;?.N], MR_Q>B]_9XV=:7:X"5HKE](+5H(5/KZEDX4"\\@_$J,[BNO A0L2Q;YW MHER\5G*N[Q5W+ECS#XK(X`J=1(,3^'[@>$3^MY/%X`2^!R>$S-=QO$S6J\^C M+` \-!1B 'I0W;)_? AV@.(='Q MA;054OTBY7L?&A`BQ\'Z?@AWP3NDJQ@4*2K@4RN(K .0IT9FX^U MFUZ1HF*IZ3/7 ($7%LJ\7$B9QM':J)E,*C6`8+(1D$D%:;82-@X`*B5`>9C,2 MS190EJ4LX!EQM)G2:AC#8,&L)F&DU88ASG93E)@Y(6Z7*(F&,`P6A'P;CAVL MZD):'0BG*U*46!!.6V1*HB$,@P6QF8205@=B;"OL!Y3$?6DLX?WKC& /Q-QZ,T.@]N3@P;K,PJ)RZ#'=1A,BTTAS[+G;!`\XLPV)6Z?#AHK M'VZG:LU(@I[[`-DD\DB;(,&3SB)QVY6@!DE.?6J %RLP[73GT?S5DV$>S,(%(M0Z39+I7(V7 *5''X_B&>8Z)THPDAL7.CCSH)DCP_+-(GAK9."/[XR6#ZRM& M:5P7+:N^ &ULE)A;;ZLX$,??5]KO@'AO MP"20BY( &R1SHKK59[>2;$25`!1T";GF^_8VS`'J-NVX>V^?%GF/_X,CC; M;^]E8;W1NLE9M;/)S+4M6F7LG%?7G?WW7_'3RK::-JW.: WLMUV!_LGIHU'^MYH;>R1U M?OZ15Q2J#>/$1^#$V`N7?C]S!# #S"%->=W[ RB=^\(54(.G.SW*,XL\6GK] NNW7>8,`RJ3F8&J(KCKV"#QH/&V(0"0"_A^ I'@10,_.&>)V9XX1BI4O"" UH0X'\'(1F,53IB$&(081!C$&B`"U-6$83:7*Z ML\'M,&/6>&(*R;*;M@M7_N@C $+4YU M6P1/@X/0!,(7 NN#4DD)(HY#!(%:.:"27. &;&X0>W1_VU?FG'&"0*T-S`1JD,5;=ISEU(4>R1 M_*KN"IJ.7NR#T(R5/&(08A!A$&.0*$!+E[_ZC'M\GR:G_[>NA49)$X,0@PB# M&(-$`5J:Z\DT. OKN('H5'2Q"#$(,(@%D!.INF%GWRLT +&9*'J' ML1W4V`Y2I/@Q2&B0R""Q)`1>QWBG7LVWX"Z(GW"V^=(MNF+=: E1O4K[AI):&@B@\22B#$DZSG?#_`VEZBWZ09XIYPP(!JH:B!8HT9\($(T MYGLT2&B0R""Q),)!0";S5QZEY\_[Y9@_WI6(:*>JCZ4;H&U)BE0?2A?N%EMH M:"))^GF&BA/CRS/ SQU_$$3^0#1RS@#O#!3@MW],K_3VMKWG56`6]0$AW MMH1Y5XN#M?C0LGMW4#RQ%L[)W;\W^`*$PLG-G8'XPEC;?^`/&+Y2V?\'``#_ M_P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!:`\OA'@4``*X3```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T M =G9__P=/:QMJV[2\I3>1,EW]B]>V]_VO_^V?1?52WWEO+'`0UGO[&O3 MW#>.4V=77J3U3-QY"7?.HBK2!KY6%Z>^5SP]M8.*F^.YKN\4:5[:RL.F^HP/ M ^MR#[CKDBKE]?[0R:*.[AXSF]Y\ZMU M:EM%MOE^*465/M]`]T^V2+/>=_N%N"_RK!*U.# HB5+-C\ZC`Y[VVU,. M"F38K8J?=_83VR1L;3O[;1N@?W/^7FN?K?HJWN,J/_W(2P[1ACS)##P+\2)- MOY\D@L$.&1VU&?BSLD[\G+[>FK_$>\+SR[6!="_ED$S N9UTV4R[&VE;W6C2C^4T:L )T3N'9.F#?S MUDNV]+_@9=YY@>OHY:M3671.X#HZ^?)40'H;%5@.O9?E;.$M5^M/A,51(6Y3 M$Z1-NM]6XMV">H =S8':,-/BV%O(U$NW`0:A`O!_>(Z_7IA>H@D;#\TEGK!9+TT_R93- M^"P'`C5$"XI)BU8?%$EE4'HY!P7TV7OF,X\3%FO3))@P0>I":K)BKNDFHC;^ M?%37AC^F-BL7Y2R9LAE5&5&"Q3(1)4EA)1LI19H/RF8Q1/*(08!!B$&$08Q! MH@%CWK`^)^8MZ UBG[O#VI9WL=`QPVVE')3-.)DC!@$&(081!C$&B0:, M^?O&_/OE)^E'A:5LM'EC$&`08A!A$&.0:,"8]VIRWI*B>+MH91Z4C39O#`(, M0@7\MA:74&KM']H4\*`8@T0#AA3Y8VSL%WT*),52T#9[4#::%`P"#$(%&%,+ M:SF;KWL][96%#Z@^(^PBQB#1@"'LT1"&UX:\BP7Z9E`/RD83B$&`0:A`+Q!^ M^Z*-) 2W5#^F6DZFD:N/Y\P"CJC,10A(1$A,2&)3DR9LI..,O&NP%2C->2Z MI."T;MPVT6,W;)QV0$A(2$1(3$BB$U.(;*FCD*'@5*?]H."T=MP)P"2`]SBY M08Z20D(B0F)"$IV8`F1OG1"@6JZ9`5)P6E_N!&`2,$Q"0J*.J&[4URTJW)@, M2SX89LJ4?7="IFK'IDS %'?KO55B9>2]CT/6AF`QV.99X\^4:$^(%MX+T9N#/ WKA?Z35)2]KZ\;/X-*=K6!Q5NJ\17UIQ+U]\W\6#1R?M!^O &PO=V]R:W-H965T NJI&`558YH6`UO,B$KJN%1YJYJ)*-INZ@J7=_SEFY%>8TMPT:^ MAT-D&4_8O4A.%:NU)9&LI!K\JX(WJF>KDO?0550^G9J;1%0-4!QYR?5K2XI1 ME6P>\UI(>BPA[Q 2*%$IAV@ [% MZH>V`=\E2EE&3Z7^( A/8M!W!AYCV`2` M4Q!]WD4DW+K/4.JDP^PM!OX'S'(53#&''F-Z!$X&.U"AD9U>U42-JFF/L;&W M@;%$1)8SB4N,/R`FFI#V%4T3A69/LE@-!-:&Q02#K\,H,)$(KDJ8:(S!YU"H MR)L5:F\Q45OJP.M^4QL'BVEM3%2ACU :M MEFTI#G;%I8?EQ$,[7PMO&"?S=NYEUL>]Q?1>X$@FL_0MX%(ZFDCWLV2B,TD2 M31GW%C/JZR@PJ;#Y&KSMGE["1/\U.A8SDA@%)A+KJQ(F.L]B/CH6,Y*P@6Z6 MR-*V=$C=JMH3TQX1%9,Y.["R5"@1IQJFE$#GANAP4-_Y9@>XPPLX/QN:LV]4 MYKQ6J&09+/5@B#"2]JBU#UHT[0%T%!I.SO:V@"\B@QWN.0#.A-#]@Q$8OK&[ MOP```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$EFW632`@``QP &ULC%5=;]HP%'V?M/]@^;TD#B0!!%2%JENE39JF M?3R;Q"%6DSBR36G__:YMH'9@:GD` F92 H*EZP>U'L M6]9I1R)90S7X5S7OU8FM+3Y"UU+YM.]O"M'V0+'E#=>OEA2CMI@_[CHAZ;:! MOE_(A!8G;OMP0=_R0@HE*CT"NL@9O>QY%LTB8%HM2@X=F-B19-42WY'YAL0X M6BUL0'\X.RCO/U*U.'R1O/S&.P9IPSJ9%=@*\62@CZ4IP>3H8O:#78$?$I6L MHOM&_Q2'KXSO:@W+G9HIA6A`";Y1R\T>@-;IB_T]\%+72SS.1FD>CTF28K1E M2C]P,Q>C8J^T:/\Z$#E2.9+D2#(&F\?QR2B9IB3-WF>)G"/;R3W5=+60XH!@ M>X"FZJG9;&0.S*:%20I1%F;PSHQ:#)055)]7.9DNHF 8)$1LKB#> M2"(P M;1AKA\EM#+-)2@B!\Q:'/C8^*$_2A&3$!P56)E>MF&IH)4\&*FN'R:R5=`H" M]C.PXH,FQFH("JS`-KR2BJD.K9!09>TP7O!>(9#(KDJ8ZGMKZS">A% "=1A/PBL$$G"+^NV *=2P"@YN/,IA\TEW$;L'+7I[?VV%AGO5_JWAA &ULC%7;;J,P$'U?:?\!^;T! MFUN(DE1-JNY6VDJKU5Z>'3#!*F!D.TW[]SNV$P*DVNU+`C/'9\Y V%2 [E?HU\^'FSGRE*9M06O1LA5Z8PK=KC]_6AZ%?%85 M8]H#AE:M4*5UM_!]E5>LH6HF.M:"IQ2RH1I>Y=Y7G62TL(>:VB=!D/@-Y2UR M#`OY$0Y1ECQG]R(_-*S5CD2RFFK0KRK>J3-;DW^$KJ'R^=#=Y*+I@&+':Z[? M+"GRFGSQN&^%I+L:\G[%$ IUSYF @4KZ:'6/\3Q*^/[2D.W8W,D%S5$@E^OX68$('/Z:O^/O-#5 M"H7)+$Z#$),8>3NF]`,W9Y&7'Y06S1\'PB `',)H4HADKFQGEGO!8#9@76EW5*HJ7_`D7) M3YB-P\!(]Q@R1FS?0 C60XU1-&/1JC'>L)L8]CQ6\ E=9A4EOX M,(W2)+K4S:4W1)`L)2&)>YDC$3!G@WS/(HQU*N)"X$KJ,(D5$459C(.P#^%$ M#!$A29(L2'O$2$3RK@ACG8I(>@(GPF& 6BC`28Y7^Y<>=.&.M4P"3%C W0#5[`K8*=-K%O M8;=:N]\[8.5U=,^>J-SS5GDU*X$RF*4P'])M1_>B16>O\4YH6';VL8*/&(-+ M%,P`7`JASR]F__:?Q?5?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`9.L_:Z,"``!G M!@``&0```'AL+W=O MA^ T; M;]$KE8J)+L.A%V!$NT*4K*LS_.OGX\T6(Z5)5Y)6=#3#[U3AV_SSI_0LY(MJ M*-4(&#J5X4;K?N_[JF@H)\H3/>U@IA*2$PU#6?NJEY24=A%O_2@(UCXGK,.. M82\_PB&JBA7T010G3COM2"1MB8;\5 F/"T9.#!E M1Y)6&;X+]X AV-`FTX"C$"\&^E2:$"SV MKU8_V@9\EZBD%3FU^H J]",S:S$J3DH+_L>!PH'*D40#";P'DG#MK:)DL_T?EGA@@??( M$GTT%=_9LN5X()KDJ11G!%L,$E /PZRF!`^SP$)JM9`: M_9EHAB'CJ5[;*+F0 89S%5?A/ 9B;L#[W8XI[*F!]JV M"A7BU-E3FJ=3=+IG[B+3.7^:@./?DYH^$UFS3J&65K`T\#;@5+J;P@VTZ.WY M.0H-!]]^-G"A4]BB@0?@2@@]#HS`]!>1_P4``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A M`&G'Q:9/!```70X``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULC%=; MCYLZ$'ZO=/X#XGU#S#U1DJI0[6FE5CHZ.I=G0IP$+>`(D\WVWW?L,6";;-J7 MW>#YF/D\E\]F\_&MJ9U7VO&*M5N7+):N0]N2':KVM'7__>?Y*74=WA?MH:A9 M2[?N#\K=C[L_/FQNK'OA9TI[!SRT?.N>^_ZR]CQ>GFE3\`6[T!8L1]8U10^/ MW ]YY:T\\+3;'"K8@4B[T]'CUOU$UKGON]YN(Q/T7T5O M7/OM\#.[_=E5AV]52R';4"=1@3UC+P+Z]2"6X&5O]O:SK,!?G7.@Q^):]W^S MVQ=:G )-_K]5A_Z\=8-X$27+@/B1Z^PI[Y\K M\:[KE%?>L^9_!!'E"IWXRDD`-)7=7_AI1*+XUUX\9"1W\KGHB]VF8S ,QC&BRM$(A)9"6"*(E, 8I65K)RW1RF$T>#13)GH?6@L-HLK!;+$*.2D2[]*9!,5HYV9!E'\5@R M@X8X(Z:Y'%I"K-KA@]$!U@(Q*GP8AE,`#*_;C98QXJ_NQA>K=OS0BH\8K>NU M!2,$` MZRTBU&>JZFS'*$XZE?FH21];=YBU))[D"^MK`$B23.UIID.(D "6J5S MF .OF*&>RQV!)4*.F$Z M@6:'G`+I$S@(G'V\D_NB)I=M5;&Z*5,@;+70MYH@5V8L`,SG-!3FADU9F_7; M7-_N#."@9^+V$P2)*7\Y0;-J!1*M)H!!Q;^C?MK\2;.=%.LDR13HW0//L+][ MXOFF,-I)D6:;B97_3($4$W\FD,H^9(60Z50RLV(JY#"$ `\(%FO8.0`-[R\6[ '6Y2$`=.OP\P(>>7>1%=L]ZN.W+GV?XC*-P1UPN M`'QDK!\>Q!"-'X:[GP```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`#5YZO//`@``\P8` M`!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULC%5=;YLP%'V?M/^`_-[P M34@4J)J@;I4V:9KV\>R``:N`D>TT[;_?M4THD$CK2X*OSST^]UQSV=V_MHWU M0KB@K$N0NW*01;J 6-O;&!*=P6%"I3M M%B=E@A[ Q[*R\.W3#Z/XMM%.E* M,BQQNN/L;,'M@#-%C]5= ZXLN2P#&23P.Q,Z-K$H\N9*IH@ M4#XV(0B#4;1V?6\P:]U&WPN=>.'>80IPPXWK+5J=30'>.H[#\8291+CD-R2J MZ%+B.X&1:#"1EN@%7KQHS6&Z[[J;8+&?3?>] :/V'* 9P,[7,0K)>OTY')F$( MZ &ULE%A;CZ)( M%'[?9/\#X7V@"B@N1IV,%Q1UD\UF+\\TEDI:*`-TV_/OYT`I5AW,IKL?&OG. M5X=SIXKQ]X_B;+SSJLY%.3&I14R#EYG8Y^5Q8O[S=_PM-(VZ2 A8EGY@_ M>6U^G_[^V_@JJM?ZQ'EC@(:RGIBGIKF,;+O.3KQ(:TM<>`F2@ZB*M(';ZFC7 MEXJG^VY1 _: MBNPSZHJT>GV[?,M$ XKGE^ M/#60;=8NR )Z?H6"XA+'68:+[QNXKQ=:QK9 M6]V(XC])HC=54HES4^*"F3>Y8SDAH\S_@A;OI@6NO99/FP#&=G[`M5_\93_\ MFY)`5?)E/Z"%.E/@VIOR:3^BVV*X]HN_[`>%>I%9A LC!\$:1,XE?:!:L1XH)]`?-7M"T1GS( SE@.&;Z+W(Z' M'"?4U:R&%-]U=,[Z& 41QEJN80I]W^Y;,4P M196"9@S9,Y, . M;^&)";'LNYDQ%.F9Y`3=/*!>Z`6X>.8Z@T0>+IV%QG`]XA'4+TN-X02$A(]T M=D,DUA@T8`[NEI7.("R*D(ZUQB!^Y`8HU8G. P7I\>*H^9I$1RIENX\>>JF%@X>0M53*U!;:IB M8N':B)$85Z8N9BAK:R1&JQ-=3)#?&U7L69Y'U#_TJ*U*IE:$6GRGBHFE;+JT M','!X%F.6ACE"(WGF:3T.4*NS%4QY`BM7JABR)$'[T+E3Y\V2Y4,&4.Z8EV, MCP0K7:QTJAPENMA#XSG1Q8.,J6+/PAN+K2JF5HB"!$?V-LPRA@2.N$H(X.=C MJ,J4R>.Y/$(5O#KR.3^?:R,3;R7LCQSHEAZ57P5F=`3'$#A-('P#7PLZW.X% M =.(2W>R>!$-'-^[GR?X+,-AUTDL M(!^$:.XW\&"[_]`S_04``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL` M`!,```!X;"]T:&5M92]T:&5M93$N>&UL[%E/;]LV%+\/V' UC1"SF67"72(6=L#/F-^-"0/E( F"\73-\!3!*&=:Z]=;5W9R^@;`U#*NU^MU M>[6 6\/7.=K?;=/`&9/'-)7S_2JM9=_$&%#(:3Y?0 MVJ']?DH]ATPXVRV%;P!\HYK"%RB(ACRZ-(L)C]6J6(OP?2[Z`-!`AA6-D9HG M9()]B.(NCD:"8LT`;Q) __/QY.1`R:"'1BR^?_/;LR8NO/OW]N\ *1R5D1SBB!4- M?A.KL$S(P5SX15Q/*O!T0!A'O3&1LFS-;0'Z%IQ^`T.]*G7['IM'+E(H.BVC M>1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0."QB/Y!3"%&,]KDJ@^]Q-T/T._@!QRO=?9 )]R)W\& ] M;=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+]PEDQ?(6]:Y"OZO0WEM?H5?E\L77Y44IABJM M&Q+;:YO..UK9>$\H8P,U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!O -29#`P "LS-:OI$1!M]=A5M-"G9E;S8AFBJ+#+5=9 MF]B (K5"MQ:FNP; \G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O2]U,8A;`?9.OA`W[4Y/9 M9/G"FZU,,3 V^I+!3!Q(AU0Z6H0T-,Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/,>E$*E%2C MLTFQO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK,+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR,T8C-Q@,'].E1! MGS&5 LY;6TSY1;G-.F*EV(&9\ F_W4`BA;JI)6@8,[F3\N>]I M!HT"W>04\\VI9/G>:W/@G^Y\;#*#4FX=-@U-9O] 2!=(.SB"QLD.VF#2I*QIT]9)6RW; MK"^XT\WYGC"VENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&, 6QE ?>>:9F=TE15Y_^^RYRB A*\TS'5U,+ MKSR+8L0SPX_[W845>#LS=AX :R;5FX[>5$Q M[SE6&$3!-KX$ >X 0=W_3L]!-KTW4>0H=];&MZCON2OCUA;R0:R#[G.1`1]J:6CC#L.`\, M3>[3@L'@?)JR=[!/'KADLC>;?3)_/.(3-]:L?:Q3^./&2KQH]DO86%5=5#@\ M9:PB5FB *@,8`DGED4'4K .]X=J2\MW]2O@\\TV?$XJ:6?)KKR9SP6LV_]9_LT(F9V8H5 M+M*]+15:$6JAZ"95>=>Y=#YW&L!T#E].UY*%I$D8=6[F!JK3I`-EU1G``CK) MR!Y5BMZ& 6E]6Y&-$A6!C%KUWGT4_GMM%^!RLE*W1VB>SS` N[9%R$C-4'"HH:HX:QGI_!Z-WM MZ7J99)\FT/V)`3^"D;Z>L1_!1@WXWUH8IUF/UD6!+.PIL ;K>>%T51%,`,$R^EB>34!("-]D0PU*((I`)C/ M9HO9>#G1X?])73P_`M& "*_!<>E01`DE110@D136950O,5=BBEIRK"(&DJ"($DJ(J;/*95>"E M]*@B!)*BBA`,'=5\6;6^NS.2C;'JS*Q^?IPLNF#M^!"$&UBUYB>MQG-8MZ7O MW5R[]C:&I7;H/#ZQ?^-@!_]]".(8SH;=7&\ 3JW01)6AHS]XX>Z_J73'V M4:T`C8S;=L 3E4?!M@P%J-1NCU+':?9(`)^1#''0:!C MJGRV'G*$T=9CNOH*]:62&[ -WET.>/% M=@(KST>0'/#-?;P?#!@H/3#' R*0[,F"S;=3^P. M[-!(+I]*ADC>-6" 5=R'JT.S[0& MSS@S1,%SROAZS?C`$YF/4\:'_;.C001>I(X/XB*/+U(/[$*V3-00`BSJ)CPB M$ &ESY/8EF5&]!Z"7-\*(!P$E#UI58624&A1TRK:0` M7C108$#7%=/RQG4U7QHAJ.@"AI(1*`--C(A3):JY,&8)H)F16X'S$"0*5HID M0P`X4B"@0(PE]5_8*BS*\EA2!\9JD-2",02N!P^8$S@27(>4A`'P2,D*)$BN M8PQ(`X(@JT(B-4QDE4B,05:-+$,QD54B$019%1)'0E:)Q!ADU4@4"EDE$D$` M1J142!P)62428Y!5(\M03&652`1!5H5$D9B>N41J>-LTW41%^Z?C\:+7!JKR MO&W=21W7K9H@\/GAZ?(I73I",)+%%%I+LR]`FNQ";[9YJCP%H?,SK#+9%R$M M>,,.5?8=V=BQ\#L_A>;NWGZ&M6AZKNYY6[_9"TCR#8Y#-?((:S&5X\-6MJIT M&5PX/R=@.9V(5L^357WKSOR!,OC=[5:%M()@NSNR,;"TD(V!Q3O#(%R&@M(4 MNF0.D:Q.T7+!-$''I-4*`XAEQ:>EFK5J%0W.EA/R!@=7?CF#8W6R:Q&ZU6SA M@3@-#G3O7W1H&CJ:PKX*PA(MO:RDJ UN+7MBN3LSV$XU&F&! X)VZ)!*=?DFK,:$0P!Y2=.&F2PFUVO@:.;UX)]=7E,.'N@DYN!T/K\/,$ M"N=POF3M0L^D%B%H1(B4SH:P1>NDLM>+,I1]Y]![I_`A+)S`1)"3]O:&F 4-K 9-"E5=,-*;&L M=D-*,,D]$A W"&J-Y]2`P3_Q()T@/?\T1>+]SS)]5FG4E]PW*QQ#- ]ARKITZ1N =U4?7R+[52^:Z">KI6\9XS.PTHTH M#),Q"E1T"VR>4C+`5A(_U_QJ/;%2MSRO5K0!J&,L9M]9XN((+_B67MN"N@3J M]-$:]I7:B!___YXJ)_/.*ZXVYKAZI`VGBPK@WI%$T1'A=!K\,SNO6;N37JG_ M/!GD0HICU6?CNDX[U>9)AM0I7G7ELE*A>'XZ:+>AIA1[U=U.Y_.3I1:D9YWD MG8*[&F&>8AXX.?I8D-0E`1-A=F$8WF'F>1X`;X]B)U6_;3T1DPD MDE MM,(F(SC:`MEKBW4O-8K$=X[R+39;6A`*R&XBGP"$D-R5W43*>DB`$SU(%W[U M`$XB `PZ"1%G-\ M'^\P5 ZJ17*`R7`,:B'\H%D*]RH-0E$@'N``TH^3S MGX2GFD5%AZ\Y541!!H^[.=A)YJ'U:@!5J$=%68./%R7[`B"_U ]0G M+,?:^E2%VSV)>G%.32J9I/=M6$/F4LV.7$WP.63L.Y&\5"FQEQ'M%MA\AI$! M"@EOE :'"&GY@ 0+Y@GMIZ:M(%,&R/;`AS1+;@/!59 MMZ8X>-,1*LES-/$>`/$\>(!0=YE4 =OHE[ "M?02/3KE-W\SNN=-DJZ@L$ZB?V!: FX"VR!7>8[VRK6.A.V4W72KYT6%9TQ56L M1*8\]S,B]_JQ.":W)RQQ,9 (`K8% -5/B6J/+52QHO7MT[4=VJEC!380Q[I\`>Z1T6, MICR[.I'=6W.3=Q9>,*S/4&"L3=?:NR9[O$=NB&W/(H?8G5%)EIYLZZ.RAD>? M%(;X?&!ME&+H[GGGFKX9!^&+PFZ/5YCC@SXCFOMC$!0 NFF'CG^!_M#:\ CY.3R*;[*'?8)6D4X'_9QXA&=A0RPL[P4(S MJU2L!X"HC;TU]VY\7_QQI9:__SEYR"*(*?O4=\ZG($Y,K-3R]W?LZ960Q;"W M`^7F701/1(1_E7WHK-3_W-W.EV_NC,G%8G2[N-"G]NQB.;M] O=*TR'JR/3.Z]!PK#*)@&U]:\%#,8+MU+%N+ M=B$4E>C)MF//U2:CT5);:IZ9/(\.C+R*7/A4F#F;@?]0OK=2T8L4?O+(.H`- M]_#*G=`B]@RJ#VR0F_\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!]U>@T*'H``'C/ M`0`4````>&PO VWWT?(.^P0*C1%$#2 M)"7*4MO-#9FR>C-;E@6+=J?1R,5BU2*YVL6JZCI(HJ\:01XA-P$20.CK/(7R M)GZ2_/YCS#G7L8HERU+W1O)]2=IBK34/8X[#?QSF6%_^RYOK4?:JF,W+R?CW M6P=[^UM9,1Y,AN7X\O=;WY\]W7VXE 7G\VGLR(?SJ^* M8G$]^NQP?__!9]=Y.=[*!I/E>/'[K M?[DX?C(9+*^+\2)[/!YF7X\7Y>(F.QW[!*P[V_[^Y9/LSMTO/UL =7Y S?+#X+^UAP\Z^*RY+/ 0:I:/(-&P>)/]6W'3?NYD.9OQ3/:TG`]X[D]%/A.)LB?YHC-=&/-I M.2IFV0D/7$YFG0&?Y;/+(GL\&!0\Q3-#AN:_VO,FTIS=3#L3'>SO_MO*%UX4 MLW*BL^]?9!JXOJ.G +R>#'G>SE53XKYMFWRX6)$7*UXK4_%J/1[H_CR6M>+?(YTC;,3N?S99>, M?RHZVPI3_S`9+<>+?';C].\\]GRR8O+($=\5T\ELP2)9?K[HDB_,\V)Y/BH' MV=/1)%^T1SR9C.>343DT-M`HA0@VSR87V;=3 9/-I,2@ORO4B?J^]T+K\'[9_ M/$4)7A=&!5M_MEILORM>%>-E]TQ.)JA(=CU;\?LW^>S'0K1NSWU6#*[&D]'D M\B:##MF0]T>3J:C8?O(/Q1B*CNRQ?'A=CDUQ+,I7'>D*I.=@2]M9>Z1O1 %+#S@J.Q)U;^KH7;`77&;+_R;**S'#.B:+$LYU /1M4\^+Q;A]_;:OLYG8Q8U MSV# W9CD%Z4HZ64HZ;/?W'HKR\XO'='/N "^!-F@XS53,[XJW\U=Y. V#XX>W-WA?Q\\^IS_E2C=.;H'%D'RT'02 M[U''!)]-%B@"%[DU.^]LH(=(W6?Z-/K* 3?'XEB_9Z MI7&R)R[LB8O9Y#H#Z,J R +7OY=[YVB\^^>');4M\4B"^@S+(($*0MR:'5)S`X@:@ M\-=E:0;2A*4$`HTO2QBA`X`,E.V>YW,(+"E!A?GX*^S9UR`0S),D\QQ;>U$" M9.SLYT)W/0.U">9 %W [Y8S@97,)(IC\B*MJG$ MC>V5.2GZCZ$QW/P*,=L%:EUS[%I]K_$!X0R*8A@Y4E9%(OD+WL51#\9H\Q'2 M^2PE3'!G'YW;%&B?S44YSE&'ZU5H HO)QN UCX?]T5VVP\AO%.WV0[ MZ.;+ [J$6#.S']J:!T#IUZ4;(3L$;1MI(U*,_Y)M M/Y^@%AYTG,QW;]^];6_2`-C59#0DY/Q__O[S?_W?/_^WOQM\6]QTV/C%+`(C M0UMX1/M[^_L'2-@L0\\LBR^R@_V=_7W[O]$MSI ,IKL]QWF. %]D8N.S!.>EH;)AT2\VKSM:^W]Z82"3GW*-^/2M]\`%+Y=W[!T 7G?I:]W)!\/W9\PBU,.=TU%3TN\R_:608[+ZR5. M,@N86/P(DPIFCX$!][6E]PFEM5_^KEC@)O,FVMIB+.T'G"F-GOW\TO]"C8N- M5N\QP$D] ^R>CLG3F,"N?J4FN6XI M(&!= _"KALRA6KEM3_NV@O?/N&PJ:.LO X_VS]\1M\T(`+[.9\,. ?2[H`)P(*>AUQ&@]^GYKOG?+XVO6?-NK+5:^_\MGZKSZ[>PR M'\=PF^#)R^7UM=)[L,]+XM4DO0;*$X ;%[%6Q=8Q_>#$J"> YTK!#:8S$A0 M.N(@YKN\)##_[NWAHYWLX-&CSVTC^()Y"I4I+*K@\'16CMZ]/;AOSSW 9[/9F-AC__[7_,Y5P;/YO7-L9S79#6#KDD_LF#/V:OR\55-H%K M,R :M`%[5J(2/V1QM2-I&2V-D?&'B(^`0Y$V'MHA5>D%-;G12:]?%`H! M*J0TNI[O90XUY@1GQDC>8G"%*Y]=+_U_8; *#=ULRBO"_N/U[`Q_X6X M!2:2 *$;"W6]_OO=S;NKN3 M^%Z[)-50*)M)Y'>^EQ@U51.M5EUG-55"//CCL-@5)$N+6J=H/E05S*P`Q))H M\^+2XHT[V1/\-R+H@RK=(T5->'ILYD*,E?).8J;T/,3D2++K_"^P(#`:IM5Y M)+V.LHW5$9E`,Q$%I=0XJ[Z3\U3H?$G]%,S'\:.HQ! K5^Y2SV0G:JDIH0NC6B0RH/";NL2\DA/S&ATZ2+R97R5Z]Q;D8WNQ0: M21BA9CDL31'L^:$*[$ITSST4Z>K%\N&*% @M15CG5Z_S'(A/_VRZ,C`0.EQZV M%W8``.8>*Q?Y78(@+>E*RZLQ@P $&8RQ![4P:;E,,4X?U%Z0$EG MV875!&KP9CV%.Q54O;'R'$U;Z1`10E0(N>LO;-/*G(-X+5=B!H] %T9^3:3886(Y GV9TQ"\M-EBT))S]NN9Y\;KA2LPF M8UB8""J'$0U;'&*U03P=9]^P&E75[MC**U>BYJ=@C"DJG@WGV5 3=?3!_QR*68.@^^`TU-@/(Q]]YL9X3\00^5*4N.E.* MYF3)::,K@!!GDRGF\,%^#'K+)*^!_QO/WW\NJ.Q2T(MS&,JBP3G%&UA/(EK3 M?N(-)RGZ$ 04KPEG4/,T04\(C D MQ\`AHH\]LKH:1(@Q3!P,FIG%3JE(+1,X")-WIL:.+>35%::4!>KT N\#@ M0!KE)*]:=)4\S"_`-%7.@(B[B/5@+R/`):PQ])"-QAY/%L+:6"&S?6?0Q8[' M1472R,)STH=4I;+5Q6Q2E6YI6T7.@4)U%N;KX!](+'H/W:'#:[YA_"?BHP(4 M F?'L\ZF?%BZ!/SD2/10M!1:B`DJ]D8$JOJ=C82DA-L :)."Q\$)A$9_>SKX_NQR]S.6'P/ M&E\ 6SCQ=53:Q6F_I#*-"CFPHGSC57X@^5/8M9DL_Y6FH M`!D&'$+4(3I:H:#"$&]'2_5IJ/ &^@8,)`X2Q65Y `5N?N-;203:$,-!ST(RX(2-@\\4CTT";@U9>UU`[.7 *F6(HU;9']9 M#B_9K\N 91[BRPQ M)S!Z8,;-4, 1>=E9=2LI5]6>ZW&6M8D?O8:DKLY%J;'(D+_L(&;;$I1 MLHI*G7#MXY!I+& WG.X2U8*S MS)[.BI#8:0@2;T;A.P8%GH:G% 'F!%(E..EVY@#G+HP)Z/A5C M(OTQ2`+F%B.!\ (QGQ[@ZY?M MM([&G_&H/%ZD7Y*!,V*F$(5K/32QAR/B/87F0]'L `>:^!:Q9!I]TFYHGL&4@V ML*I0LUK&,'!J[6`P;;!Q`E6.DDW-@R`Q%&;-:R7M!!?]#D7O>IOVQ^"_7=;H MQ!W[H>R9[=\#FU&#.%=&P0C!)ADB'4OK\EX@8ZXH52X=P$XY5F09XLJSK=U] M#3I7\&@*P,7+PW3^KA,?_?EO?V_IG_ZE/Q4PCGI$GG/RG*8P14G2)1(L9%&C M#YYM@[? Y9C:>C@^#$PRQ#FD32'M+NV9B#I[MNUY[E/OF/GU:(`Y MM29>9CTTML(G U)N\7PNYZX&+ D+IW, M.GG]V-39[W_HIUA`2V+@D@H7S2UT*DT+Z8JA;ZMGC18?$I225\%5J]R6U3G\ M8\;7,LU^5+:+A*$@SGDM5'M3,;)/&G P=[3@ MQ7*D,AJI/&=#@Y../GQ^?KFLEA:7K?6QH^1CP>-D,(R]-,Y*RQX"S7"DIV+E M`R57#IV4UR ]3H*) M?=9[8;+?-)]!R^C>)!>A?G=,"%P$)U2(^XBA5CL`R_*YGQ=9D^TI=!I]!&EW MC)'!O5IZ6:]"VQ"11T9YCO_'? $PN_MR?F,9+NG#VJY*XL%&W;J2 M:PS=],'=!`CPT"M$YQH,YB"&'E&!@3"7\N08P8.JH@H`[*S&:A90GIS+A9TW MZ+FXFDV6EU=1&*PTV,ZM\F\--LX7U$!-T+*(E$>\HLS!\**>(-]W(5 7N4SXC MJVQVT#"(1>)Q-E+\ Z.@C1E^5(*LEA4]V0ZX#KX4[&0O-3)&+*-!$U M`:/(\UY8^FHR4K%0D#5)*&D>-H8=O2`';YS%!,-R:$CNFMMY)I6XBHI#[MHN MSO/!CW(4J80UN]8&0,>G*4@H`MH-KF?0;I@][KN:W6]S["TO;3(]744,>]0- M-77]9'!JM6NC:D4==;XR$C9`M#"K!RY9O(Q .6R;4R$CA+3L!`M4^S OP.B">HO)Y-C#L\ M?OSK *_-#,XD+U*JDC2T6-5+8@[7RIV<>R7@#+ M TMG=) MX&5YL3#-XF:93>EV=&UHA0_0"NU!AHI?=^H-5^?U4Y^MZ&4'!$8`B=` !'84GJMMHSE\ M3[2A!F>:SZ;]FY`ZFRM+O:;&:5VB^HSLU9R(T^OLNPG%E;JG !UK^"%U-1^'X72K?2.J?.#J/QJ;L8%P/_#7 M(O]Q\ZI[P..,GBJ#%L>G7CA\UNV]Q',KKJL!8%(P1%;- V))0%\T,#MOK6$\NEL'M8HR%P80K[KJD$`$\ROIT&8/7DA\FR!!0K4LF M__:R8R415'ZP>*U[`=IK56]@L5P+5[0@I.VY*F4U)\C8*VY(\0]MD/$(+-2\ M32U.(4U^)MBM(@+^U]`0B$F!1I+(EC+6RR)T*BB;W:!;=- ;Y,HG*OZV`P%8FU"XZ4_U0NWW:-QE/L?*-U-$ZX-!CC*(5>/ 9YS]W\^DK[N$?+;:;)8G`CX?0LG+U)4,4R\B H8K4I$)RGH M.)-O0W,GVJ1]I%!2CQ:,&6A=FXECH6G8&TPZ9K(8D:BG;&@M2^YZ$:=R3:** M+U(RR"SQ)OUI_%&8]&C_-QOQ_H?*F!UM> +=2VCK3X`*12"2!^UQM"@[V8UI> M9GMMB;L9_(OE#(JH]S`6AU27@HE**EI.)=H'IEIQ9_`IW*Z>M%XA-.BT\#RK M@1`KBAZ9L6;*- )%C#V'[ M9![HF(*YWMC%/+A?";9J#;4+;3&(\@?+(AA@`AN`'2PT`L%X,5*00W)93"QE MHER[=U%[$F :8:Y2U29RE"'[,.C08K`B W.F952"`FQ20?$*Q..$1CF-J6`8%F,N_-B%3RU:2^OC M'L[_E_#&NO-)*Y;P]YU00^Z=Y@&"I=KF/;5YZ>GSK-B*CMT!-XS&UD+E.>Q[ MY^'>8?1]/X[GQ@SWXPR?0M$J$$Q/Z5IX(CDH*_UM^ J>ORUG301+#:EC M\JOI77%SRKI[54W\F^SJ5Z,',=OM#0R4AK.XM,+QUC&]2EZ];G=%KRI7:OV> M+!V(@'-\C`&+X]?0UJE^RS4JA=B4/>3;/_8*H+PRH=CYH;K!D_TA1X-UP3&4 M_@V+%0%8?=7BO6_E+U:\)NO$[4!MWBB)3513(I6NITM\"/N2**H UB:? MQUW56`V@Q3)1.Q83U:O/F8V;CX1,@ *[L_=NVOL MAC!*ABW0?.NRZGV2_.1"MR0W^\X7;E%9=O_1@8TN,'#427 ZL$QY2.,S#/N[>VBW=O\=OR3N_#KZB[[^/JSE+N MM.=\Z6?O^2G5;4L$;*N==S?_0D![DE7+:S^W6C@ZB^GR2M+(P @Z#8NOA-J$#DQ;.JWO6[?>Z"W%V:SW7GZSY^GHZFMR`^!I Y0OM)"O9,=KR9D:UG'*U9@Q0Q)+)!"A5L:R%\"&3\5X:6ARF_@^`?!CKK% M%*'%]>%FARP1!R4JQ[H!05;DB*$)OQC",57AJ;BJ#83"6KM1G[F(NN@)P8?; M Y(;3_MVR=D4&T7$8(=3Q#/ MV$2^_=R9`3>OJ*9V4+"%>CXE/7!/>% [H;1.]&7K6OJ09W`^:T)=M-8K?X M2M7.O0N&YXSM2HRG_W%C%[O:E@X\W))&:B^*4AEPEIJ '=@=/J@0 MZT;([IZ])TC7#)CK7_(J;; Y? [GYQ\-D9K#D^3S#HKS*8P LH_A/=4EVA_LQN@W[M!9T'AUF]G:# *4:P7 MFN:.^U)PT^XXQE!J;4OJ@J!G)]9)1S62%@2L"NC&ND9)C4;HBA58U&R!5>F% M]M_6]J6P_`L[-YOO^VW98%6*J7TD1MC2!'8/B-41]-&NN$/0O`;BY0R>E$E1 M@!2=Q,>OE_G(/*$?48$Z!C-01B=Y AXZYMO7)6/WK1@-61QC(^'$B`E2'_"VC#WVQD3=3\A) MS[0?_H-N([;_^'WZ`%3[%PMKM/_XS")0[;]^'0SLL/V#!/W=6Y/T]D_2+^V_ M/:-F9Y0=Q,,EC=;!3-\0]R%?:/T+%,09=G;D@QRN&^0D]N,D,L3'+BKF;B]H MF_Z ';4'>FS5@9)*G>(EO;O`!(,?D>G5"Y+!=SA@`)ER M1^4P.C1XC/`I')H^.]6>>[O3NGC[L&^%?5QXKS/8@Z/[G;\=/.S\Z7[/WSJM M=; O#/7@GB,*4^R_+TPNSN[&`B9%>D7:7@R+08;63[8WZ8^]=GJ/-* MF?D-'9XCC.]PR$+A2>,&.Q5LA:O;5YTOQ4WA:31YR>T;.-R*254C#ADPO8KM M5'=[Y#)H6?.Y40'%)_MB`6NV9)SLMBLM66RI9\HQ40;%]5EG6);HG*R@Q7:J MYC?Q5E2=YL1!@IVM:?;;4,"*/=5BZ5I=5&?!D!C\P,2XT?[KDI`3J1YWB9.A M`C+BD49C?4EC">OA%.FK7>H0"?URX\7//5C-JC')K:LWEWA8T2RJS-Z%3L[G M-,>R.)R3&_\LM%1M[D'X9DZ#`"5GC,LX58 1Q9,"E5ZP0Q^/P,J M6!P!JO)X@5M,ML!J+$UBM'=%(\2`'GUP!N,UQP11M*XGPX+.KK8T>NC128M# M-`UO2,`&$*P21`_=H"ND*68?"MY02:J9?+=!K.N)./UH+.,4#+D@59+LHK8X M)#5&DRQT=T(Y[%"=.C3$^6R"`ML=XI]8/> ].`5/TY:]A@?493DMH4??VE3@T\8KG73);"RG"G UZU9AILJ74`"2@:%S;YN1Q/RN"FH-B*QT**;F;7%>@"!1JNH/ M7"3CK+'LH-/=1.Y-3W -E*1?WX#?X IUJ!O-\_XE7+]VV>K[EG#U\;BW MS$DZP#]*#`D"0Z>0OZZOK0C6U+56#U]_#&+^8Q3%OW/&EO7\&(>A@/!&XVZL M5XY5`+2JLYNVD7*&(0`K`%L'V>EW/1RA+%BH>%^12;D,4&L#\- >N4?(PKR)]E3,W/>K.EH9L7;D8'C)WCGRE:B M,>(%;R=/Y 'V6^&+ ?8',%0FZ7^@M>=`K2=Z%PS3&.PJ;UT)X>84FY6ZH5@ M>K_];+T>K7Z1M_W 1TVWX';4B6OMH[4H\4K_J]KOD4W4O(*Y;R9OBK-GWUF0ETS5L_Q27 YLB\1Y] M^^]V,;YS?[[]U+>X&N_>DFHNWKV=7/!?9(O"%T5J8DDCC]I-DT3V]F`KY/,D M?'5.0;U=VE7@^U*@T(V4-]@@34+G@+ZP^C,&^)U:D:1Z2AQR?"?_+GQ[9=N' M#^[O/#SH\.CVX:$XNQ.KU2=*]?^WQVF*7\H:V,$)KS;=LJN 8"\:` COVVFH6T `0[2O&(YXI'-.=;'7TXI8T:3KRUSF(_ M!TVV\$]59G ^JU\%/Q4QU!:'8?46T1`WB.(P*(#`Q MTS^L?3BMM2&RXW?EFJK?#)%C2D3XXI)_V`'VNZ`V6X4ZD^SLY(?LA]/3G>S9 MWHN]G?C/[ H,K M"HBB3:QDV5^+?/MG()"%)Q9I),#F7`P8$>\Z::V049>9@H8?>[5A2$83$%$( M@SRD)Q@4QB>OJ0)R!4`GI&O/B$@IOP^+>\\$-@UZC5$J#Q58),[+RI$ SOW8ORN]'X'[H=5;"8.:EYW7W!)(3^\*[S;(P02\HINOF6):BS M7?6E=4\DK*K!:>!EC\=:U*R*22I8::)BVK0A?ZPV^67IVLSC!=H=Z5/CZH1S M_ 9A@22?0UXAD"C$ATW'-1 T?UW M;Y4,8E8!-@J/C_8I2";%H=78UQG(+5@^\MW;!T>-GT*1EA;#"$'-U8AHZ;K$ MS=6%Z'[U J^H5428AM0V+)- M`2$9Q0E@V8?GY93FI(;-?"EE5TM&GH MQ\L`LF6I*7FMRH0%6V&A0#4 BK)]S2N4KG-8K_+'4]ND 06:\KGKT!52U "WS0 `PM&N-/=-YI!7:N2S%GI)(_SL=N#O0='1_=J.>V0!;7,K494 M[,64I?[1F#W`,ZD(_RV-CWR)BGP4Z=$CNP;A(W3P^\,]+HU2]6L(]GD74Z]H MK`!7U0"UOO%5YY1(P/8IWG+HMA8H[8NQ4U./Y7=OXU00Z\A,TN?OWL9O#X>7 M;.E"S[\$.DJ+/ZI5YZ["8#SWH&IY\^ZM&:!_.H-^ABPX\6Q]P;N!`=':YLBY MW70J+W$]*09$K"N=EB3JQ(L^P_ _4?3&WJV TT0H4X^(\T]+:.S 98M=@H;[\B/40]PYJL>$-IH!RGU([GX],OHH40`_F$^R MN;9M1_@/#U(X;*,EO&=,X!-N[KG@4\(@^(#&\((O*IU:88R5.`U4>4];#(*- M5F^=*8ZK:-CB)$T'9HX?+R^76/ HS:@]Y$THGNR: MI'2Q^9_>%GN[F\H2^TY=[ \LNK["^.BU\!2R$$J=8*%81?^>.L@/H- MD-!C'J(MKANN\"TI>8CX#$HR!J\$(P1KT7S 2(C;R (8QDS4"/`' MIS\V!68#U'7AUEA49PE.`$CJCGAJ= M4^;A."0A-N)!M:$OL2QXA@7O5Q]R463BG'!1_ =.>$1]KB#Z8Y(O-!RSM$=LPE4GN,%Y&' "_DZ!-K,%-.,0^5?#AY'7J]#)5ZW* M]>"7([NZTPW=0I/W6F4ZJ>D\B\7E5CP>$FPHZZI:MPJ)D:^1`#0K6_A+>\L* ME]TY.FSDIV`&0 D)A4PO,C+H!^G!%#V! M`[9.0I `)1\7*SO; 44%9U0V'!XSAHW>YHBRQ>FG%`Z&N>-U^ MV\M_O)8\JJ&&JR2HQ'`]\N\M(BJGU#U,/6 1G M\E;M:R)ZW>/&0J?2*#>4;,6R`XL!N3V1C^/MTL6G?@'YJ]J-P!`$@0BNEO(Y MW]+0-U?(.;$"VMHU572Z7Q=T`NP5G[6R8FZ%\DU(Z>Y*3AK[(V=_0TS"*.3; M1X+*:Q)5OA2^MLJ7+,D.!T($&E7$Y$#9 _2U M6[^2:PYE0QYU:/;Q6?MK[?.W;4Z7PL"H3D4)M1NVP(@GFHBE!!X)QQ\N'^*W M0!Y3'8$?)K-+OF7W4XC.;&^]^.[;^18^JC;#X9BD6)4J-R[2A[C&]`PA:A%J M *!S:XQRULS6)FRVNH/'F>;4V7G.8`7@C+ M+89;CK#&-%.W,[:815 -O]+;_-:TOD,!$RZR/+L^E6N^@]2-\.C8,Q"0>"=G9V " M3YT0 ._GM2%X58KB&VSJ+%N-CCU6:U@#)B;A_C)36,$ H#T:4HY:]S (I_QE/N!R_5*?C%I%WU#7IHW9KD/4EW KOF?-L(:4KEX- MI0/0G#PMY`P 5KD,K-(5PHPCPG6*^)^9=$L!Q2+C&"+8J;LT)*]H%_ZKE M>ZU.G-:-;(-#@ZFP:L?T$?*:!/N4">RXJM3"@PW@HXCS[`]T_43%GZ@UXH0[ M,SF?[ 4*](DCXHV>0" MA$*_4IK@GQM3V6`Q4W'"MOA/16-+ \U9G->0 M`EC46UP`_%TE_LKUYO?W]SZ/,?&-)F#WFZ6;CW4[9>H9(=%59%M,I.5B`M_^ ME,AA"J2N,9H%MLH/Z"-S5O_`I4L-)_@"T:TT:T0#?5(8.HT8)4Q#@RA,]V-= M%8]6 0?_C0=-2QV@PF(,VDO<>"07S%J-%9XIHP=/.82&^19%CGP'-QB')@"_VRQ M9E"#"- )[ MYN4%93 ]&(N*6H[>AQ",/*Z>Z\(U>S0CAZ4$94O3"])0/(F0:.SAA) 1SF71U4]Y4;C?Z"\U'193-4W-'C2$"%0:-#>#4 ZD_PI*!5C?I4U 3'9KU1!%+FAA*;H":U'%.J9&W; M,!7.7@*.OP02T;YB-E1\ 'RHER(^0Y[O17^T2?O>>8C=YOA-":.SJT2AU:#6($\W'A M_;O%9OZ)'V?=C8[^/97CP>']C8;]0-GSAOF!7B8^@LX&\`,V&^,_&SD5NZ0V M*@020-MVH4DGTO8/]+>*^12^='="H0W_AF+3OTY8#@]OHKX%'$JM'"K,_M'4 MW >%U3>]4CGXKA%R$3"V^&PQ.RV`&%S@168L]@[ M/_IUU6[+9+4&R;YVKS)NK[ QVY+!*G^=3_9>_ )4^2[[?6OM6N*G;3$CDY$Q]@?,2NJGU9>^UU MO_0K?6\A7%$>D!9:XV0L`2+5698C;L:CR:Z[3RV[.I"^L'%E B!9EC+Q2&:B'BU:]%@$M2P3\A@[:UQ7A2P^"?_YK:[ 6ZL:M9-R>&FI2F,0K-F#WQC9 DID(/D+ M*X^ZU,+Y ZS[)I0$-.(+SZ)]0IV3'DSPJ>9'QJ2"88([C3.)>FEUB^G4/* M-N2_2+AE4/Z6+!E;5/F/V+8I=ZP2R@JZN+E5I9,Q1%OCW2!L0.RI>ZPB`>:> M6Z/459I[C#T.T=F50R75ZZ.SZ>SVCM1]_F2VL,DT0=[?VN`[K)0J"^$[=5N* M\7Z7B'Z!?\A8&VJM"+C&8>4ZG(YE=V'\&V(DJ!%O,XL0'+FO&2_BARFRF8MI M@#>"23Z-[!?5%T'+A$?IKP*RV@SN/=5S-5`A=_$&C3O4`A8>3YOTDSQC9(GR MH6C5[JTU0YT% ]?+`5)N#]4_-; MF@>;[+M@GG;W^JFZIW/\(7:$'6A3(8XAR*QFRPI')QMB(Z8!Z1)=0N5_ST 8 M-N`7U+YDJIYI&-(S&C:YUEQNQ@.WPKUK+G2I\4RAAI?\1*&>, OS//L%0:B#3X:]O+F1+AIMRSOTNBDA@?+D)K 0! 23HQUAJ:'OLO3M*ZV7D+:@TFOFA)N26E2I!Q\+ \?;*PZZ]_ 7@,0$\'[.)\XCQ\VB!7-$H.`1"&`)4L. MX'N**@C.=G#O&- YYH\%-4X M)TS6U4U$$L'1I,\YBHC8L_38W$7LW GY-,?#R5)B 2*4.:G5WPH M%ZJ![$V;5;)8%2O[HL8KET.CT61^\$TL-C%;58FIRZL4NS1XG1)76N;-_-6@ MO\]!?NG__*___8#!4=IUARSX54P`7AE,I9EF%YRF(\$$&B2+)J L\@_ M:I!%TA4(IH4P.Q/5$Z_:GK,21*[#1Y(SX.@.&W8,42:1JC3U1N/QY0A8G(J. M*J8A;$7%]W0X %VGOR',J;` M1`UD33S!;B';M:*A&X706%CL?Y=K[88K92O!#HQ3E4GLG"M+X-SR%4O0Y,BZ MF`WB>TAA#P3N^[HCV#59RJ'@RH*-02=T]LWSF8RC*IX1(*`]1@:FT4S PUA'+E/6`PTAX`G-^Q M$OX5FSV6B^;WN$BGF^E '"*SP93LZ3$L\5M`P417(&0SCFZEE( M+PS %F]SS:!X#R()Q8RC!RGM`^2ZZP+9[Z"*K[/M,*1\FI 8$*[/$TB$Q\G>#PY=T5S 20UTG MHU3R"RL_7+.FKG=LV_8@]._5C3,-1Q.BJX\AE@)I/ULJAP74G9/+-M/M'7Q= MUIIUC=WO:+L30:HD9X]4BBT@?2(3HSLZ,7J' J(FYCRS+A04JY1F5WI5Y1Z]L0%^=`+XSN70;W MAP8$4!EH/71-63`RB+. \L]+BX7KJ'LP+] M!%5WS,6L:^&07 .T*V2WN$F1-G7`P1[`4>-^8B\BU-I=QP41TU/R/OIN$V($?RF6E6F %2B>WF*J+ M0ON/@OM;.^M+C?LE,+\/0RJHJ/]O"B+PI&'3ZB,"OXB0>2/UWW'X!$0T%$9\ ME6DV0,\\PT$2,R\YD+5DZ)G(D]H1T(4&A=GJPS].[L+&^N^?!,!#MK/41`^D MCIM/M/YP2I2#-EH6A3-)K/03"[*Y-RM47VKJ*`_ [;^*8Q0A>@L3]/*?NO3N86O.PA MGM[,0>X 2+E+A@%?5=1%MJ.0C(OA-+5J M;+QW&,4SM\)R) PVV5>W@AM0+`.A"#^MF>JTCB)#/(`AS)[(^+U -QUX&O9#NJG91)M>5XMC:^>RN&+23S=P.0W MF\NK'UPFYJ(MT"(8BI?KEL`%019OU&W04/RF`)8@;_G@51,250"0 V-E?7U=_UMJ F9H-KZ2VWB01QZZ_DX _8/._)_^O/W8H*$R4 P[X-)!VTE:[BR M;&+!H-HQ+^;K7!]MX#V!S[NPX$38;6#\.V2Z$])A)MP-HT+"S'N&-0&"6)*D M^#*/WV?GBY(_FK!/]R=QGG[Z2[&\)`X5&_*>8HU:ZT@T10\):9QIGB](FPO! MP?U23Q*X;L:9Q]@.O&UKJ7%!CN6XS$&G8/$C+D0$*!=&?,+%O/>$"Q,L61* OF6=7YTO0M0Y3\5?F6?=Z.Y9=&B/NW50; MXX;2ETHW,].WQ68TOD9?M\&D/L6>Q6[TP]&"'\FBC45$_2U(2NM'""UB$B>0 M5K%2.P*05RV!DY+J@T.3K)9"EP?*3/\82O1(*31/G+`5F*3Q#TY837"]C$OP M/Q@N%1ZM%C*G`UV"A7%= M]1T.()KH[ X",BW)-XU#]3D4\6SM1%P?D`5U+M+NA=\BF8&A==\\'C\&.("X1)X M`\'.G"+6,R/4C2!V_'K@'#DY)`2W\VZ/3?KZ^]\.8ZU37TQDZ/,#D>1OU&FC M?N# O;U,GDJ`@_.,$N,QA.K_[^-Z4!S[ZN MQSF,G2?K!Z]P;6.JFX[__K ?V=0Z7^M;V= MIDVX?C_4>3;XPP5;1#XX?S*L# 9*#UUF(V M5G99_M[>=OUDT11!_LW['>YL[ZSL[+5_WU_?7]G?;DV]:(+6BGZ$?L-O1,I+ MX_]H7B^]=?K54/TBV@EW/(=($9OB*!] HWHO[D9H/6 IVB6,B&VP84O1``$WQ*Y!8@44UO"*JE)JN'(-)N4FD9)BKBR9NLXIR F@X@SF?&`3VHP .Y;=S+T%]:(>[0[77^_\#)/?#GK,=?H2;*Y M'[,,1='= X5C3*?8A^/9B;Z:F/[L0I1'%15`1* #=Q=STWSTI6X MCTO\OTD"*2SVM"6%'H\$;N?FSE_V0!93P/G!BUADY-@LDV]B:)OLMKZ:J+_T MZP0/M$.].'[SQAPWL?E',GBFR#IE65E,H$OX3=$5,=8K^Q/? 0I^2Z%XLIQ&D%Y0;6S[2]U)G]4#3 MZ_[.TP1*!8!&/2K`AH`[B@(H=TL*Q/0632IH4/J!D&[\AVA5EIV,HN'OF ZEA@=+G"(M$:"G!'@,JKF5 *FYPMKI++# MF=K/ MN]WUU/M 9B_8@X>BZ@KOD*:^E*H];ETROU;QI=CD"_F: @L&K'-S!YML>=W/*?LCC>L0"9*";4*+>-+E5>P!G&-A6!$5S*?(UBQ M D"T6J"&1L!0^]@3S\Y&\]$?T^$D$\W\0$ZXO__MA1#\[W]K^"W\[:B>S`^> MQP2L3U.*%=1/@V"=7W\1NV.2@L I@>[_U[8X]V-EN/]C1 M%[M1@LBSO9W.?EX]IXZ=G!X0.F1K!:;7,VZN;3W3")MK^UNMP6EFNN P&[N\R_L[9=N83F!ZQMBT=;:\]: MSC,J3^NKK;7=G7I`N4);1YSADMR8%"(SIVR._!\,4ZI8RPD;6WD2 1F'(%2`!W:6C.-H\PG5WU&9DDD>A\A9W`0B)YOWD)!DDB5145%597# M-U@I1VYEQ.2 C`N2)ZLF"(!3"4[4@XR\=Y\+&KOH/ MHMX`Y?Z(T?4,'F!_ISSZQG&1QJ.G_:>`,4&F`1 8[,-A MMX'MH 5.Y*45MBDGN),ER/G[P]HQ:"H$N"/H MYJ^3V^M5E%\%9-HB0GT*\77H2TA=!^(:M UY+1L5,\+( M"F=(FR(1[7W*:S9\UPP('$2V31P#O!%"H#*.O>K^*(S.%^&LP9F%4,XE%@CA M#S1,"$Q+C @;SU0^BH[+9%+)AJ">5 M2)EBVR70?1KH;6Z/';X'V2$JD0^6=EK(2L=FPWT[253PS>TUWUPV>7(_SO^0 M%!+'8F(WHA(B3.9,KRB"1IT/X:C+^:I]B!9!KIM0(]P(S\[+>02@9C'4XPGY M7VV14/"$+;*$R34!!0YNG18\`AN4YSQ&[#9$6(&N"MM4A8 ^.) M026E_NX*@D$TYDDVBJ#&U[?22+*C$/_=DDF>_[_=H=$3PUDX2UZ#F[=V6:FR MB*`LL63X+4;(KRD6!!-MJ25>[>.>"AVL,T1U&F7K4AYCF!+4LW3 VW=7,-P+E-TSZR;(BEAIC$1=A>NMSJBABSR/\\%B7YMD=7X0XO44X0IA MB! ^360[,5GH@%6S2_6]JD2*^0'!F#O/]NJ!#RTNS%H@XIV9 M\3E;\NSL`@FZ@.W35^-U*P94Z-:A2$8!> [`#DLT69Y>.ZM[.VV@D^'>RO;6ZT(TU\/95];)ZP/ACO/UBMP],,_ M0KT/Z$T@5,,>##=W6J` [MUU(?H;Q[' M^&OPM;G!D'5Q80YADSD:U]E>GD!+%MUK([M@=>OZ267!:L)M^MVK:,61Z.M7 M*=S=H=0.C`]?_TX320HX*O/,C]%/W+TG(O$:$X )81#R4)U%,V#B1S\QGU!^'+X*;F5^PRDC#,N1LK-?HT:B[7#P/9 MK7\6FQ!=P!JKRJ Y_KA\UB\Y_[YADC)SYZU;\O&_LJSK?K2 'W.@;!O;'3(E'#+ _FA(I?_UMO70WMZKEGB/*B(-.-PH1UM=-'%% +-)&D-+ W8+.=E,%EKW[ZLRL M93D4H&_U*--$JD)'_0TZM'A`AW2JK@G)KC=;%+0Y?6NTH%Q^L(,TR),8I"@Q M@UZ*ZD2#!*C`^?+D]B-EIBH=UJ(-,.`U*C&E$IEFHFD@:!!-D\B8MB"R@'C$ MI\J^:?7A*W;CD`MQ_:Q3(NGX^MV5":7Q'A;7HF@J5-BL:^@RZPT8G1J'?[6Q MGG&L0UGHOY6!QVA#P5;.V'/N&)4"3.8/P$]V:/;0:1FS._@H]V=__VE3/A\I MQ'N?PB5/2@9$7A_E0+:?M@VSD6S=]3(N.PHRIHL]QBZE=B\U+BO['-OCXV"; MC`=/L7HSV2PUT0--OVS@"Z>F'#2S!PAC5'2*J/&MY`*OT`NW@N#%PK\XY6Y& MT[/5Z=7J>'0SG8\N.FBKDFDURM48CW.23(2O25`U#"XY2V@6H9 SUW)SY5IX@EL;/`YG#60L./P5-(;^`;J"LLGZY^D5T+XD!!#5' M]5",%\8)\Q+,J`T'V&J[PTW(C@LQ^2Z9=H)87CP,?>D _*?G M)N4[>ZW?&"):[^ZT15VZ1.UO5Z*H&5/(;*W'>$N&JDP Q>%4I0:39AG6$SR=4N9,M=#ARN^WA-FR%N*O/NR(S#KEYY/`*TZ:,N1 MI_V!]I1+_:O]4+\\Q`6QM]ZAY6!:VGE6OQV1)LAC]>,A>M1>:ZRF'F1XX$"I M/N^VU.0("+39ZX_F_JP^/"#EN86/LK!U''CSTWY9[7G'&7+7Y8Q]'$9/;[?M M?W\BRPFEXF?T&_PX>'M-GS'E ;,FAOKA#^9,F!]\M;GQM,DSWMW2 M#;C098I'!UMG,'`X%E+^]=$X*[K"[M,*U(^WE=UGCY5ITWWQ^T[/VM:W3C"H MJ`UC832$'[^?&*E_-+4I"LAFZ3,GDI.9! 39T+)#A0.E3&PFT5OJB.%W->8;LV7Z5420M1,%HJTD*AA=:E. MW536Y-FFJ\((6.,N$;4FO ],*9R,[AE\I9( M[U,0P+,HVUBQ>N](I-\WXN\QG%WCFL?5A^8V`J9HW=2=H(CE?OK(HQEXB463 MTQI$LZ09=._Y=5'Q>L/;9-+>3+?YA"V\BF[9-R@H7$1)T8=CN^"R4PR&?UY[ MN[:SM[?QM9V]CH6KC9V6?O6CCZ$#,7"XO;8Z3T*$R2_!B,L444&3]#ZB$X+= M\S-FNKB^L2+U`;[F G1,O)O1.\[..4BU=Q%U:IR=X42P@6J+ MQ G(H??5;GN&0U)'(/2>7)G_L#[F?BG^A$&.T/8M'"]Z\Q4?HHL2@ ?R]1^/D.`Q>-U76]N9J"PU`>CY.;);0067 MFNZ!O/L1_6"8]J;>/\;O#^8U 8"%*.` MG01_3:P(-RABG'3[RX\=41P],KKT(XJN $K=+R70[S` MAGY,#3Q#8.ZW8?_ST7\#5>MJ;=W'%GJ@3#BD]7)[--ZP_N_1,-=10NTK !$\MKUB=9`Y&-1`UUR[]/*IX+87*E/P0EI/U)_3Z M\G/!T0U> 2C$/AQ5=OCROO+>K*.MMPE4%&'1]6+ZJBXDUV MP,A/ $TV^R.&C"BFXHA$!#G)G.`T?$:B*S :R;@(MMM9ER;N0Y].VTH^U8ADXC #%UJC=VBGH M.T'O\.:&6. AE;IV+5JHA[G)$Y&C MH\> N`]>?T7VTK6?GHNTZWPI/.$P8+F0%0TD5J!H;6 M?/ '+XZ.BJ%?P:E&W0A]''$=9-1"1A%\#A?HU-@(IW MF0W99>`DQQQD$*MX^26EH [974)/U'2Q3,O"`K_Q_ MHQ`EK9%Q]W($QA0!8!U4J^/X`XW-(G&%61FI1+;;])`YI>_+,JMHQY_(-YB1 MY2E:6>X'@KA1[&=C:_&"NX9LAQY_@X[C#"BWTJ4%"F>1LD&C0%T`A*N>H:FS M"VJ4/. #Q:'P!Y=&S/(V9PYPKA.\$7V(==/C6ZMD>DE2)Y1*TD:9!RVII M;=#D8&I6*J^&/?7 +)VIL3LB+'6T%Q_="TWMW>T(,GE%ZYTO#F6'QC_V:2% M '/7P]F9* %RDWH 30$$F1+I(9]`!C3$B`/UBQ9LI1(D?.V# M0'R?0[HX6$>[! &7]\=84T!3*"?;Z(+._%5UQO%*[V-;?OYZ!_PG7DWO(@ M@G2J1:1(BYB+CTMDE`"^%$0>2*Y@/9/)4@,O#>INS$="DJIM,04S!_3LCX/G M2)X431C#T)"@L!N\6XG\2^`7BXP/X)DDKL7WG__X?&T03V.:#TRBXXT >07',T=:`5NC/6@7$S5$L*P]OCDC3-'TYTO,XW*G?9A. M/NI;Y-7TDOLT3?ETS5D(P5-#'_6YT)+E!J>.BQ[Q/AHPJDV#%3]D?M9AY@L- M7%))*;\J M"?B0H1^QB'EP:LBSV=XM0O1XI!(='!S_[?AXIM9$J=:*XXO*JBF4F\IF8SM# MSP/%.4PQ,8X250%%XE8>7Q0XT#=J6ESZ7+6C^QZ UE=$_;PZ*E M&=-AF/O=5!5@?#E13Y/9^^D-EA&06P@@HPLF`IT8 DT1%>G@=D.89A$# /H"9L,,#0#'\KZV\];H[R8J ML7*#N9B%O=-5L QBQ*&?,GJR^H=K*=BNT_U!.Y#_\M_8GR9] A`+ND1X,-UH%`QG-[0,M9E://21K@%JQK Y7%0 M8.M7H$#;1TZ3&@I#MT(-ACM[;+SU^N/L9/-7[*2]XJW]9RL;VZTE#XF\VVFG M\AR6S':(DT61O^ !K M+IC"V9"0(%?0:^R XK%Z'DAV) 3GZZ)PX18AA?7!B^!F3E=HQ-,T`_AFJ(48BOA;=XS =5:EB': `)\G6>24>4L_/@>7.)7%CDJ1]&&K2T=$KL"PCFP]@J)QH@P MD$C(>BDX:;T8`\"\2*$MG=E5NI*!N@"@LP=(VDH.C_+!+DPUIH6$XJ1^I)8D M1F`.N7PHV X,#3E598+=E`9'E&1B:("G:/'A87[P5GI[KG: MX"=+L5GZ3[;A@SW5UH7=,\5\37%$42A"-0J"6:#4]P.(_NL=+4,FMP@9+Q'T M2/($*Y]3VG@P_.%J1!U7P-AB35W?%+:%Y:J_1#8NGEQSB>,)O;,E__-PO7X8 MRW77OR-[C=]WC=:H@;N"/C=F>),L.!6OE:DS'[7VZ7@==81ZOF^L"8*KF=6S M;G%6Z7&!RU;O4XB++JSUC\^G%W@'6J)$,8PKM_5W+V(YC*#[IEVV>,OKVW 'N>NN<>0RAC[3@XD911-KGV#A#,6[1W:OSZU@*;$M/+]6]1-E6`4 MG9G52[6V9:K51@Z*GMME/GZ//67U1,KJ*ZN^T?EIAZB-["&UL!"W10V[A&SM MU1B=D5)(5%#-9N:9BN)]8`AFQQB=XR;69?(U:JJ[2]"'9-LQ<>=7D%8&N9TC MLJ,K'79-FN:ZO;[$UVU6((M7][[$LSM%IF.*8 @I=A8>D%1M*V((0.&)8.>3>.' RS5K%&8JOK8K=&6O@0N'O'FAV*`M-WZ`".XHAL4M7%99$,:K6,9ZQ#4- M^RPB>B*@M`N]"P1%76B1_%>NG[V!YAP+RO4R3@P:C V6QE1ET"BL?J:0=2ZUE4I_3E,W`W/.9BBB490#S=[ M1`K@&"NDR?.UF%HW^Q@,>T!]F`IF(EJO'JM@YG$JF#EX:\9]9H28O1SAX%9N M?"?LJSWBN39>BKJ`;(8] ,Q]:GNQRM&BD^96;IO2U*^@*;K&(ZSPI8#5Z?@SM=''WPIT]N MLH (5J?'U'*I"&5Y@ WZR@H/-8KKADSG@27QG6;D8(@",T&I!_%>I%0GZJ%S MC%"_)(6@/A7J,D=@.[@^)93$+EE+D'KIR:T,-+V\N\P#W6$RN\7-H8(@N#\D MX&NJ/)`A@25*F3YE-#J;C.S#UF16.B-T!/^/!C/`UW ("!^$_6]# MSL;)=6@=]-J[02C@ISU;D$DU@'B&O4IHKU1[!K`+V1SF&VS1R$0_&,O^-C1T M^5-LZ/*=&KK41RCJ6=W@?(&=2AG#"I.;70%%&;%5C ,EE%*['/373"ZZ+. A[[IX8X':78,[MZFA%'C0 MB57E[#WP8L;P02C #UW (TWTY'E@3/[:V7&;&Y" RX'1O0BTO? M9O]`@!:,[9OL3CI4L&`-L=(P\/HJ,%0C,V'JF5'>ZARYV%#1S'BR!%2/?VP: M&+2@RRKAEHP>`KSPRWJJSY+TOB?)&MK]8?+U8/@ #[VB>A32%O>[NRGM@P:.MZ.,@>)W:EH'@0*F7;;I[VQ3O]KKZY Q00C MQD-^%YD$_O*M--57LIC^]WK R0)C5=WB% M8'O187E(4_R9:`0TA?YA"9T._S>@V=)M"VGSM&W7>^OEU^XDO4B^#[@#K3#0 MG\];DN*VYTS4T.FP%]2O()TVZ\(7'E +``HON@A# 34-VWI8#MMZV&M'D0'VC,K7(RYE4D5; M5SWJDAU:ZW(#-$[L@:1K6)SN0M7W)0:\9+4I5-_&D88.%$&RC5C6VG7W:_6A M'*)01&M-J9XVM?$*ZY(=.-D,!O=1:#AP4/X4U07K*?E4MK9*;:%8O%+,XOLP M7V1A16N8O>MM#*J)FUX9=+.YSQJT!E&:WGH6FGL-I=ACU'R!ERDXX[9:NFRH M8DU]IOX>_76XI.W@L+0=-)`DFQ16 4'(S=[] MHS!FW'?ZYNM8&01W/@`3/&L8AY? 'F:G@4>DG_]] 'Q:KSKML_W-HH.Z]]/ECN]A0W0?ZKUCY`,N'(8U M#!R8FSW`/+JFYI% D$507?#Q "+;`-.5?Z M>$W(((+1&)$Q);:%; : 7 _C MLZ4Y), WN'N4?BG+>=\^HO^W _G0WO3B3 M-;@/C;^5U5AF7N7%8I!S%W[OZU(!@^58PN,DF=+[QC_RFN,4,[K]>94:Y,QA M>>Z],_2?\D.,*_'L#$IYE5.O+&,>[9''.\BC_TFFJA97DB',`A2>B^\,CR=7 M:B$+SC>=E6#20U:V ZPX MSRT%@JW&,T6B*7=M8Q7/^@"3ON^$K`EJQM'/L*ZC6N0`>APU]2 $T-V_]%50M/9.%(WJ;9 ,=(NZO XD6Y&;4 )'Q/E].[RWJ.?T7D MUC5B0%4M8)6J?(]P0U3JQ(*(L^/1;F SN?=58O)Z=K@\W][K/" MI>]1KRT&VG=0'0OJ/:E?,P:X #UUE =+R,[%VR:"::&,&J,E3.HLCN"A=!JC8K)\MV*' MH\AIDZ`!N,_W/HGGK8AEB*RL#^=;Q/Z5092C/03G52$J%X(06CR!C7/^FU^/ MC^MA/>S82*5(ZFF0TWW\4A2O/WQA-8^AO!:V8>W:ZU NC M 3%E 54_ M67#]0R!3E&83G?G!`IGLWL9,!8393*G]=H@`'N5`IM=(.\CIO&@?BI0L $)N!06!&D.^`1%M-HR0'JB50-=R_)C"MDZK>.3)5@875 K35:#T%FJ5U%O?>H/74[M?D@SJ \HWJA=!"B'@C\I;H>UDC9B?TY9!&_VY07KJ:C!.,: M3C*=2CTMV,M]I-XB7#VLC=@OH%^/=WP'/KFBK^4U%K$R.,80-!H 7DOPI6 M^-2[L.X`NH>8"@RH?=A31"],W[UO[^.M?I5>3 ] MHJWI+C%$BJ`VS:.&)3[)L>DA'Y4QH9PN5>R8F;D)P(Y+M9N5GEIV$XR8SZ:S M+IO,9P]HZ#;&GDS^`?R04%:JN'F6AC>!O6['B70?Y)N4/FG/3 5[@9@.#M5`XE[1-F,0 Z)&Z,/Q*59 _VQ6\,^87&,XX9WE>.(B(J,5.`Q%:&S+`H U'>AE]U:U8& MCH$S_E$D^_SE+>$MRLW5S6IY)VQ6+D 9RC9_W?N*"VF?"_,7]H]@" M/H=&=V/;RB"9L@^#*3M"' [E?CUL)Q'X)J"P>+,&CA MP:_; >.V@3F1XS,*(1R=09^U"6&=0ZV\.R6 M&[LUS%LK=RSY1%)^--_)ZK\RZ![2>I&H,DP[YV[7HTN)W#'%=;"YT>E8.$R] M4["\!QYO.2A]4[;(4B>WJ]CUFRB9B[/U"CK&@>_[,O'DEOKI*INIG^LM&6;Y M<>O-I76;T(];FTPUE"87]1'K+XC.X+@Z50*IWM$-5Z@F4KE:=[KQ[L7U] QK? @SEZSBG#9EU+OJKTVF:0M"0IA5HFNY?:70TH,6]:#/=N]U'&_=[U WC -O#/DS]Z\LR7$ M4,I&7Z,-7(XN_BU"[]_. =?=I M_>[;Z>SG58N431GS\A_VCMW_?O?XQVF'&3]\A[U3W/M)SRR=I-0U`]Q\B88J ML&1TV7-?^I)P+!">5MVRE;4 S:R;?].G11Y9BJ:GO "!'V+5+.SU9KIM]#N]SW2+= OZ%$!NOP$XY61?"+K0J? 'U@/&%+IC!TCHV[L6?X)ME0?,*RZ==+D([8J3>W@>A"NN82TOIU',&C+SPL MPBN6F%GBG!VRY0Q]E`^Q!FQSVL(\Z43?RALU[J06%#/!EUA"&Y:]HZV$.BS2 MI2)7?>.N"_T$UJJ5F)6[UB+HD4)L,*'`]YHI,_\.9K$:`$TC1NMI-#B'+;M1 M>*$$TMD>Q?-`02VGD\CLDNNE11*X64]LNK_(*:]1GX_>S[Z2EC#=F>O>Q9_J M&3H_7"H;?HEC;[I`^P2+E%1G\I(B/:P5RM$=+((Z9.[^MB4I-GRIT)9B`TY2 MZFUCX-`LP9C4M[).X)1A[AP>PC@^7&-WX75? %CB=)Z M)W&-O@Y=D7*!]TD6[LZ)F>HJ:09I@45W*[NQC##>B1@0U@>V)G`7OY^&5IQ] MWZ`+2QK LX`P`` MNP@``!@```!X;"]W;W)K U\P[#B[^%@544+DK/BU)).&A).&BQ!OZAI+RYL;?$>NA;SIU-_5["V!XH# M;:A\U:2^UQ:K+\>. N/'Z2S)PAA%B>\=B)"/5,7Z7G$2DK5_#`@-5(8D&DCF('/P1[-HD:`D M_3]+8!3I3'(L\7;-V=F#Z8`S18_5K*$5,`\I##K&I*"TA4(_*+@.`KD"K,_; M)%P'SU"D8H#L#`1&?(2@*6)_0:A"*=; DW2TD M B-_ZE7>:'S5F$21\W.0.:Z[ZHR>]>06X;)T=`[JU27 M=BGKQH (82*J+ ]N/ MLLQI9SYQQTDVLD]49K L4BJO(_+*8T0:R*!B$4;.J[HW?I-$:JG0T;D='47HFN)$ MY'(B\O(2**LC[MH)(\Y`AI [2R^`8'3`2NGQD7S#_$@[X36D@M!P MEL'X UW\:_'=N_````__\# M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`0Y*#C`T%``#;$```&````'AL+W=O BZ2H6Q!GL9*0=H$6*(I>GA69MH58 MHB$IE_W[#C6RQ:$5=/.0V,/#X>',\`R9AR\?[ M=T MAZW_]U]/=ZGO#6/5[:J3[M36_ZX&_\OCSS\]O.O^93@J-7K@H1NV_G$ U7MIDGM*1",Q4%;-9V/'N[['_&A]_NF M5J6N7UO5C>BD5Z=J!/[#L3D/%V]M_2/NVJI_>3W?U;H]@XOGYM2,WR>GOM?6 M]]\.G>ZKYQ/L^X/+JK[XGK[ #WH\; SGZ8,_-%[.[6O7D_CG_K]5]4 "WUS:F!F#KU M'\:;*&$A%Y'O/:MA?&K,7-^K7X=1M_\BB,^NT(F8G4B@.8^+C4@C M'L7_[R5`1M-.RFJL'A]Z_>Y!> Q3Q0_`&0:IG2(X0J/$KA%-$ 5'&S9)1>R*Q -60$)VG3\%($>(G/)M(E*XAM(R MD"4A9U:(+DL:Z]8'XM X4DBCHAZ78.CAALPR*.D\Q) M9D$0G`MYT]\H(N'1$@E*TRCX"DT4=BBYZV5!+B6-NL . MF`O? IL]^2C#.XW4.'L'X^J3]!F\5TB;?OR6:8-@VW+>63BZUO M)?C&4MH6$C"QWC0F,VVH;K_,9PP>TIBQ9-DB1HP`HI1G#J"D@"BR+C:4)"1N M):OP/G2[OG2.8#YC9I( GDD/]7ZWXMLWA;3N]#X/K`+PXS]5!_5[UAZ8;O)/:PU2V24`'>WR X:TY?3S"/Q$4O#O8!L![K 2KD7@^ E M3.;[]]L40`G=+RTG-['RJ%\`1`,@NDGAP[_^>7J\^7O[>MCMGS_>VG?6[ /M__QW^L?B]N9PW#Q_V3SNG[ 'G_O7OP[? MM]OC#97P?/AX^_UX?%G>WQ\>OF^?-H>[_ L:S@_FFS>[Y5)2Q??Z6,_=>ONX=MO'_X\;1]/JI"7K>/FR.U__!] M]W*82GMZ^)7BGC:O?_UX^>-A__1"17S>/>Z._SX5>GOS]+`LOCWO7S>?'^FZ M_[&]S JH7C-T7UT3R5]^O!E1U 7@^;?WGSZ '[_F?VNOM2[YZWU-ODI]$#G_?[OT;3 MXLN(2'P/ZO3D@?[UYLOVZ^;'X_&_]C_S[>[;]R.Y^U3?P_Z1:J)_;YYVXQB@ M2]_\ _-Y>SBFNU%[>_/PXW# AJ(?W5PL6=[5G!6/ HF^OL[#8VTS*;^FRHTNO=*2^VI3\ >G7\\#NMM:=^'3_\ M9IWD,#6.Z,-OU4D^5$+#F;]XG9,W[8L[KPV?>S7T3U,FWAPWGSZ\[G_>T#I$ MSCF\;,95S5Z.9>G)HD?@>?K0+'X8S?\ ; FM M!)T$O02#`>[)$V=WT(`'=[C6N??'KWGO^Z)U*V5B=KYPSWJRF-H?3^!RR8%K M\8M.T,;C%BE:!*YH7(8VSH(7DT\F4^N*"9BM$Y=4SMFXO.!JSD9 M)YM)%$N02)!*D$W@ 5LO%.-S2Q]*W5=_8XR\XE!+Y8&.*IA&FX)!*D$F03&.^BHM) R4PY].^R73^Y/$1 P@OEJKU6%I?Y%G.)%7FN&`,)LW`]R[-"/LY29N&$EK40"W_& M+.S0=^2M.% &[H^8&HMI.2WI2X@14Y"R$9#`D;"[1YG1L+(Q9C092X4B:7=J\E MB"5()$@ER"3()2@D*"6H)*@5"$ZCEN)+)PS$NM%(2 QYE6\1*)"6M*0EI;V6+A;F3BMY4 M^/;"LD5_#8:"N [I& D!S*8A/?Q&*(:?7QZLFBDO&T5PM(=]IQ4Q9RW-KHL M3&L@,9`$2`HD`Y(#*8"40"H@-9`&2`ND`](#&4S"^WJ,165?\R2XK 2Q+$VNW@N`9("R331#7`IEH0&Y-KFG0844'@) MI`)2:W*M!QIM\TX#6E[4[+5TOU94SXIR0ML+H%N&=XMB(\9Y(TEQXCQ)`:ES M;7-Q[1I(#"0!D@+)@.1`"B`ED`I(K8GVJ^?:GBON%@V(6B9R0M^FE"O?6W8@ MZKG(7GB+0&R3!U/$O?)&FL*925.(;?!*VYA>@30%V"1`4B`9D!Q(`:0$4@&I M-5%> C2#N"L'4\2]0HNFN;I.R2-G MY&*NR#!,VYA>4:H+B KZXJ@8T+=?0,P/Y M;*P#3 H@-V\RV&BVY%1_1I(#"0!D@+)@.1` M"B`ED`I(K8GR2>0&-%GX\&U`TS(-* H_[Y(ULA8/9 M"@Q2M=&T/H?47#&IU]K$G#BJY`M)P"8%DK&JG"AT+4>,[QQ$!9`22`6DUN3* M534@:IEHMGT=B'HN *.>R.[,+Z(*M8W#%*UT Y]8X%=6::]PB%#-[Y1BAK\H=`(F!)$!2(!F0'$@!I`12`:F!-$!:(!V0 M'LA@$M['(A$@@U1'1?:TY%T)4K71Q>UK(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(#60!D@+ MI`/2`QE,POMZ+B'`@U1'Y03XT!9;[I4VTK-W02DF"(;6VN:=$"W69A?/)4!2 M()DFN@'THO],D*IMWFE``8670"H@M2;7>J#1-N\TH.5%S5Y+]VM%]:RHP'9L M 2&$@")`62` :2BC[ 8.I83ZA!-[L3>G$12PD(U1M8_@$ M2`PD`9("R8#D0`H@)9`*2*V)]HE-^Q_YYD@#HI:)P@6]P2=R#1UH>J;Q%BX\ M?1M,#??)&UD#=R9K(/8Y*VUC^@2R!F"3`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%I-9$^ : 1UH>J:A%U QR(!((-35\7XM,) F!#";A?3V7".#!J:MR`>9-`G]'I(W4U!T32Q`$K;7) M.Y%9K,TNCDN`I$`R353]]#N/F=!4F[Q3?P%EET`J(+4F5ZZ_T2;OU-^RDF:O MI/NUDGI6$KT_A@^UAW=+XH-%9#*FP-3%]`4$IMKFXM8UD!A(`B0%D@')@11` M2B`5D%H3Y=0P\&V(2T'3,DUD6_0R&-^E=:#IF V]JI MB-F R)WJF\:.%'0C-8-;#7.*]D2LX OYQ^JMF>R6CNR! YM\'4 CIH0[Y(V L#ESKG>7@C%TIN;L =S#S_]/P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-VW,GW'`@``^P8``!D```!X M;"]W;W)K &ULC%7;;J,P$'U?:?\!^;T82+@T"JE: MJNY6VDJKU5Z>'6/`*F!D.TW[]SNV$PJT4ON2X)GC,W-FAF%[]=RUWA.3BHL^ M1Z$?((_U5)2\KW/TY_?=188\I4E?DE;T+$ (\>PD9_A$%7% M*;L5]-"Q7CL2R5JB(7_5\$&=V3KZ&;J.R,?# $/? T[VX"? MTBM910ZM_B6.WQFO&PW=CLT5*EJ(!+]>Q\T(@'+R;/^/O-1-CE:)'Z?!*HQB MY.V9TG? /2@MNG\.%)ZH'$ET(EE!FB=_Y$=9',;)QRS89625W!)-=ELI MCAY,!\14`S&S%FZ`V4A8QU!):IS7QFLQ8%9@?=IE2;K%3U`4>L+ F(-9J,N%&H>9A)H89J%@ MBMY18ZP+-6FP".$PJ>UMN,K28#T'%#-`E*SC>`3,4DC>3 ^8P$Y43 MPRQ$.@NQ+*CQ?E10AYF$FAAFH "A-M2@(````%```9```` M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T -%5I5 M.$M2C+ABNA&JJ_#O7^NK:XRLHZJA@U:\PB_ -@`[\V)'A;87OLM7]`I.Z M#//Y(_C>GCPCV^O]5R.:[T)Q&#:LR2]@H_6S=WULO`F"R5GT.BS@AT$-;^EV M ]@VR$?TP-D@BN2PDL`.J>' MZE/X%GW.^V@XY>67>;.+/&]]QXN&4UZ1OO7PKL+Y1:*WPJ9.&ESDLZFD6'3T MF0>9G/8,:[W0L[=6&!J=1E9D\_^(T6<>AOZ6+98;E1CW)[GI^! @"Y'VO$G:CJA+!IX"Z%ILH2\)DHX'IP>@SHVVH$BPV,/ M?QH.JTH3 &ULC);;CJ,X$(;O M1]IW0-QWP!@,1$E&DZ#>&6E66JWV KT/=H5[%3W5VV_C]_O[YDOL=%V9W*AG5TZ_^@ MW/^\^^W3YL'Z-WZE5'@0H>-;_RK$;1T$O+K2MN0K=J,=>,ZL;TL!C_TEX+>> MEB>UJ&V"*`Q)T)9UY^L(Z_Y78K#SN:YHP:I[2SNA@_2T*07P\VM]XV.TMOJ5 M U^*&"^EY;K;]=.M:7QP;._8'BLAICJX>G\&U=]8RS MLUA!N$"#/I\Y#_(`(NTVIQI.(-/N]?2\];^@=8&P'^PV*D'_UO3!C=\>O[+' M[WU]^EYW%+(-=9(5.#+V)J7?3M($BX.GU:^J`G_VWHF>RWLC_F*/K[2^7`64 M.Y%+*M;`3O#7:VO9`W#T\D/]?]0G 5:WZON7+#V M/RU"0R@=)!J"Q(`Y^*-5E"4H(?\?)=!$ZB1%* :Z#))PVR%8=1(3,EPQ:& M(0"PB0[.[-+A +$.==>:U)=1D(B/!U*5>5@ M^I,L RUABC`/"/$X3/="-Z#V/87IC_- MDG!R6WAD$4]:7;QD"J#QM$;C(8)B9_^#Z4_#T$EO8;H1(G-C6GCI(IZT.GAD M/I_&TYH!#T4$.P`'4Y"%*7+.5YC^&.-\+H]%*#]G\Q4R-J"T.DU/W+=3:XRF M=PV%8;#VS!?WE%8G*V[3[K5&9^4%A7GN5LT69#EV\EI8@HCD1F$M1@0?E(7$ M*+-+.:=6UVX0C9AI^H1I*Z+4O?H*6X`1F5]_&U->OL_U0_I.MF\0IT/V@VC$ M!`K[%3D,@EB]PB^8."U86/XYT3:@O'\7`/6U;`&F Q#2JOZ`50?7-;H//+/G!JS7`71S`;N(DT!4E&#`8500XZ MLOEU!(1QY)9;CS'ZX]_2_D(/M&FX5[%[IV:/W6:RZO%I+\ Y^`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`AV\;O`D%``"U$@``&0```'AL M+W=O ?W\NK\\;J MIN#5UB6+I>NP*N?'HCIOW6]?GSXEKM.T677,KKQB6_ 6@\NKYRV7L ME5E1N6CAH?Z(#7XZ%3FC/'\M6=6BD9I=LQ;T-Y?BUG36ROPCYLJL?GF]? 0,3S\6U:+]+HZY3Y@]?SA6OL^ \X:=V`>8\%#KV M>>VM/;"TVQP+\$"$W:G9:>L^DH?4]UUOMY$!^J=@]T;[WVDN_/Y;71S_*"H& MT88\B0P\ ^_L^)\:2'=D1B2\RO, M!)].68@:`->S=_E]+X[M9>L&\2):+0/B1Z[SS)KVJ1!C72=_;5I>_HLDHDRA M$5\9@6]EA$2+T(]6R +LD0.?/2?VUR;G,+9#3`;M&"*Q8NI4`SP0WWL`J=$\Z(0*5`CMAN\1T%7Y MYHR'60:=8%C.IQ.4P7=#-Q2#IEM&/ECV@19/H6*U(";!8$A&9(^ 0I$RN)1J@"$8 M:M46'$9]],136[!58'ODQ%(P64X*GJ=0I&B"- YTO`C5]2 B^',VG!&[B3:6A!/;:?"WA#N),A!I_YG M\ *0 M-$QS(#9"1TBJ(Z84T6H&*79_(]B)X'/H*:,&ITBZ)*V!R7C1$2?5$5.2:":# MI&[5$^PQ9G2LOKY7)%5V9*IF#A_@4,497$IUQ)0K6LD@=Q1![#2F;'OGA9.Q M6/V=;+'-C"MNGD.5'5TVCI*(*5LTE!_(QGYCR(Z&C0WW(Z(WI612]!R#*ANZ M9!PS(5GTC4%R7QC83DRI]C&"(&F8YC!"Z`A)= EV(V&KW41VNU ,6/IF][#3*Q_/'?L529 $N`+[0EJ\_L MP*[7QLGY:P5MQ8>S?8_VMQ./\G+"P@]P:R'?_+W^`=PEW+(S^S.KST75.%=V M`I/+Q0KVO1JO'?!'RV_R-?J9MW"+(/^]P/40@W?6Y0+()\[;[H>XV.@OG';_ M`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`)]`S-9H#``"1"@``&0```'AL+W=O 'Y]SKXV]^O31-MX[&3AEW=I'0>1[ MI*O9D7;GM?_MZ^M+X7M ?:CGC1[%9>TG M68#S*$$Q]KT#X>*5RK&^5U^Y8.V_&H1&*DT2CR3P'$D0#M(8Y\7_84E&%IAW M8HF#N,`(9S_6$FI?JAYE):K-:F`W#Q89*.=])9 X\R$:4$T+V1$Z]-P(AB+\[ M@*JZ#I+H+EAF; S?]7BT@3@19&[)33S*,JR>49+.JQCHWZN=)EUI3L3;37&D*X#F9:> MQ'EJ>RW-?!'AQ$[OS72\0/-H2W=FZ9[Z+J.N7J=P6XW1\EY0E$>1+6!G`XK, MW;2E#4B*U-DE>QM01+-%RT-N>7!K+[..EV(F4HM@JS%&[75@-) )61U%(N6IF\&^B1LR7`F.](T MW*O9M5/'^69UC^H;R4[>2-2=XIZ`>T)?G &PO=V]R:W-H965T 8!-(($I2-53=*FW2-.W'LT. `7;;U)8&[SW???3[[6-Z^U%7P3(5DO%F%>(+"@#8EW['FL`I__GBXR EVD44R?)(:R(GO*4->/9 &";"NH^P4GI+S&-B]O MPM>L%%SRO9I`N,@2?5MS'N411%HO=PPJT+('@NY7X1U>%!B'T7II!/K%Z%D. MG@-YY.=/@NV^L(:"VK!/>@>VG#]IZ.-.FV!Q]&;U@]F!;R+8T3TY5>H[/W^F M['!4L-VI7E+R"C+!;U`SW0-0.GDQ_V>V4\=5.)U-TCF:XC@-@RV5ZH'IM6%0 MGJ3B]6\+,M2[(/$ER!1H7OSQ),Y2G,[^'R6RC$PE]T21]5+P =]AH,F"58G]=9.E]&SR!*> %18S-X)CA*:YIWDQ!,SR&/4R.`R@N4:*U%:/ M08X\!A8SLPRF"4Y=?^'Z4=QON4-@-DI`6WT"?05698NQ!&XPGB-O&PH/@--> M1(?"?)2"MOH4$K?&C #[W);#^Q)[+N*?GI,]'TVNKEW[`WVZ!Q5QZ($;3Q&N28@C(, O8!Q M9NQ1YX`ATY(#_4K$@34RJ.@>0J+)'(ZGL//(OBC>FHMSRQ6,%_-XA.\&"C &PO=V]R:W-H965T M\$U(E%`U5-TJ;=(T[>/9`0-6`2/;:=I_OVL[(>!475_:X'-\[KD?7#:W+UWK M/!,N*.NWR%]XR"%]P4K:UUOT^]?#38H B4"WV>=/FR/C3Z(A M1#J@T(LM:J0 0]XL?X>*LK1^NY#M: +((T]N/D_RJN M 8%)2V4.P[1=>7P*Z`T^ 75,"*_0;C'2D MS,Q`-6PSR LEW'2!H5:1GRKWSO#.14DCI>6T=S@NDVS MR*M9Y/,$JM-YQ#2Q7JB=X9@)#*/4MW#8OTKCK0DU!LQV-3NI([PF.6E;X13L MT.N5F&W&4[/4=[#4]69T1P!V[8!K\AWSFO;":4D%5[W%$F:0F[5L'B0;]`+9 M,PE;5O]LX.M)X-WT%D"N&)/G![6;QN]Q]@\``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A M`(JTU'"A`@``1`8``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULC%3) M;MLP$+T7Z#\(O$>;+6^0%,06T@9H@:+H J51,=!F*_!!YM".B9%V=H=^_'N]6R%,:=R5N14 (P7`0 H*D9H( 3]$LTQN7#;PPT]9T0*)2KM`UW@A-[FO`[6 M`3#E: V/G\8/:G1?T\UXO1%LO(;ZR@4&]ID&K`7 MXF"@3Z4QP>7@YO:C; )P(+(EV#K,W+; QC3=#D,G0C=5B?A7;8:)H:3L:^HNI?^?\;]J*D6$B M!:9Y).72+V.]EG#=+X=9NY'R9^'DL[S2,P;#(DV]L/$FG*-*_+>V.Z5NF]T. M [L[.SN2,7=J^C1"].&*UGB-$HP8I*JFLNVQ#]_/-TL,3*6 MR)KT2K(2OS&#[ZJ/'XJ#TCO3,681,$A3XL[:81W'AG9,$!.I@4F(-$H+8N&H MV]@,FI':)XD^GB5)'@O")0X,:_T>#M4TG+)'1?>"21M(-.N)!?VFXX,YL0GZ M'CI!]&X_W%`E!J#8\I[;-T^*D:#KYU8J3;8]]/V:+@@] \BE "X*OQ\?G%V,)-G9#IU^*1Y_85+ M!L.&-;D%;)7:.>AS[:X@.;[*?O(+^*91S1JR[^UW=?C,>-M9V';F4JCJH1+\ M(L&=!:!S\NK_#[RV78GG>93=)O-TEF&T9 +$=T;J\3O`$J/5(%D=B29 M@\QC?!;-EEF:Y?]GB8,BW\DCL:0JM#H@ 0@8\/B(N4!L3@@W7-`QBH$6)V).-=WM1 7I0)FY5>1IM'?ED+A:3B?1(.*X.S@!\%TRS:L[PVB M:B^]':MBO`TOU`.\4-Z5\1@`GP^D95^);KDTJ& 79TWUK0EKW >?^]2?]LG:=MLOK M8W[E-=NYWUGK?MW__-/VSIN7]L)8YT"$NMVYEZZ[;3RO+2ZLRML9O[$:OCGQ MILH[^-B R8`DO7BM6=S)(PZYY M!_[;2WEK']&JXB/AJKQY>;U]*7AU@Q#/Y;7LOO=!7: ?&(W7]`X:NR:'C+3]T,PGG2*,XY\B(/(NVWQQ(R$,/N-.RT R9C#:,$]B!IXY?Q'2;T>!X&$//4W[&?B] NS_X_1=6GB\=3' ?O_>][>>PN.W 6=O14CSK.L5KV_'J'RDB*I0,XJL@\%L%( K]6>B+%24Y1C%_[05 M,-WG`[\?5OR9OPY($'XBH5!%68U1/IZ0)X>XGYHD[_+]MN%W!^H=!K&]Y6+U MD`U$5G.B!G:8)2B60JB?A'SGPHJ$\6^!ONW#]6+KO Z'FN]\7E\&P#8IO3?_AVEJ (QD")Z")0>^QF0[*1FE&JS$B"2(I(A213!&9 M`(E6_?H?%XZ9@.B.N&J(;)KZ9AI&]K:C1'H&\K&1)$B3(D(1R1114P!G='VB M3?^BNTWXETU/]X_M2\UH-B8V21!)%9$M8VI+HNB93">F>]'A1O?]%K.8#UL, MD0U0SR*,K&/$08GT-+2^V>^C"=*DB%!%HKX7$D)FP7A(ZJ-D^C-F&J*CC6D\ MMAXB&YUN'V_Q2J2F>FI`8R49,TP021&AB&0Z,?V+SC7A7S8TW7\8H9/NH^N) M@S",6A@$EB2&_^"(S4WW;Y,4:2@BF4Y,_Z*#3?B7C &8:UB'_H$3C&,>()(BDB%!$ M,IV8MD6'&VT/52\;'ZS!X1P:KNWC,M&Z8[^X8D021%)$*"*93DR[HJV-=M%> M([N>. NF_-IMO&-D3 MH$1:O2"2()(B0A')=&+:GFZUONR9/ZX7)=+MHE:+-"DB%)%,)Z9=*(4?U`O K'U*W%L-VZS,1%Y#R;N.BC5G%K/KM74* M_EK#VO2ATPUTN/YZZF^_+!Z3#=P]B#H RWYH>.W_H;EF7=P3=7_>8'[1P;7&?,9B$^ ;^7P```/__ M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`''QY2P &ULC%7;CILP$'VOU']`O&^X8XB2K#:@;2NU4E7U\NR`2:P% MC&QGL_OW'=L)"T[4[DN"Q\=GSEP\7MV_=*WS3+B@K%^[P =AK&.RQAR?>>&#C!M3[4M5[H^ZG78=J[AF')W\/!FH96I&35L2.]-"2 "P=W7Z41?@.W=JTN!C*W^P MTV="]P (2G5&;,U&&CI$1/.$ W;8&)=5Y7@PC:4$\/,-]1F$O:E/LJZ=D'O6^Y18L5K,$A7+XMS%/O1 M'%%,$6F,XC2SRV,06O=,%73O#57*:JM*YSZW!I-J57=1DF>1+;R80 BF3&6=RPQ\*_"MP1B9(4P1Y%LBBBD"!*1Q:#5C:1#7R5.OT]M(N+2:LMJJ MK-1L# @.$]X#WYAOF>]L)I20.N_`6" M?N-FSIN%9(.>-CLF86SKSP,\QP2NMK\` 3[_^ _+X_7PZGE[MI 7Q;OJ?W^I?;J>3RW7[ +G?3I^OU=3V;779/^^/V S_OM?5_H M^#Q+Y_/%[+@]O$Q-#>OS7ZGC]/!PV.VKT^[[ 3J\7EQM MQ]U?J>ZX/7_[_OK+[G1\115?#\^'ZY]]I=/) J_GC8G4^7T\/U!M7-3$?9YM5L-4--GS_='V"!'O;)>?]P-_V2K+M%/IU] M_M0/T'\/^Q^7T?]/+D^G'\WY HXUYTC/P]73ZIE6[>XU0>$:EZWX& M_G6>W.\?MM^?K_\^_6CWA\>G*Z:[T$5VIV>TA/].C@?M`S!]^T?_\\?A_OIT M-\T6-\5RGB5I,9U\W5^N]4&7G4YVWR_7T_%_1BFQ59E*4EL)?D8J>:=@9@OB MIRV8W]P61;ZX7:+U=PKFMN!B*)BF-\MDOLH^*+BT!?'SYUK$RN@':C44?+_% MF1GH?H*J[77[^=/Y]&,"K\=07EZW>@TE:U1F9\8:.\P57&:GM;]H];LI6L XUZ?#[MOFA'TH&=*,Q.SBPD"#T(2;O-)JI8@PPRZ6 M%D$Z4GDM5U`QJADUC%I&G4#29KU+_X3-=E,?>Z=!PF:#TML^?4[G22X#894, M"MY R3 M?F(7B]!26Y=?N\H7=%VL&36,6D:=0-(VO7]';#/;NG!:@XJQAV9I,&5E8K0R M!&9O[KP(S35:N9F?;)DO%WEP>%*N)N]#-:/&H7?;:ZV6;2]=+=,L#?K4N9K, M`7Y\3$KTMA\9(Y,-B#$R"&/DYJSL"^.8X8\0E47HC=-23FMLK*D+!Q:GU3@M M7U?+=75.*V*(WNTCAI@D0!ABT!)A=YA&&K(2?JY70);U"SC/5T4R#U9:Y76 -4[+U]4RZAQB0])X;M-CF=M8%*S9(/B45LNNCB19Y-D\ M6(V5UW'V*XM&#EHS:GQ!?4>R2E>+/%AYK5=Q=7>B(C&+:3P?ZG%@O$F1QHO1 M:HU67L5(620,,W6-4,,%6T:=J$L:HE,:=L?49#IC=[0H6(S!6BBMUK`8YT6X M%+V&&V?ED/?.FE'CD%F*MUEZ&X3]UFNXJCN'(O[[ ,%:E'F=]"* MD7+(!^C:(3\$C4.^KI91YU!?EYQ:G:1$IM;D+F)J#0H6:+#XRM1HY>.;G90V M5:M5Z-03*RTODB0)#LO*U62NG'5J75LD7/NOM-?*]I9ID2:+X":B$^W),9)) MU4=9M+[U#DZ>%HGU;;1R 7ZA:K:6? WMD@,`M75 [,U%JLAT1X@P: MWZ%;K1&J&"E&-:.&4 V- MWI??]'&3W@@?-RBP.SBHE%JLS[O>H2M&BE'-J&'4,NH$DG;K],3;[0)P9K(6 M89M!NJHAC 7[.10$DOV4NZOSJYPW48MP)>>J+9T6UNW0'USMR3--Y;5 !TYG-9GR\M5KHGAN6RJ+1C99R6I'&XWM&SGN&1;A@L2,5S%!I M%;`O:X5L.5^&:]%KN,XJA_IH+> F\)MH?2EL$4Z$64Y*LT.&!4 M7F,8%HLB$U;$`W./@YZ96#WV%JLU 5%9KA)1# M?$] L_`,;@OJ%..=[ M>A2#)-0B>4;*@V$I MO9:?;U/7Z-BD6*MFU#!J&74"29OC6T/!6X-%H]NVDE'%2#&J&36,6D:=0-*0 M^#:#[M(D&70K`T>PDY2V(+3\)`T%'5*L53-J&+6,.H&$;8@?X[VB=\P/+N#Z M(G+Q6Z2O?H9EG85_12V]EC.R8J08U8P:1BVC3B!IM]PCS8* ^"W" 51_"T*2%)(^Y)(D@Z0_FI$D M=Q];A9*L6.OK0725)`M(^@P@E!3+M=XN(V6*6TCZ.P@JLX*D=\=0LIBC;WTT M"B4IRN#:)]).AC(F,P[+9!@W_+DB5@;C!F>)23!NYI!"M6' >E:127X M;N]+=!0Q\-%QQ[!']?6@1WK[)5]_P1)B,S:8BR@O$A@>:P*G/I@7DRA(]`DK MTDJ1H;98.S@GH;:81$&BSQZ1VO+E>F,.>H$#E9#H2P(N@TN*M;XK8,DF7Z%O ML ##`/=C`TDW4 M4KQL6I=1205)%97@#=-:/^'A=O"4::U?\K"D@:2)2C9IBK[%ECP>U*$',0E> MS:$',0D>SZ$',0G>T,$/8A(\E,.XQ22;=(Z^Q B M;S$)WFBB;S$)WF&B;S$)'EZO]7MD'FL\ME[K9\DLP1-K1..89)/ %2,OL7*X-TP^A:3X+L:2&)C@(\V((G- M7)G`1_%!`? 8!._K,6Z]9#9T`1^EOVX?]__ &\_ZO4V7R_;GZYFN=L MDZ^G*SY'[S^G?L*_,[#'$\.Y?H3P &ULC)1M;]L@$,??3]IW0+QOL!TG6:(X5;JJ6Z5-FJ8]O"88VR@&+"!- M^^UWP$+S5*EO+', N8*?11E(' M2],2.QA.ZW!(]J3(LBF15"@ B%>PE0C"1;/+9*&[KIH>[GO*3LP`Z+"[P4S&BK&S ?S&B_B84 M![&A3;X!&ZVWWO6Q]B8X3"Y./X0&_#"HY@W=]>ZGWG_EHNT #P=36;9."\F&&VX=0_"G\6([:S3\F]TRD/TR`HY MW%-'5TNC]PCZ"MYVH/Z6Y(L":F?>N/;6"L,%`YX%Z]-J7,Z7Y`G*8/]][J(/ M?)-/GCP(T%,(R/=*"&_U(7R=/N9=-!SSBNN\\56>MX(B1^F,)UD"Q!#1IPR" M'&=8GA"1[T`Q'8&J!SV\0X6GT-M4[*4@T2D_ X'[[%!XM9_#R M#![G(]Y-R4W+/_.^MXCIG?+M`'RRIK% `#(;S4!4$P PD1LM(/Y";\=O(L F3'E'@``#9X``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULG)W) MGKZ^.U] _KP\/73N_/__J_\/Z[/SUY>;[]^N/WR]/7^W?F_[E_. M__'^W__ME[^>GG]_^7Q__WH&"U]?WIU_?GW]EEQ>OMQ]OG^\?;EX^G;_%9*/ M3\^/MZ_XS^=/ER_?GN]O/QP+/7ZY7%Y=;2\?;Q^^GL\6DN>?L?'T\>/#W?WA MZ>Z/Q_NOK[.1Y_LOMZ^H_\OGAV\O8NWQ[F?,/=X^__['M_^X>WK\!A._/7QY M>/W7T>CYV>-=4GWZ^O1\^]L7W/ * M\CW?7-Y [S^^._]UD4S7R_/+][\ @]O(TXF`K\]/?UN5*L/!J'P)97.CQ$8G\\^W'^\_>/+ZW\^ M_57>/WSZ_(IP;TR1NZ .-+; _\F;7$A4S3_D-G''WZGE`@W@ M6$WSC[]5SX5$W_S#EOQ_M*&%M`7S#VOFYQH1VK6MNFL./]>,%M(:S#_$3XN? M:H$+:0_F'U)4=?'EW.../?5P^WK[_I?GI[_.,/PA-B_?;LU@NDB,%=M';91. MO1:#QYU1_]7HOSM',T)_?`']\_UJL_GE\D\,`W=69\\ZBU`C%0TS%!BSAQAD M, 2!2[C]Y'LT\K_E>Z-O?"]>VPMP MP5A&CA8-*7*(01:#/`9%#,H85#&H8]#$H(U!%X,^!D,,QAA,'@@ K"S4)X'#=%CA$1/^YGLD(?\MQ_ M';G_I"3%#D0R(CF1@DA)I")2$VF(M$0Z(CV1@ 12X^*9U _)V43MXGDA')B11$2B(5D9I(0Z0ETA'I MB0Q$1B*33P+O(]'RO2]CB,&ABV ]IV43BXFDA')B11$2B(5D9I(0Z0E MTA'IB0Q$1B*33P(7FQQ6\_&1ATX6%`XCJV@8 4X_SL*__P`UBU5Q M/&84=8(H&TUMP:`3G`I*B\]8*V=4,"H958QJ1@VCEE''J& UC\U\;Q8"$:(H'G%6ZK3$^0=&&:. MT )R>!'->A +*:RT^- [!FIH5:3,^.71@E#'*&16, M2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V,1D93@$(/FX1*\[!-M/QF/:/E]M324[/D#@][Z,`H M8Y0S*AB5C"I&-:.&4 G=/RZQ6E MW3T7'/2"428Y.BVYH2E`0;2641YKW]D=EWM?/S_ 45Y,=AUO+>-!VLEH 9^$"V',HL\/^06+3$)\$(6)1>% MTY([+-E6Q5HUHX91R[8ZUNI9:[!HZ^YQ9#0%*`Q&E#!+0K#DK-BB3>BHZ!&3 MBI89^OY\O[M:K#9749L]6)VU"U]F$5X(BW_ST-+R9K/;;:(QH6!+)5NJ1,M_ M];F\BAIQ+5JK8\VW^/@INK=&-%R]6[Y:QUH]:PVL-3*:`A0&+LJL3X'C]'DY M(P1.?)M:M';?,1PL\B*0, H9#8Q& M1E.`0@^_D2N;S^%,0N;JN+=HA<>&&T.NH^=V:K76P1SM.II7' 4Z M:JR9:+FL,! T -CFSYN$YEPXZQXQ6 MR`%/#7IU'4W;4_/\-4X/FOV".H>UY0*8V8+>N)5KME;7T7R_D()^=Z2.5HJ6 MNV+ES)ONL5S@>]/P_4CM-*2Y-&RG9=0QZAD-C$9&4X#"X)ET7`O>G*8'P9L1 M@B=WDBYGA$@).ECDQ2!CE'/!0K1 M@DVIJ'YP0\\/",HF='-."F)B6 FS'*G1&_)T:-MY"" M04^,'T"E:+F!K7+F31U7FXN;S97WOZC_U4Y=VE'#1EM&':.>T OB-'-UTA6B"95'T#(GRZM1J! WF(\8XBC/R M'R96:^? ?R-'7W&.;M'.'[M7U]'3(K5:F\UQ?K^^6M\@5PBG,`?1 0R87 M+6MILT.:'LWL"M%QEDJV5%FTPSVY7DDYNFC-U]LM+E;14Z7AJ[5\M8Y1SVA@ M-#*:`A0&[HT &JUKETV H3$.;K5BAXAT4+0 M06S]X!$R5R(8M6:$=1 L&35 H9#8Q&1E.`0@^;9-E[8LLJR&I.HOTDQ"+S]#^-OIRC M6RU,:IT638`.8LN-#QFC7+.UNJ'.8/-]_WE& H9#8Q&1E.`PN"9G- !LPBVI-&G%EV[)G@0Y!:_,BGH.E`N6JY@( 0_-RSRE[-$R\V',D'.E[D@+Q Z*M/3+YBMG_CC=VEQL@Z7?:*&N=NJNK]A+N]MH M^3H=HY[1P&AD-`4HC&24M_]H[K7F?-XB1%CN,+7(7^JRR%NQRJ2@\T/.!0M! M;FI7 )EFUUC'I&`Z.1T12@T/-OY/.8S=`H9;-KOW>LXA?5 MJ2UHE[J6U]NKW3IZMW(0';?&D5F$A0 )U$Y>C(,-1OY/]KSO\MP@JI1".UR%\ N-OF.3;S=8E6RI$A0\H6B96*ZW/$[7 M]+Y#EVO%MJM!%QK2^@Z9& L^?`Z.,4 _`*&.4,RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4,QH8C8RF`(5.?V,%`(M; NK>$G&%O2''D89HYQ1P:AD5#&J&36,6D8= MHY[1P&AD-`4H#,@;J?Z&4WV+(J='B4/JM%POL`FQFTEFK)4S*AB5C"I&-:.& M4 ,_9-W)9T_B]'^NDC`Z,,D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J M&+6,.D8]HX'1R&@*4.CA-[)O9,\TEECD#^[+)37KDY9KUH0R,>_&^YQ1P:AD M5#&J&36,6D8=HY[1P&AD-`4H='J4!__$M'+#*;)%T3`3+:2G3LO%8[;E#? H9#8Q&1E.`0@^;/$_S\)S_!1Z>$7Z' M(`TVW1`Z,,H8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4,NH8]0$*'15EG*>FR&DE'G6F*?H_NF=T M8)0QRAD5C$I&%:.:4 H#%/HTRO1^Z%/.`+ _3&>''%/.G;/'Z=&;-0,&Y\U1&4&&UT)L$E:Z@M1P%JG(*4J9FU+#E MUFE9R]&3MG,*8KD/4.CJ*+^3?HZMON)YET5F8P*O`48K^JG5PJ*?7/U@D7GI M=2I(+Q,SIR4% "KU@Z6ZX@7;%R6G+%^J>NV/`56V?K.U?L MG)9 :TY$YR MME4P*EU!WWRT'E8Y+3%?LZV&4>L*^N:CE9_.:8GY/K`5.OV-Y`]S+^HB,_(_ MI;9:@8=G+7A8KIY9+0_E7+!@5'+!BE'-!1M&+1?L&/5!P=!1)K]2)E=;FW>Y M(6%OD9FHN4:VB->#K);W'N!@4?!APCK^(4SFM,3#.=LJ&)6NH%^O:(2MG):8 MK]E6PZAU!7WST:.A 6\T,JOE MH9P+%HQ*+E@QJKE@PZCE@AVC/B@8.LID3%KKM)F4WSIG%(Z=\=P@Q GI'GN\P6]%!ND5>P8%1RP8I1S04;1BT7[!CU M0 WF]G=(-YJ#=V1D_0U&H%\["YH-?9,ZOEH9Q1P;9* MUJH8U8P:MM6R5L>H#U#@.WS6I/KNR,-4RZ*H9T?3@]1J> [DJO-QB@9\:1-/Q6@RYRS6,6D'?O5P7 M7FX=K;CV8N1XJ3!`)F52&O=N3J7\QFV1/PI8%$1C+NA]E9-9+7\4X((%HU*0 M2PLKME6+EN]'6PF'6M%RMCJVU8N6XBB3=6F.,CQJR3,*9U#Q+[I2T]#-,\H- M'P>+;NP'*HO- D*FO:_6RWB5WR5TQ#3-=MI&+46X1N) MV?1-O!%!YS3$=!_8"9OD&YF4^3(N]O2,_&F3U0K "!:.2 M"U:,:B[8,&HM@M^D7AVC/B@8.NJ-[`>_O2%'G;(?[\%$+V9LP:`[SP7Q:U83 MVS7>U%.+/&G(7>1LIV!46G0SFUY>7]W$TR6G(:9KMM,P:EW!XV!_O8E_R-PY M#3'=!W9"1[^1/9E3?.(6.2.T;K&;6JW`J[,6O"I:F6@YE`MRHUC!J+0(;A1; M%:.:"S:,6B[8,>J#@J&CWLAXS#)1["B;\;A,.[5:6-"5.SDPRACEC`I&):.* M4 T ##*&.6,"D8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6,!D8CHRE`83S>2-.N.4T3%`[[ MT4)7ZK2 H9S0P M&AF98\^MOW#; )>=[`!DEN(#G.,6/)]15.73_FXR0QY[$??U9'DJ6 3XBR$JLX7D^%D+27:0'%\/Q)(=RF#"J%QGAS*8U2B2!>J&\V`T">HV?R\2 M7V>!Z^"P#:7,&AZ=5W?B,AMX%)^-*V4V\"B^;58D")P:-UQ$C=H"U\`I9XJE M!:Z!H[@T":*&\Z(TR0J28RX5W0ORP\2D/ESFUT7RJVX+IA3]/2ZNZN/2VI5_ M72>_HE?PA?>(HAI$T[XT?410#:!I)XH^%FEPRUJ5]G#&7G5&"HE)>;FV!TA, MFLL2+!@D)MME"=8-$I/TL@3+!XE)=%F"-8+$Y+LLP5)!8M)>EF#%(#&I+DNP M=@H?J&&$=_:J=["V!Q]H?L,2'WR@2;",!Q]H$JSFP0>:!(MZ\($FP 1@TT"5:Y40--@L7NQ"S4\G6P MP(VZ:9(])'M5@G 3X$U>8MY( M\?W@A5YBWD*Q!&_L$O,RBB6'[4UB7@&Q!*]\$O-"AR5X@0-KF@3OP%$W;33` MJW#439/@73>L:9(]:KU7:XUWL4FJ2@Z0F#>$7.L L :!%]%P`>:!!]'P`>:!-](P`>:!!]!P`>:!)^`H0;:TP6?:L&:)L$G5?". M)MG#.WO5._B>"3[0_(;/FE`#38+OEN`#38+/E^`#38*OF%!K38+/E.`#38(? MYR;FAZ` V)^%\T2 M["*!,EK=L)D$RF@2["F!F&J2&A*S40%?!]M'(*::!+M((*::I%EC',7V'6P- MN[6@C";!IBV(J2;!WBV(J2;!%BZ(CR;9HVY[M6[8ZR,Q^T)PW;##!V*J2;#1 M!V*J2;#?!V*J2;`[$VJM]3ELTH1::Y(][F>OWD\*B=D:1JOU"K76)-C@![76 M)-CG![76)`4D9ML8ODX)B=D]AB78U@=M1Y-@VRQ8T^X4NV?!FB;!)EJPIDFP M419:E2;!?EEH59H$VV:A56D2[$D':]K8BZWI8$V38( ]1MK]8-&YXAVEJML $>38!MA>$>38#=A>$>38%-A>$>38&]AM%Y-@HV[84T;D;!_ M-ZQI$FSC#6N:9(_K[-7KI)"DJ@1[/R,*6MTR2,R.P^S1'!*S\3!+L-LSHJ!) ML.DS6J\FP8;J**/=#_951QE-@NW5$[.]-]>@AL3L\LT2;*6.:&L2[*B.:&L2 MG%B`,MJ(A(,+4$:3X/P"Q%23X!@#Q%23X#0#Q%23[%&WO5HW;'N/F&JUQF;W MB*DFP9[WB*DFP=;WB*DFP6$DJ+4V(N%,$M1:D^QQ/WOU?G"H!6JMW2D.LD"M M-0D.KT"M-0G.L$"M-0G.K4"KTB0XO@*M2I/@%`NT'4V"0V1@3;M3'!P#:YH$ MY\?`FB;!N3!H59H$Q\.@56D2G!*#5J5) ]S/7KT?'-Z5F&.AV` B^.4$5.MU^,T7TBT=22 _5.4TC, M:>= ?H MP4=KEZ=WDB_O?_EV^^F^NWW^]/#UY>S+_4>\";\Z'C3^_/#I\^D_7I^^F0/' MSWY[>GU]>CS^\_/][8?[9Z.-KU`_/CV]RG_@1B[_>GK^_>7S_?WK^_\3```` M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`]V\/2(L,``#]-@``&0```'AL+W=O M*[)L"['4AJ0D,V^_/YNLYJ$8V7,3QU\5B^1/-KO(IC_]_N?A=?)C=SKO^^/# M-+B93R>[X[9_W!^?'Z;_^2/_[6XZ.5\VQ\?-:W_ Q/ MW\XON]UE@@C'\\/TY7)YBV>S\_9E=]B U>-Q>T__RR?SM3 MM,/V(^$.F].W[V^_;?O#&T)\W;_N+W\-0:>3PS:NGH_]:?/U%?W^,X@V6XH] M_,+"'_;;4W_NGRXW"#>3#>5]OI_=SQ#I\Z?'/7H@9)^ SS MIT&@_^YW/\_&_R?GE_YG A0(A6>L=#Z,P+]. MD\?=T^;[Z^7?_ 7F8 M+FYOEJOY(@B7T\G7W?F2[T79Z63[_7SI#_^33D/3QR`+%00_59#ES=UR&=W> MK1#D2L%(% +8/E>U6N5$G\I*;./U8GGJFAL?A)==YKB:\T]EX5Q$]5 "2WPOV+\'^88FPPR\^@/SY'X>K3 M[`<>KJWR67.?P/9(R$,\8")LZH+,!;D+"A>4+JA &"T@65"VH7-"YH7=`9P!()\\D4 MB>:0P%@XK3ET9W=^+7V6]Z-@"2,I(QDC.2,%(R4C%2,U(PTC+2.=22QEL(+[ ME!'X87J+9>C*XR6=@OG5AS#17N/\X2CC*.>HX*CDJ.*HYJCAJ.6HLY"E'-YA M/N4$'I2CWJXE,6 ,I(QDC.2,%(R4C%2,U(PTC+2,=":Q=,`"X=-!8%L'2 S=BUW%YV6^_K?MA[T+OZ H%9S.T%)M5>5##C*.?A"^UEAG U'XSD*V MS")GY#GUKV66.2;>^A1\+383F)N6S!*%&-U1YC!PUO%4%807Q 1U MM;+6KBR\=Z=-1V&&RNRQ$"FL,1;OKADRY;7&2"*,$ 2XGZVKES/G4\"#9LY')\R@Y@V6D133J7HQN M>"#&M29:1'8;2L.-:JA&AD$9BX:1\ZC5RLVHM!E+AJI'3IG6 T4N.)1:HX:7=`;N-5V"MQ946Q910YNR/KN*BES M=DMNB83 4HTRAI2Z8*V1H6_"")4 @ARJE_+ M5I#7U6RP)*_%\*Q$H9,Y5&37==6\KH:\KM;5*B_JV'+EO#XZ"L,SS_!O;J,& M?V>(Y)[)S#R5EYEY$M*S-".DL\5 K"$O7;`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`NO@*, M7%YS78?WL9BD4,"U+.:X`3NLPLPRWHUU+%A=$6W8*3H67*?],KQ[';Y&J&$E M _B6*OT`13S>B&%=[/'P9XZ:+A]_&N.;AX>C9D.DX# S"T6J?!9MLJ..SK*';^A>Z16BU3U'L\=!JGP5;/;3: M9\&.#UK[+-C28>[X+#4L]2\L KBL^!,%1KX+#A-A08^ M"SY*Q>+C"M U5S=\&XG%X3RO!U]`8G%&SRWX$!*+ MHWINP?>06!S/ ,3BE)Y;:EC$83VWK-&?M; ] #7"!!6WS MJ8.;*VB;SX(++&B;SX)[++&X?,$UP-T5M-IG66.A\+UC 7\\3UYW3\@IY\,5LY/\\R7YRT7>-YE\[2_X:R1Q]63R M@C\SV^'NTERD\4]]?Z%?T*C9^(=KG_\/``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!& MS-G?]R```/N?```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ]"5YQ.P6,SN7JMMN2VT;1F2>GKF[?=GDI%D\&=) MZIN6^XM@D`R>@LRLY/N__^O[MZM_WCT^W3_\^'"=O5M=7]W]^/3P^?[';Q^N M_^ _AQ]^'ZWW=/UW__^)__\?[/A\??G[[>W3U?P O]\^XW\??[MY^OEX=_MY3O3] MV\UZM=K??+^]_W%M+>2/;['Q\.7+_:>[\N'3']_O?CQ;(X]WWVZ?4?ZGK_ O]M_OG?\]&KZ^^?\J[WWX\/-[^^@WU M_E>VO?TDMN?_(?/?[S\]/CP]?'E^!W,WMJ! O#G\WC_>?Q_L &_ M5]_O32=`W6__-?_]\_[S\] 7$'_?5#?4?"XA_DI&;ZS; MR:7$W[]6MPR=S'8%T]M "+S/I*.8? M;ZKCC>WT\V`I;Y]O/[Y_?/CS"E,0BOOT\]9,:%ENK+EAXKK`,G`P@#\9]5^, M_H=K-`I&Q!/H/S]FI^W[FW]B)'YR.N>$CM8H1,.,1F.VC$$5@SH&30S:&'0Q MZ&,PQ&",P12`&[AL\1L:[2_YS>@;OTF-SP*\(]>1DT1#DI0QJ&)0QZ")01N# M+@9]#(88C#&8`J" TP_+PPOIX2>>5FI6)26WD.D(E(3:8BT M1#HB/9&!R$AD"HGR%I:DE+ _]@")2$JF(U$0:(BV1CDA/9"`R$IE" MHOR`L"+E!X.U'RQQD:!9>PHB)9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`8B(Y$I),H/6)E#/[CU M_-T!'>CYZ_VGW\\/&!G9LIP;=>T?2S*_4A66K)%E,*@V>KXN%R495!61FDA# MI"72$>F)#$1&(E-(E,L0)_X5EQEU[3)+0I=9LC[.`=)ZE4414KG(%V\1J2W9 M^89H%AT3=L%JU`;M(A>K'9&>K`Z+CK,:39?C(A>K4TB4)TT`';I2%OR9:Y\Y M%#K-H37,+QUMG9VBCN:UI#P5HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V,1D:30MI1)JP,PN[%43; Z4K?>Z1)T8\MGUC`9!+V8WZNS6A^,QJC\.'&9?;NS)01C.FTU8 MLD%L:*L:Q"(TB+11,:=&1.NCU=(AU%VT*M'R=:T9-8*\K99M=:+E;?6,!D'> MULBV)M%*>,7$KZEN:N-:Y16+#G#.,GBWNZ@!"K/#1&?>;.S$N%T?C[I#E%[# M^\TEF@^+YNUB+5H>-8*LZ0R[TLATZS7$="?(V^D9#8) GJ%JC5Q#+DZ#9 MLA[[)LP-G/K:$HU#LGC! 1 ZHC6B]F%WKM%QVV2%;':() MOA-#/KN>LQM$Z\7L1IW=9K4]KO0HG,3.G)MN#Q.!!^WQ:N^U$;MJ)XLV?FHL M,HNV]DS5G@A9=/#=JQ(MWY=JAY3+R5;KM`);'=OJV=8@6KY $2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V,1D:30LHKZPN[CYEKKSB$ M:4Z&2\&H9%0QJADUC%I&':.>T BX7/K&0V"7LQM%"V;VV:[.4:=:1*-.3?='"803S6' M#=!5 5B?(V^H9#8*\K5&0 MMS4)2G@EVA(LHYE#?[.ZFNZ'*';I?MM=M!$MG)8[93NA_^GA7GH%\60EEOU` MKADU/J&9[S.\'1+M2ENO(:8[MM,S&GQ"8_IPW$4[T-$KB.5)F=$]S AMU8P:3M@RZCAASVC@A".C22747C%Q?LHK M-OY7X\^B:#J,CKD*L]B:_F@G@VR?;:/^4'H-\6XER(^JFE$CR)H^K%;1%-IZ M!;' T:#(%?H;!\_W_`*8GD2Q*,7:Z;RZ6O!X*RO]QX.A7.=('^P43*J M!/EHNA;D7=`(\K9:1IT@;ZL7Y&T-@KRMD=$D:+:E>J#I3ZD>.//(*W9#L0N7 MH^T^FA4*EU`.RO`\81-UE-*K2'-6#FW];J]V"$47K @U) MU+'IGDT//J$QO=UL3M$D/GH-,3TIT]JM *;& MJ&)4.X3G*N+TAK5:1AVCGFT-K#4RFA32CKJPGS!'C''WL 9TNO)5ZI'#(AY&)^O8V&72U:X5BUY8IRC*:"EG/LQ-:+.?:BY7, C6R+S+G%XCL.#EW"+59NK[6//%QZ M+2EVY9!YC+4D3#2-+83JZ19%.48Q: ")&S6-V[KHN#UR>N$21GTXVLR57DN*73FDG_7SJ'&%\'VX M\;9"1T5+4>NU),?N33GVHN5S'+PMG^,ZBR;:T6M)CI.RI=LAVC^]&H'QOFJS M[*LDO\*A@R][R:@2Y+>IM=CR"1O1\JAEU`GRMGJV-8B6MS4RFAS:)>+5:&?T MJK=XQV2VGYA[S/G4,A-L#Q2962T\N51J45.7SIA1$]]7CAW50TONSRX#/_"; MP%A8M"C`;P,UR;-[4YZ]I/1Y#H*B>D9+SQBH29[3:WGJ;F[V6JF5P.[!PLV; MF0C00/H-H ZMQV MQ_TAZBZ=V/&Y]0X%N0VB]6)NH\XMVVS6T5P[B9TY-]4:QFUA:[PVC&9]O5X[ M%+XVY%#XU-NAX$EU)5I^$U8[%/B@$2T_G;1LJQ,M;ZMG6X-H>5LCVYI$:[:E MO15M^\A;T5-O."!>0AT*W_]G5#*J&-6,&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*:%-+>,ONQ8*3/ MWMH #00+8H !(B':-@5#*J&-6,&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*:%-)>B?8DR^S#>X^M1>&; M)XQ*1A6CFE'#J&74,>H9#8Q&1I-"VBLF8@]&$(4!T6]1 =]8,T@BJG5;XYHE/Z"Q'K=)Z!3'3,>K9\N"UG.5H M>S-Z!;$\*:3\NHNB>1FN,]?!@D.A_QPRSXB6#L@_4_%:4J"*4 VH*)!?',4!.Q[)F(ZF-Z&'Z!"N %@6%:.UNO MUX?HD*H20_Y >T2#HQ=Q&G5NVVL 9!FVT/Z7^$0G"^H=`B>%E2)EJ]KS:@1Y&VU;*L3+6^K M9S0(\K9&MC6)5L(K%V+_' 'H% $I*C:M'R';;QMH*$\ O)>8G94L[_ .6J*?[9:."T7#^%'D]0+K1FUC%L4'!'7 MSDR`FLCR+OXY =>6^KE80>=8*\K9YM#:+E$XZ,)D&S+>4M MG$TI;TD'G+G>WSBDY\)H;BY$"1&.G]$H:G=:F+5-BZ>>'8F&/Q&J'0J.69LW MY=:*+9M;ZMF1:/C<>LYM>%-NH]BRN:6>'8D&/PW91YNHUW;QLW[42G9S%4Z> M3BM;!;.G,'QW0#ITM3#_,*=V3#G=YA"::Y>DWERW,&^N9W.#J`6E&X4%I9L6 M-IO3G=AL8%XZ/8H>(NWMA@?M('4_.X2!(JA@5#*J&-6,&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*: M%-+>NK`'VO,>R"%]K'^,C_6]EOBN9%0QJADUC%I&':.>T H9#8Q&1I-"VBOAQN:$"=Q^[&_/^QJ'PE-] M1B6CBE'-J&'4,NH4TA4)MP%!17@7L+ /$[3GN.N!T*CRX=TF?G\2]Z2J\E0[]B5#-J&+6,.H5TG4W,*E/^&^IL M0UPUXUNDZFS1Y>/N_:+@JTNH=EH(446K\0E-P)/X'I-7D#2=0KKR)H#TE5^& MH(TK524M4I6TZ)4SZ?VB)>6I&-6,&D8MHTXA53>\5I>JVXQUI..0/C:)/Q)3 M.*T@_BX958QJA\(?,+)6RZA32- S*X5+9O=_H3.KG]DUHD&[T;,WB+1 ML6 `@Z9^%TPIV_Z4@OSNJ!(55=;8\:D3+GR2T@KRM3E"B(F&,%;0T MAU@'B\P+?[ZE3]&K=(73DL ,3VA/LU3K:T[5> M0TQWRH[NXV'0%-2 $I\C7I= "V>/MA02;G)(K4Z680'Z%+;TB4,4.409B71 MJAT*3V`X8 FX,];+K$/F`'N9";;QJ"E$R[X*GJU7FVVT M@)5>12I6.807R`35#@7=O?$)3 LE5\HMUZ#;'3*=.J;8]A"(8I=:D[QV"S MZOR:@M@M'#KZ@^&2427(+VRU0ZIB-L?`5BL)O?E.T&Q+UR2,E *5R*.BA-:/&)PP+$;T^T7HM,=^)+51B*?W% MU>@8!EYFR7QE,SSK1WW>1F38?DD1"J 40?F$C"6M!?CPWG+!EU#ED M)P+=[F&`%;8[1UA'BZ+1&^\BG)9Y1]_[EW818NOR&*_$4#B@.2X3K1>S:W5V MI]4^_I5_)W;X%QC',')[2Q_@D&XV$8U]JX67\Z5U2Z>%A550Y1#>_Q14.Z3& M/MEJV5:G;.D^$,9 T H9#8Q&1I-"VBLFK$IYQ89;RBL61=TGW@0=%RW??0A5K%4S:ABUC#I& M/:.!T VA8_[;*)-6"5V9N?K(D #4J!*M1.X7XJ,3QT *NDSIM:0"E9A';_9;NN`S":H"V>K"PFL%>N45%K5NM(TO%C7WBOGV1`\L M`I6EW`OC1L8YL&[EUW;V-D%<>KLTA@=SHH?/B$@YR@3#S3$N[;S;BSQX88') M5KS""(LFE'A7+FJO;,M%#3\$,>=C^^-Z$\7 #66C`+H,R6F7#^+:/HPI*2K7A-$:8>A>"&'?V@%*/()G7K199E].N20"5P MMDUF3QRB!K^PBN#'11A>L8LM"Q];B%ZP:L!Y5B]@ `N([NE!XMS2I$L0K*0KOK-DI8+/%9 ZU1!KRS(Z\-5?W?'@TD7-=P)F :,,( MW1,MTZ=F610EHR )P:/$X%%B\"@Q>)08 M/$H,'@V9]>A- YCXC2UI$R9/EWN6XACB5SP&FYGU!7+;L",F\.X@E6V1OG[J1 M!/7!YICS,7%?/D=U+#LC&,KQGY173 C5 84 MAR4X1LK-80Y+ 8C](2C&R[ MXX]:]WS$R,:3,R[;&34])VM:0%(D)24DYKD[6\/K![EY_,Z2&A+S%)XE#21- M4G(^8NC@)0Q.@_=D4(*4!"_"H`0I"=Z'00E2$KP6@WZ0DN"]%_2#E.1\1'?$ MBT&ILJ$S)B5XVPIE2Z7!2U MD65K9]3TG*PI7F&%M90/\)XJZI.2X'55U" N?DZ!4OP)0]X)R7!!SW@ MG90$7^R`=U*2,_QV3OH-'YG(S= ,4)]4#\%WBE"?E`0?T$&I4WT4'[I!"5(2?)`&^:0D9_CMG/0; MO@:#?%(>Q>=>X)V4!)]X@7=2$GSI!65+2?`-L=Q\#XO]AN^&H=0I";X7!N^D M)&?X[7S!;U@7DI(*: #E;P^?A HII@3DQ) CWZ0JFD-B?FJ/->TV&"&Q44I+&D@,?>XL`0WLJ`^* &Q%S`P1) 3$ERO!A^DO(-;UM`^*0DN6T-]4A+ D!!=[PUHJ M3;'&7(6;?]@:+I%&/JEY!U="(Y^4!! ":]ADBU>23G`&2,2F9()F2DC-* .H*CZ8D>/8*CZ8D>`*+UDY)S@AA4R.N,$?[B7%08"%+ MC8\&2U**#QA0*8ZG*_#6O%+=+(')T\?W/V]_NYMN'W^[__%T]>WN"Q[)KN;/ M'3W>_V9^[VG_Y_GA)[YF?WWUZ\/S\\/W^9]?[VX_WST:!;QJ]N7AX5G^!T/Y MYL^'Q]_GQ[X?_U\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`E"T.+DX"``#R!``` M&0```'AL+W=O 9K.B*1"X:A0FK=H MZ*81C#]JMI= $\=U&\[,=BSFF1OD9/4[/;#'=-R`(FMZ(5[#J(8258^ MM4H;NNVA[U,VI>RL'0XW\E(PHZUN7`)R)!9ZV_. U@`Z\[ >^E1["(+)3?0F#."; M035OZ+YWW_7Q,Q=MYV#:(1_3/62")Y+"KP!T3D\5SB&#J%U7X [32987 M&&VY=1OA8S%B>^NT_!U)6 M4(-C]31Y W`%R45>3I*!131 Q@>.W@W\)AK=($R(W6[GSPG\7XMUK^`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"``` M`"$`A(.X7M@#```3#0``&0```'AL+W=O ;"^-/XD2(C("A%45\DK);)XFH3J0IQ8QUI(4G!\:;4L(M M/R:BXZ3 `T729-2=O8,*SY:SC8X4`K\I%5YX:TTI!P4I U>QI@.*':VI_*M)XZBIUE^.+>/EKH9]OZ!Y65VY] ,^K9)4`TW:SI[`#E?:(DT,1WZ/U`U[%R7:C$_2;DHL8_(_$ MB5T^ OFB?R]T+T]%C.>S.5[D=P@OXFA'A'RD:G$ R[#@G@5^>Y9L.5OD:?8*DL1$I'?RL93E=L/9)8+V`)>B*U6SH36& M%%8*O%=H$4.?0E`"T. NB#B. 5I9E- ME%.Y?$R.EM!SEEX9N/0&\>CG87HU!V^]IV-'^6H&DKCVH;)P^0WB\2_"_"N' M_\JI4)?3(%Z^EV%.5>E!T%=2#;NL/33N-N5H0&%JMLAG^6W?VL2C4ZM`I6[A M\HDHE9ANJ;51&HU!2]M>4WQ`&XC2E5FH.LCHR:$SD!?EW4248=TA*[Q;E`8* M1!G6%$QAO\@]Y%7Y-M2 NK&S^QG+2EL'\! &PAM:")88S#:M&P1SNE%G78"(P% M#7L4_3L(F&ZO"30QQW%8+1KV:(V``B7^OUKP6"T]I.;0(,J)MP%VU1)H=6WA M!6R$XWF8>#?`67.87NW![=.QEO0:&.ON%ORQ;HZ@YN#6$'XD'TA=BZABYQ8V MKLYM%K5'WWNLIKR/S]?WYDB 2 M=?J\N&,2CJCZ[PD^/@@ V_P```/__`P!02P,$%``& M``@````A`#]O,_.I$```A$P``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE)Q=;QLYLH;O%]C_8.A^;75+LJ1&G$7Z^^L`!XO= CR5/%:E;QJYIL^L,__WAZO/I]_WHZ')_O9LGU?':U?[X_ M?CD\?[N;_>??]3\VLZO3>??\9?=X?-[?S?[ GE]?][LM4Z.GQ M)IW/;V^>=H?GF;:0O?Z*C>/7KX?[?7F\__ZT?SYK(Z_[Q]T9]3\]'%Y.UMK3 M_:^8>]J]_O;]Y1_WQZ #R [K/NV_/Q=??Y$7[_D2QW]];V M]`\R_W2X?SV>CE_/US!WHRO*/F]OMC>P]/'#EP,\4&&_>MU_O9M]2K)QM9C= M?/PP!>C_#OL?)^__KTX/QQ_-Z^'+>'C>(]IH)]4"GX_'WY1J]T4A%+ZATO74 M`O_[>O5E_W7W_?'\K^./=G_X]G!& [V>+V>K6>+Y)T-;OZO#^=ZX,J.[NZ_WXZ'Y_^7RLEQI0VDAHC^(T8>:?@ MPA3$KRFXNDXWJV1UJY[^3L&E*8A?4S!=7J^3^7:Q?K\@I)._^+4%Y]?+=+7> M3`Z_\\A;4Q*_IN3R.EG.?U;3M2F&W[_F(H;B5%/\VIK^FHM;4Q"_MN`ONIB@ MG^G>H#J =FIV23%DSG=[TH\LPP&B\5^J?E/[=#/%%!S^!_OXQ7 "/@1#"$8/B)A@`J*8+.:7GJ+$ MF!E%3PGZ0:YU5MM+G`HB)9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`8BHT]$/#"O^O&P(T;AN]DM M9H=WAHQ10O=[6ZFX*%VZ")&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`8BHT]$;+!TQ&*C\!0;ZU%N M"/J R$!D](D(!%;"6"`4EH'09(&(>H%8 M!(&X*%T"0:0B4A-IB+1$.B(]D8'(Z!,1"*SML4`H+`-AR-+-$41*(A61FDA# MI"72$>F)#$1&GPBOU;N"M]S:.4)AZ;4FZ:WSFDA)I")2$VF(M$0ZGXCZ(S^* MU5]A67]-3/JLEOB"2$FD(E(3:8BT1#J?B/JK;,UWP.0[URH#/C\ Y6_>-[;,:>RW:#3&B2\U%HI>I1KVF0;-NU%RU:H,K90T**:4 UF(VO>64OZ)=]/WA.5EL2"9-(55\-\4KV;K=:7 M5BL,0D1L0Y8&P7V+*JOE;-6,&HN (\:(1NH)?H6#D%XG14DO&[Q^7F^UVG@:5+IV. MK71ET%)O+ZGUL38(;U!6JW$%E?'%&L-L&^3"K=.QQ3IA7+H/9WSW?]I_E'ZP M_&DD1HA&:S=HRH109=#2I32U0 _K`3MIX';5-B(5'A6[OA7AFT=+&J#4*J;UNP TR#=Z=6Z=CBW7"N`R+RHC>"TN8]RC]H.$U0ECL\XI$HX5KTI)199'O MLBGHNTRV6EO0F>\LFFP)#],@L[,C>^+2$X,6:!VO@8-16QBMI9@":24T6BL] M_M/U>K%(@ZY264O>8+=5\`:[U7KW>6WPO/DVF:^#GM%92]/S9)!42O87ND&J M4SA_=!B$X%VZ@4%+O *ZCP)BX#H!81*UJH8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&`T"B1# M\$82B-V6 T 6ADK4J1C6CAE'+J&/4 M,QH8C0+)$/PLMPQ>HA: CD/`\B9Z4(CKPH%H](@S&EF!YEB MI\U`P 'O3+5D.MCT[IV`M]XP&@SPW1JO%K[9JD8E-P!,/9A^=R'IV M"Z/EH=(@-=^Y1@LWM2NG93VI&36,6D8=HY[18)!7U5$@V9G>2&07G,@:)+?R M-D'+%48+4Z#UM[1(!"K 1L-XQ:B]Y]7! 2""U,[NN,Y`:)/41\I"?WSPNCA3[N M>IRVA WR)D> M&(T6R7>$MWK2&UFVVH]3::$?1HW\/4>C)6)FLFP7D I%P\6N-,C,2OCH,GP[ MJ9R&;>Z:[32,6E=0==*(Z ]J0WDO4E;S$; M).8DK25BII$7D P8=1RP8Y1SP4'1J-%D3GIC >L-[ M6H JYX,!H%$B&0.7$WH+VTS&E M1D_L?^F)`S]Q%$A$7KGM1][N%4] -QB &W.,&?MPHD(QMD/#_ MK%=C3@L'O$'^@#=(!%@71!IM.V=EM+RO.FJ#,'U;K89MM5;+V>K85F^UG*V! M;8T"R=`$23R%)OCV8\7)O4'(-+Q>M76OG]-:4#@MZW3)J&)4,VH8M8PZ1CVC M@=$HD(Q6D.]/T4I7U\AD]/U!OOR'V[?4ES0*`A:^5)J"?@+'J&)4,VH8M8PZ M1CVC@9&Z8:Q\U%75`=,WAO6UR:?]Z[=]L7]\/%W='[\_8^I)L,WS\ ;K-U'DB^D 0VPT6:B*UUAJLF$9[B&?@0*";!,_!] M3$RRA&3*R,*GIRM(IODJD&`RR]2H96N8TS(U>%F"J0U>QB2XW_TI6F? ` @ZV#%`F)LD1MSP:-[SE(CJQB):0J+ M:!&=F`0OMHA.3(+W6T0G)NDA4:]K_!R\S,+3F`2; M]0>[J:AUS-,2$K4C&*MU@EK')-A`1:UC$NRCHM8Q"8YF,!O&>F^^V*+6TZM' M,*WC-`&UCDEPJ(!:QR0X.4"M8Q( QB0X\T>9:.]%#/)H#'`B#D]CT %9&)3@,1PQB97`&CAC$)#@*1PQB$IR(9^IPESW%*3BB$Y/@\!N>QB3X>#Y3 M7Y-'K$&B/BIG2;Y`NJ)?BX*^@Z]T\)SXF$-FHG?^J0QFI*@$'Y;`6C0[29'] MZ !J0Z8^[. JH!!=O M,G7MA,O@;@WJ%I/@"F.F+O9Q&5Q;A+68!) \% &ULE)W9;ARYDH;O!YAW$'0_MFJ5E+`]Z,I]SQS, ESWGY^ M5C**RQ^2W3 ;KP_>[]^?_NGLZ_\\/__YO[_YZ>/SCZ G_^Y?GY1_+V[=/ME[MO-T]O'G[ W3C\>[ MFX_'0-^^OEU?7.S??KNY_WZ^6$@>?\7&PZ=/][=WV _8N[;S>,??_[XC]N';S]@XO?[K_?/_SH:/3_[=IO4G[\_ M/-[\_A7Y_N=J>W,KMH]_D/EO][>/#T\/GY[?P-S;):& /=I_?GOZV2^?KB_.V'=T _]W5]/WO_/GKX\_%4^WG_L[K_?P=LH M)U,"OS\\_&%4ZX\&(?!;"ET [RXO-:KT[/_O][NFYN#=A MS\]N_WQZ?OCV?XO2RII:C&RL$?Q:(_LWEZN+Z\TE;+P2;FO#X5 ^76KVL45D-\\W']X]/OQUAFX&VD\_;DRGM4J,%=L6 M;!9/K0.-]-:H_V;TWY^C(%'OGT#_\6&]WK][^P\TMUNK "!R-5DR. MWER GYGI9>P^#WYWMT^Z]T&U8)K .&[_5C)XZQ_S12 MOXZ\?U*28!F1G$A!I"12$:F)-$1:(AV1GLA`9"0R$9E]$G@?@[#O?:GS!H Q ='S3F[#TJI.2F*Z)-&2Z/>F\8KH[*8GIGLA`IL>3CF\ZFJ9- M)R4Q/?LD*!NS"/7;A13.D8>E(\@K'HO6,.^5SSIT8N:T)#TYH\(BC+VB53HM MW_PV-%\Y+0E8,VK8?.NT7C'?.2TQWS,:V/SHM'SST51N C&S7Q"U,4%^*5JMRY/G,]%R*&=46!04V6(KZA1W !T^V2+1RR(P^G9K\+1;,)>K6+J`YG5FM[==S_65U K8=0* EH5! M4UN0V4UUU74;S8Y3L]EKFIH;]#-&.:/"(O0*4C0E:U6,:D8-VVI9JV/4,QK8 MULA:$Z,Y0*'3S1I1 TZ,^(C4;YG"Z]%RKU>4NZ@(SIR+N MS2W"CJ&@@E$I`5_MI2JG);9JMM4P:EU`+X-Q)]@Y+3'?LZV!T2@!;?^C>&9R M*F)[#@R%16>6HUK1&1[-KA>$HA.[J6D[2SD)RACE%@7E8FVYHBHEH&LO%:.: M;36,6@[8,>HYX,!HE(`NVQ.C.0@8>MBL.C4/+ZO1H'$LR-CR&D>T6$DQ(:,> MB5#.6H5%08]$`2L.6#-JV%;+6AVCGM'`MD;6FAC-`0J=CE% 4-0C M1?.D=+5HV1YI?;W;740C1>94I#'D%@4UWT;GUWQK>WV ;"%A7D6,YI>#:+FLC&)KZ9[@ILM-Y,G)J4AT [+(FQUEC'()Z+)1,"HEH"N$BE'-`1M&+0?L&/42T$V% M!D$NJ:,$]+HG1G,0,/2P6>@JW=/:+KE=5`>+S)-KKU9$2]M4M#;+J@,/\;?Q MV.U4I`KD@MPTJV!46K2]7FROHR98.;D8KME*PZAU`?VL1;M6G=,2\[W8"F83 MV[BEB);+W2C(N>DR:IB34Y'H9D%'0V$YFM6Z5HZ&1RUE02A'L9NN+=J (NB,27:6$NMUG;I]U>KJ-_/G%P `Y:.2TQ7[.MAE'K M`KYBOG-:8KYG6P.CT04TQU;(+9.3B^$YL!(VBQ=6W&M> @7RA+0&_A+#E@QJME6PZCE@!VCG@,.C$8..#&:@X"AAU]8 #`:!3D\C@QF@4I'C9K7&U$7M:^ M_L+//(PP;26HF+MH=I-:+5F#[/?[:)Z1.0TIEMPBKR %JUN,W+VRBV[`($/HJZE\EI2&RSQ';L MP,/.S:R/O3*TYRY??"B_7M;30=E:Y*9#J=7:N9J5, 5EN+1:EV[P MJ1C5;*NQR+/5 XF%E09>8 MPYZ&E=4VJF6I#7B)V=I):TW/3*S6;F=7+ZO-]3J:M^6BXQ[5%Q8%W9I-U:OQ M59*J);[=+EIRU!Q7PW&U8N75N#K1POCF/+"+9IV]:`6VN.DMN?,R/*H!8P=/ M5LLY>+NZCCJZ672.#@[:(VIK4"M^UAZ/^N'JQR+4%FG_J2#7TC*+-JZ, K95L=V^I9:V!;(VM-HN7R.`LZIBOT_`O[ M!&8W(&J/%@6' H9S0P&AE-C.8`A1Y& MGZ9ZV/"HEU@09G>NER"48?YK`GI:.:."4 D8#HY'1Q&@. M4.AALSKU>HF?CH!VS>T&G\-F07AZXCR_(#,1]J8&T=9]9@-"2P+FC`I&):.* M4 6$1CVD#5W2*_NEN$'^?T331OS G)>;G M`(6E99:+7M,Y#;!V]>TW$8O\TEJ0F9MZI17-GK/-24L2E#,J+$(K%ZW2:?GF MHT ;G`(6E]3>7WF:S M/1[$+?)+T2+7A642T*& T8#FQ\M\D^2,IH#%):/60%JK6E9&0;3U04%`\Z"PM9$)TG-`4 S.X_9J CJR0Z?T-G'>_3UV++ MQ=@P:@6]&F/W2S'V8LO%.#`:!;T:XR0Q+AN5FDMG,72,+JP&+RS&M[P8M\@_ M1VH1RERZC,PB[Z1$+EHNLP6C4I"S58DMM\%2BY:SU3!J!3E;'=OJ1 \L6HJ'7UB,X[E?/,I8%)W:BO:T4JOEC1\9HYQ1(>:=.TO6JAC5 MC!JVU;)6QZAG-+"MD;4F1G.`PFIMEM/*D+)=EMG^D&*1&9Y L">AF,^\#.:8GYGFT- MC$8):,^1*IZ9G(K8G@-#8=&]L/#?\L+?(A2=V$TM\KJ?C%$N`?UR6 *4 BAGK4+,.P^7K%4QJADU;*MEK8Y1SVA@6R-K38SF`(5.-TMT MK4>R2W=7[P[;!44]4K3 '!F'3^T MJ9R"6*[93,.HE8!!7[>+%J>=TQ+SO=@*YD)QN@;1 [:.4S M.16);@X,A05IUN5:02[K]6!H65#0/RTHZ)\(Y5L;T&6C8%1:Y-FJ&-4 U4C`J+ 7$5;B)-3D>AF04=#83FBK:KE M:'BTQ%P0RE'LIN9LE2E:[V@#HUR0RT;!J+0(/V*^8E1SP(91RP$[1KT$=.UI M$.22.@IR>9P8S8+8PW@0K'KXR$,/6Q0-*M$ 1_L'E9.+X9JM-(Q:%]!O*%$?T#DM,=^++50TK_.(6M@@ M6BYWH]BR7EI?QYF9G(;$-@=V@G:R>V$-?N11*2[+ ?[-=1]4F [8U,!H%O>B8R6F(Z5F0TL&]L(['83`J.(M ,6M5\?(ZN HYL!-V E.)+1O?Y3Y:']2BX")K.++6HM :"W,/H0I`+6+*M2K2 ]CAWR[(W\/""+ET7 MFUHM#V6, D8#HY'1Q&@.4.AAC':JAPV/YM0+\MR9 MXOSNL5H[IV>, D8#HY'1Q&@.4.!A5%+5PT<>>M@B MW\.,,D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6,.D8]HX'1R&AB-` X%GD'85-&&:. ^V=CYGY9JP5EM2#O\R2IU0I/6,5'3S*G)>6>,RH8E8PJ1G6`PDR;A 6 MN65*&A2AG:5B;#S->% T6+7S^S6K(,7ZWP^G,T=\[%DO-OP:@4Y*>* MXJO"^/98B W>]V\8?K:N T%57Q`R+W93\\ZR M*5EOGX%1+LC/F0WH4"E:SE;%J!;$. C[U$_ ?);J-7RME M UZ!SC"ZO!WYR$ MF >RR-U^_IN>0IKT51>40KKM1IN?*P\UO7<>6L53`J M&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V,Y@"%Y?'"[!S[9M0E+2AR>C1K2VU`;VC(&.6, M"D8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6,!D8CHXG1'*#0Z69ZKJP*+I=I>S#2GF;R?L\3+XEL MP,#IIX!2^7/6*AB5C"I&-:.&4 ROE/;885NNR[Q:5C]^ MK;;(WSIFE#'*&14!"M/CKVN\]/"RYFI!_@8PHXQ1SJ@(4)@>?PGAI8=7"E 9YXVFO9KV/'@2G M5LM;K6:"T#^Y@/%3YMQJG3;K-E?[:*0IQ!!O.5WY\VPO%SS-/FJ&-T%8%"39 M3L;=%EANM;SMM"((&'K5GX)ZZ>&)YM6"S#+4.6 ]*@+0G-TWEY0D)4%X=5,T 7* M\\/E+C'K.(0FR1Z28W)( TDN8+D^("&)->0'-MR++FZ2,SXQBG`=>R_ M'2MR'`+7M!_S&_-U,JOZFV0^;M-%^K]MD]_@=H[XL$WFXS0D"G"`KU17;9"B MY:6!.,0&:5IV"F+)#JY:GF7%DJM] V9)!HEIPRPI(#%-F26' MJRO$H^4_A215)1DDF2K)(3'UFN-!$T0*-`EV!Q.S7 8F%TSEARN5K"F M%3^&9DCT,%OD5"LYC)7(J2;!D(F 'R`FG3?)U"8O;. M.0P>%R`%F@1/#9`"38*'!Z@'F@2/"%`/5,E^GY@'8)R"P_XJ.>"9"DOP%"O) M5`F>5"7FF0Z'P0.KI%`E>&Z5F, SB;F@23'DT%BGDNR!,]AD39-@L>Q\($FP5/9Q#RL9&MX$@OO M:))AMT_,63L.@\.0B3ERQQ( 58+?M#!X(0E^TR1X+PE^TR1X M/0E^TR1X_PA^TR1X:0]^T_H#O+L'OVD2O)P'OVD2O)`'OVD2O) $W+0Q>>(3?-`G>>X3?-`E>?X3?-`G> "D[,&ZA .F4)WOY-S,NG+!D@,>^@L@0O_B;FO5.6X.5>3,@U"=Z\3@ZJ!&]; M)YDJP1O5B7EAE^/!B]6)>6^7)7B_.C'OZK($KU$GYI5=EN"[`_";UO/A\P/P MFR;!]P7@-TV";PK`;YH$GQ:`WS0)/A\`OVD2?"L#/M!Z%WSY`OG1)/B.!=*F M2?!5"L2C2?`1"92/G@*,,JH$'X=`VK0P^$8$RD>3X%,1*!]-@@]"(#^:!!^I M0?EH,RY\JP;EHTGP,1KX0)/@FS0H'TV"3].@?#0)/C\#OVF2`R0'59)"8KXE MP_4-G_F!WS0)OO8#OVD2?/0'?M,D^*H/_*9)\-4P^$#K*?#Q,/A`D^`;8HGY MA!6G&M\-@W >T#:#FK:\!&^)%4E^/`> M:J^6'WQO#V6J2?#9/=1>35(BI^;CKNP#?'T4$BVG)7)JOE?)8?!-V,1\MI(E M^#1L8K[RJDDN(='BP= );A!`*6@20X;L[NE MS7?2#7IE?.J7K1V0GX.:MA02\S5>#I/"H^;+KYH$XZEJ#1_Q3 E!SBNM\$G/M"UO#G3V)N?V%);BZ M)RE4"6[P2 1)S`PQ+ 3X$XLQ*-) J!)CD@;0 3X+Y)Y$>3')#3@YI37&N(_&@^P.V%R(\FP26& MR(\FP5V&R(\FP66%J&^:!' #0)K@I&/)H$UP.COFD2W!*,^J9) ?F-O..0QNG4_,#> WRB;GOG,/@ MDOG$W''.DGF%_FVEM:QTA;YJ.9M"Y8-Q096T"-.KDA&2694 BZ5$,I^B Q_O/YHC/ M\L?S 'Y^>';^9$Q]F7NYN/=X]&`6>A/CT\/,L?:,1O_WIX_.-XWN/# M_PL```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"BY=/]10@``%\@```8````>&PO=V]R M:W-H965T &ULC%K;;N,X$GT?8/_!\+MC\2X%208C$;TSP"RP M6.SEV7&4Q&C;"BRET_/W4U31(JND]$X_="?D4?&PJEB'E[[[^?OIN/K67OI# M=[Y?BYMBO6K/^^[I ACB%"#QVW= TI-,''V]G77\8(_/.R M>FJ?=^_'X5_=QZ_MX>5U@'";\,F^.\)(\/?J=`@Y`%/??1___3@\#:_W:V5O MC"N4D&:]>FS[X [=_[H3O]#T$BFD(C,AK10#/VRQM9&F'L_[>R14;C M3/QNV#W 4R3`M_N`_J7`!\_`KH]M'Y[L,7= M]ALX:1\A-4(@QR>(H(CFB@B."E9]UK`%7A,YF#(GIXJ)2^BE7`P;J9Y#)..R M@"@IQ"]`J@E"^"K"]^JST`H1SQQB.4^$Z#'>P2,-;_!9`QD28I:YZ#ID:+U? M`_$I!EI-E$>?UPAQ8PREM:Y* P4!4+4+1(-K8RHGKY'WR`$B9HJU!,*:'*`= .W8RIHY&M(R;& M7A %4I=,8E&6HTXGE6&BR#!58Q@E;QJ6.&.2R*2NE>?@90EA> M.CQ%:),57DHW5/1$=W(J%OJ J05BHE.-+%G%;`C`*,7Z/>G?E*I*`,HQ ME/@%CECY BRAK+,1V(D3@,(H62!\!/"O*;E0]1?(H1CDY!R+8@V; MM%`(8IP5[)J9`#04(66A9XN'V\A&H3R##"2>L[Q$E8"03EKM4CBP*`G$9!(X M:_%Y"QT_5/@T_I1H6/B)GY@7:I&+PZ: 0*0PI1IMI3LLIA(%`I26UA4ZXC):LNL MQ> 5"NFY8OU/Z\P7/-KB9B8 M;(I7XH;TPU&!Y8$G_;#ZTRPIPV4UD7,UX=E>1TSTI)86]E=\05"Y,(6T#.*9 M%3B;R;1J*-50UE.YGJU@K/K$J6RP6N;*H$H#6P7.F""T`\H4X8D-V*M5)I4! MRI?*RXSO7&;X8:Z61$6TJ,R,;XZP134[P!`3LE+VDR4%6^O @I6QB^"VVBD;CJI3:&3 XM(LU QFY%E&59'#'*!G8Z;';8(0L.%8K:8QPE[@C#FL_M&3?6%I\'8S=@FI4+7 M1DSTG+5 %AP?`7%%B2H55Y*RFBK,C"M><>7%,[L7C%P1$SU;E)9O M(IMQD.NEA1+:SN[S"`(6H`/W3U6.$@ZZ\OG62*/L$,)IZI$P8I"PA?OO;*,P M(IIH!1&R*B0O>9X@#%2\+`"4+U6GZV9#SU6IXA(:, A>QN?+A^[`=Y[QQ]?X2&_A;>_X@;` MSUTW7'\)3]#3?PUX^!,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``^ZXB!W!0``2Q,` M`!@```!X;"]W;W)K "4UWHS30`G*9O]\RY6!LG-W)0Z>[.%2=NOA@?/?I MK;T$+_4P-GVW#^F.A$'=5?VAZ4[[\*\_'V[2,!BGLCN4E[ZK]^'W>@P_W?_\ MT]UK/SR-Y[J>`O#0C?OP/$W7VR@:JW/=EN.NO]8=7#GV0UM.\',X1>-UJ,O# M?%-[B1@A2=2631>BA]OA1WSTQV-3U5_ZZKFMNPF=#/6EG(#_>&ZNX[NWMOH1 M=VTY/#U?;ZJ^O8*+Q^;23-]GIV'05K=?3UT_E(\7R/N-\K)Z]SW_V+AOFVKH MQ_XX[ .Y??QF:PV]-5T.UH4^J`X]]_Z2@7P_*!#='F[L?Y@[\/@2'^E@^7Z8_^M=? MZ^9TGJ#=0MU2]1>(!)]!VZ@9@-3+M_G_:W.8SOLP3G9"DI@R$0:/]3@]-.K> M,*B>QZEO_T'03'UQPK23&&CJZVS'4D%%\O]>(F0T9_*EG,K[NZ%_#6`\(.9X M+=6PT=L82E@IXV=EG:\!JQ&L+_>4L+OH!8I1:4R.&)CE!>,@"@\B79Q$0&!A M`;FM6`2JD#%9V*BK-AM!%S\SX1PAZ5Q[E4&Q,EB1H'JK2._Y*BN$7.5"2>R$ M0`PW(58&*P3WAE#6?0BTEG)1PIT0B)%8 ):(Q87%` ML49021+.S$!8=9!>$LIJDY!NMQ&B.9"$21,`.[$&4$&S6"Y96`R4V&\7F++: M#"@Q#K`,B$$* 4LQFEX:3::Y!R(/R+)7.W!8V(H:U8Q`VC0\D#]7*6J#4 MC#:VA")(T\A8EII (*8F%! M!(=5]-%L4*5C'B(H;_!I!(LZ"I_/]^[#E2BN+7:^?EFD'EVD9HIUV1&DIY!2 MR;A3DD+[T9V14F2I\6(3\6LC/+C=U2!-ZS2/M?8Q0L6V_6L$)2F//YI"OSS2 MK3ZZDYYK#*::9)*[*](""$ZH6=1V)?SJ2#WRZ(3(-49W1'*1.HC"1E`A$Z-O M-@N_0E*/1-)-0]8*R)(DIL*!%-K/^^P(SE9/=IN(7R6I1R:IZ:J>C+4*0K(B MC9VU4F@_>D)C+D1FY,4BPOQ".9L=H:1.V7,-PB@947_.0\-""!MAT_`+)?,) MI>DMUD.#D(;(,N$`"@L@,T:,XMLD_#+)?#)IQER30)`F0;,TXT839DBA_2"$ M$PD5,WVSB=@RN=FCHES:NFURTH00!&IF-)5M^O/?()N47U09ZB4X6L5Q%#/7 MH)5VKRUV&%LRY]RE,/OSK7129LJH 6FYS]%VT2MF+.)++52\)6.2ES MVITS!"&)9,/B@ZLV#;]HLJUHKA_]N@8(PFF#[3]+W1U&H?T@1$K)5T\ZFX 7SAO/-D\0"Q"!KBY;87/S*R3S*Z6X? SP+XM_CX=D%OO&W]7"JB_IR&8.J?^Y`&A@LQL6*9R8YO L=U[`6 '_L) MSC;FKV &PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULC%7; MCILP$'VOU'^P_+Y@")"+0E:;;+>MU$I5U &0=/.0 MQ#/'YYP9FV%^_UI7Z(5)Q463XL`C&+$F$SEO-BG^_>OI;H*1TK3):24:EN(W MIO#]XN.'^4[(9U4RIA$P-"K%I=;MS/=55K*:*D^TK(%,(61--2SEQE>M9#3O M-M65'Q*2^#7E#;8,,_D>#E$4/&./(MO6K-&61+**:O"O2MZJ`UN=O8>NIO)Y MV]YEHFZ!8LTKKM\Z4HSJ;/9UTPA)UQ74_1I$-#MP=XL+^IIG4BA1:`_H?&OT MLN:I/_6!:3'/.51@VHXD*U+\$,Q6` ZG[@1^2)2S@FXK_5/LOC"^*34 Z3/$H\>(Q&05AC-&:*?W$S5Z,LJW2HOYK0 RI*$>Y(1 MV-SG0R^ Z>;28A(K3^S'L7`3TK,!UV^@"R;JVG#*7%I,U-EP#F$UG.L))X/")NH* M1_WBEA8S+#R 3/[3\_;X=J9J"N?./(6LS_W M9/C@;V-Z1J:#1DS4-3)VC%B,-9*0*(@GD?.(K,XA\30A8T).D)X-F,]##>G" MKI'3T+#/^AYTTTD/ &-0A4K8`P0;PSW6=KQ;A=:M-U4 M7`L-T[K[6\)KF,&\(1Z`"R'T86%>(, /SJ'O+YOUNML>JE/9W3>7 MZ@PK^Z8]E3W\V;ZLNTM;E;O!Z'1<>ZX;K4]E?7;0PZ;]$1_-?E]OJZ+9OIZJ M CMM/T1=Z>R_?)ZN=LVIPNX>*Z/=?]] A[^,-R?ZJW;=,U^_X>W*TQ4#OG=)VNP=/3PZZ&#&395VVU M?W0^LHWP?6?]]#`4Z-^Z>NNT_Z^Z0_/V6UOO/M?G"JH-?9(=>&Z:+Y+Z:2 IZ44M;9[5][?KF]!^2F'*%3CSE!#Z5$^;^M!-? M.8%/Y 8#?SW![.`?(=2P.=H_/.EB)03^!RSB&]%L,:> M#+TLRKY\>FB;MQ5L$*AZ=RGE=F,; ;E*D@_ % \P]-,D8C0Y:L,I(#3`B! QXC*>6XK(5,`7[=@=#X1L3R+D-.3VUD MY2J)/)QG'\\+Y*AJ)TEHE?L6H4#"G!RG@-``(_KT:O1RE49/CO$,.1A]P#QR M\N:X'*!.F+-?$%/2,CZ:RNN$/$>%!AA),+BX:#T8!WV`S?`CNOT4!\./_30@ MA%P1YMH6MTRX92)TQ(Q L9H-OW++AE M(73$3$`*U9S`5'K4+S-PTM^,(4G5/@BBF#!RQ A"X;C*?=&::4L#F-*DP,=0W,UVR$S)%FON0*P0+$(9A$K.(Z%EA67$+ M$3IBABUUZTK8*&O7!8IIVC=LP]Q""@OA%B)TQ`Q2RM G. MI^7Q^"LLA$_(H@LQ+ #4UH\=C7.68:4M6NI(&B9Z9!Y8LA28V0%X0AV8&Y8N`A-)\/:IHL A(V8^4N#F?*:=@+JGYV'K&'+46>HSEUPR 9XHT M1Y8K!)/Q?&A(1#I26$; N*)B(W0'=00SG%WU& MP8VO\,.8-%X8ZW!Q#Y*98>9Y78D]%%E]B[.0="53)'W*T`PK$*:1&[LN*4%A M67$+$3IBAFUJL[6O45VAC-J#!RML*L&Y?-0&4SHG4E@(MQ"A(V:0RR+LV2)L M72`41VW3*(I3\K,R5PP]UE&WQ^GF%D= ;J01O!HC&29*P*>0F2QN&7-)^MQWH2.&-G`@P L"H3C8"0;J3)_IYHHQU[FX: /84F6#8HF9L \W*# ]@9J92.=_?-O#.R;J&T(`S19I[D2L$>Q&Y M`4@@5>3"LN(6(E]Y3?J"8>,;+'SK SZ! ;)A\@$S]DF7\(+MH&G^C:?LPT\W+=Q`6_F!GP]?0&\+[N4+]4?9?M2G[O5 ML=I#:.Y]#&+9XJLU_*-O+L,;B.>FAS=EPW\/\`JT@B=D\#K,6>V;IA__@"]> M3R]5G_X'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#&1-G&GAD``)N)```8````>&PO M=V]R:W-H965T &ULE)U=;]RXDH;O%]C_8/C^V%9_=R/)P73K M^P-8+,[N7GN *)>DE1551E/WAGW\_ M?KOXZ_C\\G!Z^GB97=U CI^ MO/SW\>7RGY_^\S\^_#@]__%R?SR^7B#"T\O'R_O7U^^[Z^N7N_OCX^W+U>G[ M\0F6+Z?GQ]M7_//YZ_7+]^?C[>>QT>.WZ]G-S>KZ\?;AZ=)&V#W_3(S3ER\/ M=\?\=/?GX_'IU09Y/GZ[? K[]_1NN^^]L ?_HP"O2_#\ _3 MC_KX\/7^%=V]-$WN3M]P)/S_XO'!C`% W/WY\GIZ_#_KE+E0-LC"! +V7*]& (U;UQ)_2DNH_ Y M_#E-,UR//6$_C-X^X6L[#,?AF]^^WG[Z\'SZ G;)5]N/X+]\:=\]DG?+3'03S,_6'"YC$H M8E#&H(I!'8,F!FT,NACT,1@" 12.(A3?(8 M%#$H8U#%H(Y!$X,V!ET,^A@,`5`B83R12(OE-):,>9P)@[$4B;"W/LOM)-R! M2$ZD(%(2J8C41!HB+9&.2$]D"(E2"#-XJ)# M[I M,#E-HXA(0:0D4A&IB31$6B(=D9[($!*E%IY:*;4,'M62:]P[@G$92#./[J_) M29KE1`HB)9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1(:0*&GP7`ZE&>?Q^>;*)!7VR ?6&:J:%5LV2 M2+5EI-KD-*E&I"!2$JF(U$0:(BV1CDA/9`B)4LU4+4'2(+.6P5H:1_1]N(JD MF9PF:8@41$HB%9&:2$.D)=(1Z8D,(5'2(.E,26.PEL:2:-2L(VDFITD:(@61 MDDA%I";2$&F)=$1Z(D-(E#0FNTYI,W(MCB`] H9#0IIH4QF&@CU_E"SJ2Q24Q%B;\I&B#K7"D;9ZL%[2 T:"05M!DJX&"TU!S66PHE$-:J*CB.623EQ>*4,%> M):.*4 H9S0HI#4TB6RLX3MI?F:37W7'3OEPD.BOXT3?-50B M3@V]B(1*;E@QJADUC%I&':.>T:"0%M'DM;&([PQ$FPHK#:?L.-0P3ONSR4L$ MRQD5C$I&%:.:4 BXQ#F :])0T8%HY)1Q:AFU#!J M&76,>D:#0EI#DZ@G!MN,BP&'PEN04 ?FC96,%#LV"ODE'%J&;4,&H9=8QZ1H-" M6L2H*I#9? #"T)E5 +`*&=4,"H958QJ1@VCEE''J& '2,6=IU*H;+6\ MPKX*Z??11^=,#KW3[^*E^]VO5.@S.9.(S#D1 S6."D]W,?*?S0WINT7N=[KQT MI_NE%7T:YD$5#.N?R;/0[?%RCD,ZA=_$*Q'>2^;#G%'!J&14,:H9-8Q:1AVC MGM&@D!;QS(-RS@]*AX*DZL`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`(.PED8!P8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4,NH8]8P&A;0J9U+_):?^#H4O7QGE MC`I&):.*4 +G)4^M?>02(WC%J. MW'DO%SGJ[]X[2.1!(:WKF U7-B6'PG)Q>X?,'NQ`E6AH'9P7]OM(PYQ1 MP:AT"-N3I6'%7C6CAE'+L3KVZAD-"FFAHO1^$HIS^)7+X3&*)J$6T>@YB)/. M7Z/EC5R\YO9.7JW6 +ESU ;A>O-SAUMDRNND'\1B/IOOC3*FPXE+!(>RLDI%U$.2GMEQ0L(%#D+_6DE$E MR,>J!?E8C2`?JV74"?*Q>D$^UB`HH4I4%TRCE'/_E45FS_8T2F P\9AH4@/RA*1I4@&WJYR;91Z-I[2.A&D`_=,NH$N=#+Y2PJ M_GKO(:$'08GA%]4.XZKE6^D,UQ0KBZ"V'.\@R) @TJ0CU4S M:@3Y6*T@'ZL3Y&/UC`9!8RP]!L_4%"NN*1PRVVF",1@-@X/S,ELC`B]ZIMCP M>']K,JW%U6)Q$_X7/=`+">H[I)2S">]M%_3-0] /50ORL1I!/E;+L3KQ\K%Z03[6(&B,I=1:OU?$_.OT M/:P"1W]=Q#AD/@\-1FZ\[.F\\()N$I!1P:B4\/ZQ6K%7S:AAU'*LCKUZ1H-" M6L`SU K]>&2 MN:4$\H=K&76"WCQ )L[+VS;\Z/4 M>D%J085X^6LM&56"?*S:H2!6(UX^5LNH$^1C]1QK$*^$*F [L$'E04/=2B,N:])\V:RQN'PO+&(;P9E5/(&172T$^GI:!01GO$ M(%;-L1IIZ&.U@GRLCAOVC`9IR!F3^0FOR1O3EB3A\W=TQ7>`*F/*HOKRX+SP M9O3 .4;CN,$Q71 10(U'+OEV)UO.,9>SQ=1 M/=)[#PD]J-!Z%)ZIAM9 D:#0EHHD[4'Z?(DE,WFU6UID7F-'@@5#=[#VGIA^)CAG2JFO8 3JAH>92$6056) M>UA;%-R!.:/"(:69;1B@BAO6C!J.U3+JN&'/:%`-E2J;J-B0L39RK8I#>N$F MBTK.@_-Z)POQ7J)P(>']\ZUD5/F&9E`@#=4[%&IOE\`-1VD9=8)L>3N;Q^5M M[QTD\B!H/&4MZYD29,,EB$/A"HU#T%`.E3,JI&$HF`T?S(@5-ZP9-1RK9=0) M\FNG/:-!4$(5D[ ?#B 0R(,*HP=:5$6\E_!NN+IP M*)SM!/F.SAD5@L(!Z$H)GY54XN5CU8P:03Y6ZU#049UX^5@]HT%08@!&Y ;@O+`IQG3F*EO%[Y-R[R&]60CRRTBE',U??B5>+O3-.OXQ M_K7WD-"-(!^ZY="=>-G0R\WV)EJE[+V'A!X$\8+5)BHCWAV#7%Z,(5!>^!+@ M(,A?2LZH$.0+I5)0J*4](K[4E 7"NNQ4L6 MIC?1?=.(@S]8RP?KQ.O-@_7B)0O3L\U6_1?-W(/XC\?6DVE4H;P[D+ERV5B$ M+I.1=G`H7* O6&RYG'-(;*+.XG/%>HG'.J&!4,JH8U8P:1BVCCE'/ M:%!("VI*A51Z9$L(E1XYY#OJL"&4,RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4,QH44JILSU0H M(]?SI4/A!DI&.:."4 .4B=_8@CR@8E5&4>%-,Q4UJ1HU$L4N- MV>PF>GBWJHW6Y4QBO+59 74Z9Q";AW";.BS_GAEX^"]_/5.#045[%4RJAC5C!I&+:..4 H9V1^ M7::[1IR]U=#^^DO[^P,?C\]?CX?CMV\O%W>G/Y\PE/`]%V:(B=M?O+G?KO&; M-\=RA2P;^9V @$-[#88:@,-[*(_6;:PC"NTL65Y@W,;5\!B MRQQM[$:&V+)`&U3PJ7.#UK;>HS;0VLYW9('6V)"6B@:M\1,T$I8YCF-?>L?1 MYFACEY3)`JWMF@U9H+5=;B$+M,8/_$J=`;2V+T+C-C. _(#8E`7G9C.I^-PRM+%).5F@`7ZD8R):!@VP.2ME MP7%L>D/1,';PL4"BS0QCQ^[SC]N@2;)%AA;X]4:)6!F4QJ_M25F@M'UC&A\E M@]+X_2NI-E`:OW"$+?AUO[\E>\T :LF`];V=6G;@- MUO!V?=*"U3H(FFJSW][@.*E!?-C.8$D-E\-V#MU2`P9U$#1(65#:(%K*LM^8 MSD[U]GZ#.P]+&GRE6$:')3G2 8#&KB!PMAR5/6K" M$"#E`7O6Z!!RH+7+KC2E`7O5G"E*0M>L>!*4Q:\: D4*=E*)X$0IU4A:\#X4Z*0M> MBT*=E`4O/Z%.RH)WH+C2E`7[0'9FFP./$&P'V9G=#FS!KI"=V>'`%FS]P)2 E.6P7N_,MB;6`-N8H&C*@DU)B):R[*';/JD;]@WMS"X7/@XV!^$,4A;L M$=J520NV"NW,/A>.AEVAZ.W4LQ&;0Z%.RH(]H+B>E&4/W?9G=,-3,VG!%D1 -Z]LGK. =LF`;+\XZ9 IXVL)CMTGP&V&F.*TU9L.%\9S9/ M 7 O;)ZSG` M8CZDXS;X+A'GEK+@\T2 91?"7*9X"O57%N*0N^/46TE`4?OR-:ZL[" MI^R(EK+@PW1$2UGV..O]F;.>8[REK@ VW:=.RJ[#TO4&/A1&*SU886[WBZ71VWP`R>@6^K>Q@^, M@&XIRV&%N1 WX!>N+-^97FUP\/WR] MG_[Q:C]5N_C]]/IZ>C1?K5W [H_'UT__ M+P````#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`U299/7P(``%$%```9````>&PO=V]R M:W-H965T RY5MK030M]'Y,I M92=V6%SAI6!&6UVY$>!(+/2ZYP?R0("TF) NNESZ4/P6%R=7H=+N"[026OZ*YU/_3A M*Q=UX^"V,W^$Z18RP1-)X4 0092N*?`D'V7WXTF29AAMN'5KX P6U[:B?DF260N_,!Y >ILW.>,A[] $C+TY,9(,VTK3Z6U_\FM\DDV&?*\XY\?(!3^[X, &ULE%C;CJ-&$'V/E']`O(^AN31@V5ZM64VR4B)%47;SS&!LHS&T! Q79RN.E6G^P"S^?167:S7HFE+46]MMG)MJZAS BZ"S(4+=;^]QUU[7CM/FY MJ+)V):Y%#5>.HJFR#GXV)Z>]-D5V4(NJB^.Y+G>JK*QMS+!N?B:'.![+O/@B M\I>JJ#M,TA27K`/^[;F\MD.V*O^9=%76/+] NI:+O'4JZUK?RE[43U+X)8GPJ3>'T2^.R3,+X*O#"*_T\6 MO\\"GT,6;^7%(0OY?2X.]J7F\27KLMVF$3 $5`3*CK5A'F9MWQUKRZNT=F@D MWL\A!KET`1&/[`@9:/X#,O(J:&];VB#\,9$:UAXQ@9)>3B_5`J140$H-LY;1 MK0V$QQ)>8I9`3*24"%C`$V,BJ0[PPX@E?"1)*,#FU;H=*,BH22$8$V"7B.&* MPH/'@YA-)10BI0C/#S66A`1?)"&CE`1S$X,$8I`$"Y(X"BD@)0#?Y^X$(!0B M0D%M?VT+RJN4"H_,>2!&4UT+D%+RWF& 3>1Q _KR=!Y/G:,'J27PV4J0LM) M,YG*C5VAQ^A=S45E"$)5X;833A:()Y8"F,LF6Z$DI+TLD$#7T4DLB(J@.Z(. MH)FHRX8%]VQS3_,HHEZP[T'ZE''9PI2I)9E^P-!6[HB*(+V GN05DZ/D'EZR_ZCPM3YYJ+V(!0UC'S?N/&E M%,!8,MDB)2%]9'Y2/1FF)'ADU-CW(+U77+8P6NI*L]&B\7Q\7CP$Z>6T".U* MVL-"5^@:^E9=&"V" /!V0 Y("J"\(&8>4%B#%R^1,HL"(AY,#U0(P=\0\0WHFMV*O[,FE-9 MM]:E.()"[BH"+1I\/\0?G;BJEY(GT 2I>\C,O\!@GL3L6]"LJ4B?-]] MI&?FC`*314@1!`5`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`[%P3_NB#[TW?'\V:_W2'("P7WKB#^50K^P:,?7)#3 M&F1W\)?PPM'/KB#^=4 ['+?'TRNGC6:R)`W_NH)_\(A75Q#_NH*'[[:' MS6O'VT)_JY*I"$ZF/W:-VU5@_,>?N\JMR+I%AO_D42&[/6'\QY\\*F2T1?^T MGEL1U/R'.^I+^7UGV\+2AK+WW][_^/V7S_]Z@YX)J?KZ^WO3SVUO)I9K/:XF MK^T)[?J# -SMOG_W3S30#\[GSC[;V.,A'J:1FK!9 M"O(4%"DH4U"EH$Y!DX(V!5T*^A0,*1A3,*5@#L`[I'W-/2K=G\J]\3>YEZS= M!7@Q$BD>XB%%LA3D*2A24*:@2D&=@B8%;0JZ%/0I&%(PIF!*P1R`*-'H W^!O4Y7U *$65\Z[_WE.S^D _1 1$"B(ED8I(3:0ATA+IB/1$!B(CD8G( M')(HQ6:-'$P.) TG!G%'!J&14,:HC%%^T MF3+_F8NV4^SHHBV*+MJBW659(.XVVV0ZD9GU-A(%!W^]A`KG%40N?4&S]$3D M9+Y>>0>)7$ U0]OPTFY)6EL07G)"N2\H MJ&!4,JH8U1&*+\Y,&[6+ !ZO] M=G\Y;Y)`N03R9U`P*@6%)T6'JY+#[4Z'8W)&M02RVXCA`AQ=D9XB.^6+]+ K(OE42E>/GS%L6KQ4J[$3),TL>WT*;J2=4;E MJ^UQ=XE[I,?6>>V7)KS=;L_)'D[F/?RUND*']?(+\?*H%&1#G[?'37SLRCM( MY%K0$B:NYF;VHEVYG=5$5QY.=)9]IX?9\C)U>K^> 8BNQ*)P6V)+*&.4,RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4,QH8C8PF1G.$ MXKIBIC%:A@U/)BL6)5/:I'-_;% TGXGM'`X4?O%89/5DB3]Y+P ,,8;3 D8#HY'1Q&B.4)QTL];3DF[7 M@%'2+3K&XT:RL?`P;0,9=EL=^^N6]KF\AU2PW*&]7_P7C$I?T.QS;2^[ JYX,!H ME()^SWEB-$ R3 M03`7'S]J%(Q*0>%)T?$J\7+;6?O-97-**F8M/OYX#:-6T(O'Z\3+[7&=CMOT M +Q"=PA58&UD M#D%P09D@OQ.6"_)76S`J!?E8E2`?JQ;D8S6,6D$^5B?(Q^H%^5@#HU&0CS4) M\K%F04J&GUFA[WF%[E`T]*33KH=S A^)5'.DAE'K"YK@^^OI D;'0I''X?"T8=1[E"DB0T?H)(+5HQJCM4P M:KE@QZCG@@.CD0M.C.:H8)SA9-DO6U?8D* &8 MN&3>16I`+LAW`@6C4I"-O +_8S5S!` MN2`_SRL$^1R7@GRLBE$MR,=J!/E8K4-'WVUVC'HIZ&,-@GRL49`_KXG1+&B) M%3 1W/[PS]_O.Y/ M&'/B(2&70'X/H9`S\"=5BM>+AZO$"TT^./5D$*K%*XIU2%9I#9]$JQ9,?\GN MG)>[YOT)B[#D]Y]>`OEK'OAPHWA%YYD>;HH/A[7D` )=)RO+A>F-5^ M4"]>;9%V=R! /DZ74BL4'D;/HA5 M24'?/FI!_H@-QVK9JW,H.*]>O/QY#1QKE(+^B)-#QW!N9\_^N)QJG'FS"_!2 MYO_K\^_A?4-X%HKZ0HNBH>VX3W^2=P4//O,9HYQ1X1`Z%1&V9*^*4 W6,>D8#QQH=.AZ7?N9\V.&!H;@-3-Y%KF86M`@=BY/L'[S:+'A?P?2?:!;1 M0&51D-#,>04H9U0P*AE5C&I&#:.64<>H9S0P&@7YQC,QF@4I`]4S^PKF]J%T M*F"1B;7V]CQ..2??HV0N5#!/SAD5C$I&%:.:4 %,R@_F+7E-S2N/C'"WZ'H(T +B" M0?^2, B0VV^Z[/#` P^O2KB-$4M@EO(O39G2?LDN_ 2A?O:+_$" M_>!6X^B>UG[ID&QX/,3)3RTS1CFC@E')J&)4,VH8M8PZ1CVC@='HT!EY7A-! M*^3)>;F9Z^YT.E^3/GP6%YZF8NS^ _#+F(2@4QQ8,AI& -S(;%O9%9VKW4&R4+ MN(-="D:]D45;W(TO1WPXMY!E"LL55BBL5%BEL%IAC NV=>,F,5;!91N#7?I]P0AE[Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4,NH8]8P&1B.C MB=$ =BCJ3*R7N5%B'8/X1D97$%[2*')& M!:.24 R.B]@O!T(Z/WDO`UHX;#M]XK")_>KM%Y+PG?,QHX M_.B]PO#)/1R3]Y+P B5-)UG%9:Y@V'08%1+> M-[#2>X5Y2,)7WDOR4#-J.'SKO S7Q"AO8CIZ@]%YR 62/YX#:-6T(O'Z^+C[3?;]&B] MQ/%'&QB-@EX\VA0?[7"Y7C=IWS]+I.5X H2W3K>+]`>C@OZ"TM M*G,(X@K*Q /-3`:!?E8$\>:Q4O) M C.WIB#MODWX\\SY>!1? TCH7I`//3`:!=G0 MNS-N \CP6=!2_"X79B%N-8UV@5ZU#5:%$T5'/*K^`P3MD5;CW)!_M(* M1J4@7[!B5`ORL1I&K2`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`SKN$OG9-Y%8O J MV7T`J"9Q'\XK''L8Y0Y%DMA8`2JY8,6HYE@-HY8+=HQZ+C@P&KG@Q&B."L89 M1K>F]3QFA$FV!AV*QYY$WH=SPM.UI@KL3JA=23>8>1=1*A?D^X""42G(Q=X S@O/!LH*&.4"_)MK!#DLUL*\K$J1K4@ M'ZL1Y&.U#N&V&CFOCE$O!7VL09"/-0KRYS4QF@4ML>*FDBSR90?RS(MYAZ*' MOOCI9.=E'K1Y89[FO'";BJF9N"V!7FJ42R"_=U#(&?C$E>+UXN$J\4(=64_J M>$AV1VKQBF(%#Z4L+R!N^"1:M6!Z=T3GO-PU'_:7:_HBC5X"^6L>^'"C>$7G MF1YNB@]WOIP/Z3M!9@FT'"ZN%LE&PJL-DC $?J?B90\%# MP+EX^2I=2*Q0>!L^B%5)0=\\:D'^B`W':MFK Q:TG&J "9& MLR!EG'IF.^',VPD.1>,4/9PL3KY'R1CEC`I&):.*4 1=?^VU&\4@.4%S[DP7]J[6?%_IGMZKW-ZT]!(5*."^/ 3G9> M0?^2, 3[-+]JH8U8P:CM6R5\>H9S1PK-$A,]3Z83"=SDW>:VT!$BN L8H9U0P*AE5C&I&#:.64<>H9S0P M&AUR^TS'RRG]5,GD/;PJX?Y%U"]=DN7^:_W2XI](8W /@SRL4B\^J^ MM36F=TP\Q"F8"3'*&16,2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V,1H?,DGQ-!/V0,3DO-W/= M;G>'=--Q%A>>IEZ21?VK#8(7^TN(^.%D0:$XMF`PC.3L53`J&56,:D8-HY91 MQZAG-#`:'8H>3A86/IR\,GXX^6(6ID&;H.0G"[C%/^F-[-H6DS/I_1[.*T`9 MHYQ1P:AD5#&J&36,6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:(Q2/`\G2>>V->(E\L2B\7Y%1QBAG M5#`J&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V,Y@C%&4[6OVN&>9U[L2B\7Y%1QBAG5#`J M&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V,Y@C%&4[6N=1[)#L,%U[_.A0^MN=0?--5.OIF MWDNZG9Q1P:AD5#&J&36,6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:(Q2+D2QXU^K."]N+6[+Z=='# M(7,3RCK0']/[&C+OY9/NPON]DL)YA? +I?T7M)^)I1P^%;[Q6$3\^^ M\UX2OF X7ADQWYR7M)^#E"D5K79)'\6M-9_..!UZ'@IH.'0W'3H9__ MO)> DA_J*N\EX6M=OO5 $KYG-'#XD;TF M1G.$8LF>63Q?[5HO7#\X%/9JXA4V,+Y?T7O)Q>6,"D8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6, M!D8CHXG1'*$XZ &VUS.]>ECB M^*,-C$9!+QYMBH^VQVU@A_37_5DB+<>+:\`SR_8K+]L="AX\?C#*'`IN2LG% MRU]MP:@4Y&\FKCA6+5X^5L.H%>1C=1RK%R\?:V`T"O*Q)HXUBY>2X60%OK8Q M7FE?W1H:36UM8_PLLGC9.RZVN"5X0[=F>1_?T]$"O1`OOXPO!=G@>&;_RJW) M!?*_8=92R@=J&+6"7.SM?I? D(\U,!H%^5@3HUF0DF&S[@XV1]8,V_5XE&&+\'BB*/>X$LH8Y8P*1B6C MBE'-J&'4,NH8]8P&1B.CB=$ ,P/%G$613N/%T)98QR1@6CDE'% MJ&;4,&H9=8QZ1@.CD='$:(Y0E.'MYD^NGVV!./?"PL?*A,5+Z/16A"QPDXXF M5UBAL%)AE ?(`,QR&!9N"4E+-[RHCVIP$V4AC)T""A#AX`RJ]\+5P&Q M5C Y-!6YR".BW%@5+]$N6W:]M3VTWO!Y?6:2K]8N; M%^U025&XR>E"U[6H,.AJ6?";'IK7ZA=F)-VE"MPD''1=BPJ#KG0(Z+KZA8=( M=ZH"-PD'7=>BPJ`K'0*ZDA\:(3&(&+)$Q&=6SML-+YV%Q7VA]7OE&5LI&CYD MJS"(M8:32X=8Q-`7$H,RQ*`,,2A##,V+&&0@!AF(009BD($89`A9(H-9C2K+ MB.W&+E/#=82PZ-$G?NA6W&1_"F_-2F;"Z!IM]'";0UAP3PA4L7X!@RIKV>6. M]^TN>247-%H]1$MH1)&@$3%HM)8UT2^[7=);0;'50Z)#,8H$Q8A!,5 =*&RT(48=*%X$('B(>=AV23GS^P8;#>\92`L M&L'2"1X:HBWI!K`MOOARVB0/HT.6U2F0Q;*X?R0&6=:R9I`Y7/:[:[*7"YE6 M'XD/F2@69"(&F=:RR],:U\OVQ/._U4?B0S:*!=F(0;:UK(EO'N/ FR=ESSA M>SCNCLFW8++`1VI&OK*P1Y-8GI6KGQV)S"\5Z8^15>`C\>N5^5B-PEIA[DE? M/.@4OZ6A"QPD>"\L6.D-"AM79D_^@- RRTGGTAHULG!/.35 MQ3"^`D/-R;%H*'(L?.;7?$'&E`T8A'/,KX:+E?ED0S@J"Z&(02B*!Z$ 4]OB%?I/47"AECVB?1UH>P852[BS\C[A0ROFA 6K3TX1%(3" .SVF(S6J`4NE-_N02V@ M0Z(6_)%#HF+$A]Q>-MMDC8N*$AXR:;1F0?ZG&JU=P4>+"MS`LS3&X-YF\\$E MPX)G>=';6H8G`J7#0E5P?KZRHRJX>%%5H'AHM([YQ@B1R0^*4CPH2GZ0S[+@ M_""7\_/G![DH'N1R98-GA(4%CV)`"^N'5YXC!XD69EW]DA;)7>;X.O62XU@+ MRZ*QD;]B+$7#)X45!GELN,`/\E@6C#%HJ>0'>8A!'F*0A^)!'O*#/,0@#S'( M0_$@CV7NV8O#Z;))MU/0E%8?J9Z0R[%%_D0NLR1_2:[DMMXM?KWB\ +QS M:WU?K=%TB$$;8M"&&+0A!FV(01MBT(88M"$&;8A!&V+0AABT 0M_@19!GVHWZ*&&0@!AG &G!-#SHDAY\20 ?$D'-BR#DQ MY)P8 &G!-#SHDAY\20 V>!%I;% MM\CQ':AH'V:1$MTBQPSRD!_D(09YB$$>8I"'&.0A!GF(01YBD( 8A! MGI`E\I@E8R"/[X;L6C*6P;+@G@`T">>'0ZRS*WXB.G`3!=%*UJ+"((-ET1VH MWB\X1#J?AS(4#LH0@S)T""BS^@6'2.^+@5BKFYPQQ"(&L>@0$&OU"P^1W-,% M_58W.03T"UFBGUE8!OJ]WKSL2C36U;)85\O,H0-=D\D?>K_534X7NA*#KNX0 M?NL?S6OU>^$0T'5UDT-`5V+0E0X!75>_\!#)3\70=7630T!78M"5#@%=R0\B M$H.((4M$-*O.0$3?".UR-!;+LK@O='YA(^2GIK?F#E7S8(7?:(58Q"`6,8A% M#,H0@S+$H`PQ*$,,,A"##,0@`S'(0`PR$(,,(8MEP`I &=D$,.2>&G!-#SHDAY\20 2 ?$D'-BR#DQY)P8 M &G( 615LYN'/0C-^6);'- OJ6O?_V M_L?O/SU]^=O3X^G77[^^^?#Y'[^AU!%1`O[FR]///[R]7\\W\RP[ZM1:PEFP M"7G#M'?I0\FV/\!FZR+;CL:V;'^EML/I-A^6541J.>(\[*];9+G`LLQXR'*% M99G/I)8+3@'OAE2NZHHSP`L3%`L,*L>)J?G!::EGM84!/^4J1]CB?/'CH6+9 M;6XS?K9BBQET;TNGSS8S^-Z6CIYM$&!G5-#4^\OV]I=EM$RSMD4)Y1SNB*3Z MHWZH\0^WOY@JRV=U1ZU9^J_TR)!+4PL7@,28*9\2RUPAIL[:&:#%[&[+D,_E MT!ON;LO0SS8S0[OACQ;3S-1NR[#/Y=`C[F[XHY4SL[+;,@W@ 4V-_S1\H)P&Q-3LR' SSXARJLWL-T(_[*UQ.;-G96Q: M3+.Q"&U5F]E@-!IIY6#;0G?\-,C'PR[)%KJK-H0S?8EJN^.'%F/3^@'4%_3" M9MN9CX=R9]07]3S-;C)T5_,"V\78M.LSV\:H$ZH-&IV-1EJNS:TC)I]:CVUN M(3%YT6RXTVII#YH-E[8UUZ?E&M>P-=>@V7#Z6W,-F@W7L#77H-E0Q;:FGFDV MU*6MJ4N:#9>]-=>NV>[F^G`-VO696XG,-6@V @V 8: M-)NY- 0WMZCA&E2;N=T, MYZG:S*UCYERTNHM @C?W(Y\% >Y0U^NVG#Z9B:IVG#Z9@YF;PMA_ 906Q[,W`"7ZF I]I0' ./]JUFV>R &E M!Q= =0:]5.UF4>N43]5&XJ8,4"]/A0Q8X!J0ST[H3]3;>95 M"*8.:CE#]3-CAVI#]3/C]',VTR?C_1:L'V0U?;)J@W2F3U9MD,Z,J>KQS,LM MT)^I-LAZ,MIJUP=9S5BLVLP++8RV6CEH>T)_IMH@^ ;&8O5 'EMC?SME4^&MYQ>S-O6&4+7F.+72W- M\M7EL-B7KO+%KP+^6;>OLL6O!+Y9MZXRQ:\]OAF7KS+%KS]^&;>O\L6 MO`3Y9MZYRQ:\Z?AF7KW+%KQV_&9>: ,DXZIYF>5Q1E?&">2YS1YG[,V4P-50M& *\[1\$9X:*I9:EC,2\:Y#-X'#TTU"[[ +6_X*-W-?/N,H^'; M=#AKS8*/S]W,-\ZX#+Y!A[JC6?"1.5RI9KGC>N[J]>`SDSAK[4KQ'4F %]0= M?+>3+?@\* ^ N.L-0L^VXUZH%GP]6[4`\V"+W3C2C5+ MBQR8S[GSN76PF*^ZLZ6'Q7S F?+!(OYXCM;YC-F-7B& MBBUWE+FK91ZP/%1+!DNF6G)8 M-YE@F52+3,LLVJY MXTKOZI4^8,E42PY+KEH*6`K54L)2J98:EEJU-+`TJJ7&]=3J]32P-*JEA:55 M+1TLG6KI8>E5RP#+\(P%O>5)Z_G&$WI+U3+#,JN6.XYS5X_S@.6A6C)8,M62 MPY*KE@*60K64L)2JI8*E4BV/$VX=.&D][!U7>E>O]`%+IEIR6'+54L!2J)82 MEDJUU+#4JJ6!I5$M+2R=:NEAZ55+>4+?>]+F?,T),TC5TL+2G[3QIT6T7BTS MH,R@6D989M4R'(^WP3Z4D\PV1E@FU3+#,JN6^PF]I;U#*XGV.&$\/6ESRSO. M[:Z>VP.67,W!`SG(U3(%RA2JI82E5J/-1V3'OK L[KO2N7ND#EDRUY+#D MJJ6`I5`M)2R5:JEAJ55+`TNC6EI8.M72P]*KEA8Y:-4 CS1%CHVII8>GMRPN3>MTB6J^6&5!F4"TC M++-N.6!^;=\3E!QG@F52+3,LLVJY'W"[BWTM61+M RD&;[]QQ;G?UW!ZP MY&H._H>..]F)(X;"*/PJ*"^0*$TV4 O654V-?CO2@Z1C,F.R2D&JSC:?\PY[;O?K!5E5-F13"70G:' $]Y#3IJ^O>KWLOGQ=5%9D5=F03270MZ!]BTA2R4A6 M*4A5:4A3F9"N,E+UJ%57I*HTI*E,R*2R1_8J'>DJ`0DJ$8DJ`S*H)"2I9"2K M%*2HM!U/3 I2-=949FE059539D4PE(4(G(H)*0I)*1K%*04:4B5:7M M^$_P:5W6JVMN0O8J'>DJ,S*K+,BJLB&;RDPP>3ZMF7Q5VX(L*BNRJFS'F+-* MH(*@%41D4$E(4LE(5BG(J%*1JC)2]:A55Z2J-*2I3,BDLD?V*AWI*@$)*A&) M*@,RJ"0DJ60DJQ2DJ#2"P4TSPQ.R5^E(5YF1665!5I4-V52FS]QAV57E[;-^ M)G8]JRS'0+9*/,:Q/8U-!4$KB,B@DI"DDI&L4I!1I2)5)1!0WMBF[&T/XG%) MDZ]HH@?AG1[P1NQI=7J==$QFMJQ2D*JS%6:K.J8QIJE,2/?9")X6S9V.R*A2 MD:H2B/ 7/ZX>CM_FR]>'P]/_ M#UPV'_\>'GX^+R:\^` &ULE%G;CMLV$'TOT'\P])ZU M24F^+-8;2`K2%FB!HNCE66O+:R&V94C:;/+W/10I4C-DO,E+-AZ>& RQ\_V M>=Y=VZK R1_[= ML;YV8[3S[GO"G [XT;?ET0MU?1%+N MQMC##R_\N=ZU3= \/PXK\& '\N74_]6\_EK5S\<>RYTJEUUSPDSX=W:N50^@]/++\/>UWO?';10O[]+5 M(A8RC69/5==_K)5O--N]='US_D^#A`FE@T@3!']-D.1.KE.1+E60&XZQ 6CP64GV RZU8KFG^ MN0&AC&^#"@OB5:*_>)5RN;I;V;[S%URY#%E9DK4EQB23%#8TS\*">`I+DL)8 MN[*RVM/EDL;,#8C4OEI04&%!?.(5F7AH]+=J5RZT=FV):0J\NRV(IZ#."[;7 M9'IW@WSEX-&RHA7G!D1S8MU96!#/:>/GM(*FC4+D-X1RH*1H"VV(54RS+"R( M)R#0\!XK %07A8A'4P6=TZ2?2:$EC'L6$33`F1,+`TF MD(5#>6E@%2=DC-M#*#-KA%BRUL]'%-&I%=M%A4-YDRO!8OUYNQ>$ECC"@#:Q M+ **J8E(+H[S:5A]SBW3F](W^+`VL[HV M$;\5$^G".*(+O.K"\B>L_L'!=)(VD>JF)EI=0-SB]>WF] A_9S'U1D-KT%FT&16ES)QE-1&UU7R>D5H"I(AD3H4VC M`AM4Z7THK-[W)*PV$=JF)IJMVKHN6RT_"^E:36]M$E^;WN+,H"AG[O"E6:@- MSK-8K6\=M5*YL#V@353AU_RH-8X!A9=AF1C,[(P3:W9TYB,*K3+96@Q5.!37 M*$G%1#\&;N*;4CGX,`ZTTC`.^%%K'`, ]`%#%0[E M3:ZTAFT%F6+_ZO=O_V$OUN(TW:'&1`G8\,/`H;P *C"H;S)0U*8R-L JB&,C)O89;+H.3&CS$477@:$*A_(FAZ.W$U/(S3 $'%#Z"V$%3N7!BZ(:;*% QQH$^D#*?FQ8!RG'.@+>GT]?:[:YZJH3J=NMFM> M+EA3G,Z/#]9LO@PDR_M,?QI@(SE&5*FHT1M9C9\3V$B6"$2+@S[J$\1PC\]\ M\D1B9+C'\$9BC(2B94F">88/#)Y/`I^A+;R1%",AGRP&!SAC`I5B1)V!H1%P M$/3)XC5R&ZY9>`884 +5;`O@,>R6X M593V!/`YUGO`S^UZXZ/HM7RN_BC;Y_K2S4[5`0*]&`Z*5G\_U3_ZYCI\8GQJ M>GP.'?Y[Q'?N"E=S"W7M &UL ME%A=KZ,V$'VOU/^`>-^`G>\HR6H!W7:E5JJJ?CP3XB3H`HZ`W-S]]QU[P'@, M[=WF(0F'XYGC\?@$9__YO2R\-U$WN:P./IN%OB>J3)[SZGKP__SCY=/&]YHV MK ]\%09/=1)DV,WD7%=RY MR+I,6[BLKT%SKT5ZUH/*(N!AN`K*-*]\C+"KOR>&O%SR3"0R>Y2B:C%(+8JT M!?W-+;\W?;0R^YYP95J_/NZ?,EG>( V6V^WJM9)V>"ICW.UND M61];7XS"EWE6RT9>VAF$"U#H>,[;8!M`I./^G,,,5-F]6EP._A>V2_C2#XY[ M7:"_ ":@VK)-:@9.4KXKZ]:P@&!R,1K_H%?BM]L[B MDCZ*]G?Y_%GDUUL+RZWS9;*`3/#NE;GJ`9AZ^JX_G_FYO1W\^6JV7(=S!O*\ MDVC:EUR-];WLT;2R_!M)3&4W07@7!#Z[(.S_!YEW019#$#[CFR5;KCZ6$N"T M=#F2M$V/^UH^/>@Q$-[ 1NSITDS&5@07*%/N+HNM!,. %L^,BY"Q0A2,Q[F_V;9I8`,F_G _L]DBY$!7696:.V7H.4:&!1`9#.Q^H@X:=H6,S$F-/?A8"5=!%\%:"1NA M&I1EC=>"H9/1EG"]J2/1:K@V8$BF'#9"M2B?FM""]D6U.#L_8DC:8F?,YS.G M =8KEL]Q1B(;0NRA`GM*!/4BU.QT7,,M.N""Z2V!R: M6%G@D'C4$>B0'W2$9:.=`!=)F(40`7S::C7L6.VH(SJ2O0I\ZW:$(9F.L!&J M9=IR^83E .+\>&-&C!V!-:E.4-36*TH!/2[G321!Q)@SG$(R2Q$5H$F(*5V.U.KFY_ MY% A6_IO4UKQJO$!=(% M/*N#THGV &PO=V]R:W-H965T -QLCWF9-69UR GK(7Q-\?BTEQ[*[ 3S#O'\+-MM>^NR^L^[+8 MUE53[5L3NANK@?(YS\:S,?3T]+@K8`;2[:,ZW\^-;^)A(WQC_/38.>C?(G]K MT-^CYEB]176QVQ3G'+P-ZR17X+FJ7J0TV4D$C<>L==BMP)_U:)?OL]=3^U?U M%N?%X=C" YX;CF][$ &V=MMTYYZPO,_T8O;]P*?MUX^/`08;# [DT_.`/=0-!3YO0_GP/&9]8_B\-?[T/`3$BUI56)E[-Q^= MR5C%2!=;0=9F3X]U]3:"#0M1T%PRN?W%@X"N^ZCJ0^,69Q#N6RG_)O5=*XB@ M!NCW)]^>/HZ_0^!N>\U": A M"7U@ZZOB.K`-`F-PVLUSX"SF.<>Z.4J:=4?9$_U1BP&)KEARA>]8NB;@&E=7 MK+C"=\BT0ZZARQIQB>_8^J/B(8VC:Y(A#1ERRC7D2>L!!8G#S8#D'H;:6D*6 MPVMY#7:)(7NB0+8M,M*%TKA=\I2!O*0@H&!%04A!1$%,04)!2L&:@@T"VN0A M.0]-7N*Y`3Z\[6*7K.1"229=&I@ZSH0$U1+;O9D]\_1("+!](BQ!%G"%[9XC M!&D?8KL[=6WR_`C;'3&U20S%V&[/7#K^1+/[TWOP="DKU H0+L.GF)]0AEV5=)U%8:RK[8/I1]L7TH^V+[4/;%]J'L MB^U#V1?;A[*O9N?95S +J44OPHY3S>XD8)H5(R$C$2,Q(PDC*2-K1C:8 MZ)Z0M3OR!-UT\JA*=QVK>7K1??Y+1@)&5HR$C$2,Q(PDC*0]>;_XT01#U8\N M>+_\$;+61^Z[OE4Z3G 6DO>A%V&SHZ]*=U2E:L5 B-#64LS M0@[7-\6F-RN7V\Y[%8B0A?B0OU2!C@]!MDT2YZ)K/#>POU2S.PF89L5(R$C$ M2,Q(PDC:$S5GX:,2N5N[M6Z?NJ2RW>AV"V4S?8O*4GS(9ZI$UWQ&UV4!%Y=R M_]X]M&0D8&3%2,A(Q$C,2,)(VI-^:PJ?UO-K76!-?%)5;S2!-YVABP+=;;(F M1FYCF4W5S-A]OL-R/2ZLX7!"PGX)]]#2O>KP`J 2JTUNS"GQ%ORUAY[RYYJ MSD!'4+60ZH9>W:*6>7W(E_GIU(RVU>L97L\V'!AO5/TRL!`/ 6OOK35I;M O\@'W'[L>?H?``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!`Z]0T ME`(``"8&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T NI*'E?9_CWKX>;%49*D[XDK>A9AE^9PG?YYT_I M4 4)P;6PTTE9$ $]=@P;^1$.456 ;^$"T+/W/9P1=]Q*H42E?:`SG="KW->^VL?F/*T MY)"!*3N2K,KP?;@I$NSGJ:W/'\Z.ZN(;J48 ?N,]@V)#FTP#]D(\&>AC M:4S@[%]Y/]@&_)"H9!4YM/JG.'YEO&XT=-O&HZ*%2/"+.FY&`#(G+_;_R$O= M9#A>>LEM$(=1@M&>*?W`C2]&]*"TZ/XZ4&BBCR31B60!,D_WD1>MDC!9_I_% M=XIL)@71)$^E."*8#HBI!F)F+=P`\RF%DXXQ*2@M->A[`[=.(%>!]3E?QK>I M_PQ5HB?,UF%@QD=,.$7LS@B3GJ$M+@P^"!O50 L]%,]8,`\M8D&4\B[%UF(7MN"G);FXH+@R3F-"U M>8T6R5@C J> MB2T\$W;7_/$"MG #>4K&%S[_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`QH.U^V@"``!2 M!0``&0```'AL+W=O 7]UC9%U5#5TT(I7^(5;?%-__%#NM7FT M/> Z=&U>$6-9S26VB1ZX@TFHCJ8.CZ8@=#:=-2)(#R=-T0205"D>& ME7D/AVY;P?B=9CO)E8LDA@_4@7[;B]$>V21[#YVDYG$W7C$M1Z#8BD&XET"* MD62KATYI0[ DB4!IKIL!'3@QXX, M;RM\FZTV _*,;*_WGXUHO@K%8=BP)K^`K=:/'OK0^"M()A?9 M]V$!WPUJ>$MW@_NA]U^XZ'H'VRY\"M,#5()?)(6W`'1.G\/_7C2NK_!LD12? MTEF6%QAMN77WPN=BQ';6:?DG@K(#523)#R0SD'F(YTE^763%XO\L)"H*G=Q1 M1^O2Z#T"=T!-.U+OM6P%S( PQJUVX/'PV,.WBX.OT@3` MK=;N>/#.F+Z&]5\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#+R#_*4@D``%TJ```9 M````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T 2[LP`N\!BL1_/:>JVP4WB(G9O[_S[D4Q9(BE7O?O2M.2A B'W?EQ=^S.[=WR MS[9?_GK_MU]NW[O+M_ZE;8>%6>' NLMI M-Y@_+\^K_O72[A['H--QE:W7U>JT.YR7L,+-Y6?6Z)Z>#OM6=?NW4WL>8)%+ M>]P-AG__ SQ,/A>!C^'!==+D[[FS^>S]UE M]W`TU_U#%+O]M/;X1[3\Z;"_='WW-%R;Y59`-+[F>E6OS$KWMX\' KNYOQP3]]]"^]^CW1?_2O?]V.3S^_7!N3;9-G6P%'KKNFX7^ M\6A-)G@517\=*_#/R^*Q?=J]'8=_=>^_MX?GE\&4N[0A^^YHOLG\7)P.M@?, MI>]^C)_OA\?AY6Z95]?E9IV+K%PN'MI^^'JPL C;$W&%BS.?_^ ^%HOY5L*NG`# MD.U8>$M& W M)P@&('@EUC7;-1H%$(:;68;6RAFRFC2` SW8H8!`9;E# %S6'RD\)RD6X " %K+`XAE(V;%*4K9N)3K31 M )=CK5#\.TJW1J8'P1`5>M F?8 M,K`FP+.,#3"-`VAFTRJ3SZD,:^[&@3Z@"BO@O$Z64?:+.*V3GZ>U2,O/Z.:S MB&]O!P*N S)R*(BB\862BDM M/06H2GIK.Q"F-(E12!JW:!Q%*:4%I@`I,.NA]R>LNQL'@AJ9-Z1\NSA_H*Q( M1):;__4Q] :WS#>&;():\["-893HC/*8FZCIO=;1F3B MVPR^LQUH]INE=P:BL.8L7&,X)9K6FP*$@W1`I-H.]'$'1.I#(F8[`(50OG;L M?WS+68`J4+[LKK]QH-"1,K*HR**QA5)*"TX!XO#)OIX49"JG=&&!I(HL&ELH M)3O%$UF"(4^R%$EV`2"H:E95_&%:.@!FB$/$IN;OMC4.(83+M+J,;CZN^ ,+"JR:&RA5-)"4X(HI/>T`V%*DY:$TG*+QE&44EI2RAE)X:]H&@>" M E/R@R7200)K18**;5[S4:%Q#.6 J3 -M_M9LQ+.QR/]GV#B0_0AWQA5[52(#RG=G;+(G^>PUFP]?:SB9!R?& M3NWEN97M\=@O]MW;V7R=;3!OA1.!C;B1F8UG=F5."L[9OY3UC F#1>X'@@_#%TK^,YL(=N,*?]QE]? MS#'.UASX6E\;\%/7#=,?]F+]P=#[OP```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/5Q M&'%U`@``D`4``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULC)1;;]L@ M%,??)^T[(-YK;"=QG"A.U:SJ5FF3IFF79X*QC6K``M*TWWX'2-PTV:4OMCD X6=N\?7Z M_;O57IL'VW'N$!"4K7#GW+`DQ+*.2VH3/7`%.XTVDCI8FI;8P7!:AT.R)WF: M%D12H7`D+,U;&+II!..WFNTD5RY"#.^I@_AM)P9[I$GV%IRDYF$W7#$M!T!L M12_ 3]E4\J.[+"XP$O!C+:Z U M@`Q\V9'A385OLN6FP&2]"O7Y*?C>GGPCV^G]1R/JST)Q*#:TR3=@J_6#=[VO MO0D.DXO3=Z$!7PVJ>4-WO?NF]Y^X:#L'W9[Y(TSWH`1/)(6_`I`Y?0KOO:A= M5^%)D 0 M&%'(Y)8ZNEX9O4=P.T#3#M3?M6P)9)]"D4(EF=^\\;O!!\P6K(_KHEBLR",4 MA1U\-M$'KO3HDX\>!%1&* I/SN:ZE9-G)"-)OH4H:>G((G_P3[72CX M:7SY_(P XN8WBDH30:AC=8XD!L8R#Q4>=R`.1EHR[]0TPIE4 ' &ULE)Q; GA5'B56Q+9>D3&;^ M_1Z0;('`Z;@R\S!VOFX ]H>7]X/1]7!PM7MY.'S> MOWQ]/_C/OZ/?[@=7I_/VY?/VZ?"R>S_X:W GA \/5T?7G W-\W;_,F@5@N.O:!R^?-D_[%:'A^_/NY=S*W+ ]X>OWU__>WA\/P*B4_[I_WYKT9T ?H^GV0;2;?Y#\ M\_[A>#@=OIRO(7?3%I2?>7XSOX'2AW>?]W@"$_:KX^[+^\''45!/)H.;#^^: M`/UWO_MQZOU^=7H\_(B/^\_Y_F6':*.>3`U\.AR^&=?TLT%(?$.IHZ8&JN/5 MY]V7[?>G\[\./Y+=_NOC&=4],TD>#D_("?^_>MZ;-H!'W_[9_/RQ_WQ^?#^8 MW%[/[H:3T7@VN/JT.YVCO4D[N'KX?CH?GO_7.HTZJ59DW(G@9R ^GQ@.V` @1* `$&AV )$>NI&6D8-@]\/;C&IO#%L=$[H M+3]W6EZ X MB;K$:M&1J6W%1%9$0B(1D9A(0B0ELB:2$ 1%9$0B(1D9A(0B0ELB:2$ .` M*5Q [88'RSV)W ='.[[!"[[7A M>[ M]B`5'YO?FE$FZ,W\ YVN16@$TBZ6F(*,%VI J-B!&CV"8T9T/3V6PX\?IF8EU$ M.V6A-:/,)FRTQ[/9S'NTW+J(=L%"&T:E3=AH#X?SH;?ZJ:R+:->.D-LMS&9- MJ[1N$] 6H1:@AR6K%*.R04R-MPAZ*.6'"*&6M-:.,$^:,"DZX M851RPHI1[21T(VRV;UJ$NVU=/\(M ?VZ$[QBVQ[6C&HG8 R5,RH8;5BK M9*^*4>T@=Q@R.SXMYNU.T(EYBR;.">>M-\@LL?/KED2V9I1% +X&M_ ME@U%QK:XB%$L",NP2S.@S)+.J\ML>#WWIMU49&QF:T:9H# %:( MC,ULPZ@4]&9FE9O9\)H7OEUM*)W-[$.UBF_WIT[%MP@5+\/DTG0\?^';(D19 MO$+QLH\:,8H%V05FTJ&>5BI>5FO-*!-DM7+6*L3+:FT8E8*L5L5:M7AQA#%\ MJ!%NN+NUZ-`$M75IQ[-;;Y>V[+RF8^DTWGRVL@Z7*A!E.Y1%C&*;T"P?T4.\ M!75B'40Y99DUH\PF-,KH#M.Y\Y^[B,FMN^13L.B&46D3MD]P[SU!91U$N79D MG%%Q_).C@89[5=<>#:#J1'?9>:&>!*T8A1WJ3441HY@3)HQ23KAFE''"G%'! M"3>,2DY8,:J=A&Z$S ;^:7^/D-9QAN MW$$F%26;WYI1)NC-_'(OO^$MKO!XXW8A2C:_#:-2T)OY57Y^8QQ^>$NP6I2: M_-Q&8/;76J]K]]W]27_ DMJP[U=OJA>-FGC1C%@JQ6PEJI>%FM M-:-,D-7*6:L0+ZNU850*LEH5:]7BI43X)]MZ T;;U_)+3L$F+C:`:_ MR0QG4M[PM[(N4B^A(#LB1HQB09WV\&[H]Y7$NHAV*LAJKQEE@D3[_G;NC2"Y M=1'M0I#5WC`J!;7:XWL ['WH">6`^13EEGS2BS"9N5S'SJG]'EUD.D"];9,"IMPD;ZUM\*5M9!E&M' MQNT19M^HU5>[GW3JJT7.1-&BWJRP&A,*.^341NO50S$G3!BEK+5FE''"G%'! M"3>,2DY8,:J=A&Z$, Q5,:H=Y`0=#4L->L/=H'?(VY)[@\Q2O!"O M2]7P(KCSZC;N.*;Q9$*1L6N3B%$LZ,W,$C^SF==04I&QF:T998+>S"RGS+PG M*T3&9K9A5`IZ,[/*S\Q_M5Z+#"_+S*&EUML:[E4\;^@[K_["MT.]/7XH7O91 M(T:Q(+O`3%@K%2^KM6:4";):.6L5XF6U-HQ*05:K8JU:O)0(_V1#;VY#>.-9 MAXS6I=/P:5?G=3FUO?.6>"OK(!-:*,IV,1,QBFU",U4.KV?^_&X=1#EEF36C MS"9LE:=>F7/K(,H%RVP8E39AJ^RW_ CA\?T%C']V:P]L+OWS;]+$Y@?+X`M\\-6'W^3BH5?\) MOI$R>W//_^,T^(B2LF$Q#>JFJW@)%K.@;KY]\CB:?&`"STIH^8$)-EO0O@,3 M 1:L'V.C`[.%;#'AKM0+/@?`EQ:SY3\'H]CID0-\V"HR3$ M3;/@1`EQTRPX6$+ #F$&&C3)5[UH&R:!2]NH*99 M\!H&]:-9%BC!XB L^`M+-JU9L&[5L1-L^#R0V#>OG.I UI6PTMTU()FP;MT M]`7-@C?F:&^:!3=4`G/G@?/!U93`7'U@"VZH!.8&!%MP424P%R'8@LLI@;D/ MP1; !YM1,(503R/9L%-0;0WS8(+@VA5F@6W`M&J-,MRA!D0!W- "S7-LL#S+'[R/)A+5`NN MBN))M1C@QBAJ3K/@XBC:M6;![5!$1[/@DBC:M6;!+7X\CSKVXDD7ZI/BLCB> M1XL!+H3C>30+[H7C>30+KH?C>30+KH#C>30+;H+C>30++H2C]6H67/I&"]$L M^`8#?5N+`;Z[@)IFP= =U^W17;X]?]R^GJ:? S_`/#W,WE+]M\^#\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`B M:ECR!P\```5$```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T 1%,FMO3PKCA*K8ELN29G,_/L](-D"@=-Q M9>9ADGS=.`"[0=P(^]WO?SX_7?VQ.Y[VAY?W@]'U WDX?-Z_?'T_^,^_ MH]_N!U>G\_;E\_;I\+)[/_AK=QK\_N&?_WCWXW#\=GK %Q][P]71]>=R^P?#D ;T>MQM/S>%GI]NQL/A[ '[\^[EW,K >'7Y%[WAZ_?7_] M[>'P_`J)3_NG_?FO1G1P]?P0IE]?#L?MIR JX^_)^\'$4UI/1X.;#NR9`_]WO?IQZ M?[\Z/1Y^Q,?]YWS_LD.TD2>3@4^'PS?CFGXV"(5OJ'349*`Z7GW>?=E^?SK_ MZ_`CV>V_/IZ1[IDI\G!X0DWX_]7SWO0!//KVS^;/'_O/Y\?W@\GM]>QN.!F- M9X.K3[O3.=J;LH.KA^^G\^'Y?ZU3T_2+R+@3P9^=R'A\?3 9="+X M4T1^N0%W75G\^;?+CBXAP%_^?FD\8!M`_.572]^T26B2M]R>MQ_>'0\_KO!& MH`6GUZUYOT;A"`_3I:V+_261Z$\/QOVC\7\_P$N+%)U`__AP.QR_N_D#/>.A M\YFSS\CU6(B'Z1U&=NF#E0\B'\0^2'R0^F#M@\P'N0\*'VQ\4/J@\D'=`S HC878)/AI6(A'E)DZ8.5#R(?Q#Y(?)#Z8.V#S`>Y#PH? M;'Q0^J#R0=T#3J#Q@E.@)\-+GS9FC$*]/CV;>8& '8SX+59 M1YP?]P_?YH=F-2)Q-NYNG%LR&MM^VY(QIM-+=Y_-O.Z^O#A)PE9$(I*.+SY] MZ:G[)B47)Y%.B:Q).KOX]*5GKG1^ )DS-$ M5GL'#'9STY*1G3,7+1D'3F[NW*8L+T[2E!61B$A,)"&2$ED3R8CD1`HB&R(E MD8I(W2=.B,V^K+ C3V=5> T$M3+(*-8D-5*!%FM5)#56C/*!%FM7)#5*@19K0VC4I#5J@19 MK5I0H^5&V&RTE#'+[+>]UZI#,PQ_O??*R^6B\YK>-^_,%& Z MN1VZ0]QBU'I-VJGD?C*Y\\YWEM9#TK(29(>`B%$LJ)6>!>/`F\82ZR'2J2`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`]_.Z_>2>^2T:I#O :@:&WX&U_%*.]S?^\.W[=+79/3Z>KA\/W%\PC(TPQ']Y=^.6' M0#XVDZ_'Y_CAD.8'+'P^#FO5?X(?)C&3N.?_ B]H0D?6]!'Y0=@O$9CF@C-.,5E,%N$9KAB"V:(T(Q: M;,'4@)AIECE:,%?;AA$H-!V;U3#.A*9_LP7#36BZ.5LPZH2F:[,%8TMH>CA; M,)>'9G9@"R;QT$P2;,% YSXTTS9;L,5#K)NK\5[OQ4X/$=4LV,XA!IH%NSKT>,V"S1WZM6;!%@YQ MTRQS6.:J!7MG1$ SX)`/^=$L.,A#?C0+3M%11FLU MSLY11K/@"!TYU2PX2<>XHUEP>HYL:Q: Q"#9OWI]1U\ND';-`L^ MQ$!-L^"S"O*C6>9HP?PG+1AAW-':MD29I6K!-PZT6BL3P6(.R'ETP1 VMH/NJQ!=]10_-MCRWXG!J:3WQLP5?5T'S68PN^G6)MHEEP MF0%JVDB..PVA^:C.:KC'@'HT2PV+^ 9HP5QM`;Z3A^:#*Y=9P6*^N[(% M'\5#\_F5+?@V'II/KFS!%_#0?'EE"VZ SJ(J&;!=1U$5+/@ MUDYH+GVP&FX#XGFT$0E7_O`\F@4W_]#?-`LN`*)7:1; 9_Z3Y\% !#L/D!:U M0("!0S,L`Z1+,ZP"9$LS1`&2I1GB`(.&9D@")%$SI`%RJ!G6`5*H&>;3L-9Z MZ@*#G+:.C3&8:SS#X*OQ$I.9QA?8_#3CX _RZ?SE=/>V^ MX/0`AV#X.'9L?XU#^X_SX;7Y=0&?#F?\5H;FKX_X=1L[_&`I#K8&5U\.A[/\ M`^_3S>47>'SX/P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`&5NY_,:'@``9(P``!D` M``!X;"]W;W)K &ULE)U9;QTYDH7?!YC_(.B]K;LO M"=L-Y[X"@T'/S+-*EFVA+,N05%W=_WX.DXP,DH>27"^^UA?!(!G)) [AQX?+];O5Y ''[8?+?]\^7?[]XW_^Q_L_'QY_?_IV>_M\`0L_GCY [Z^?\>?CUZNGGX^WUY_G1/??KS:KU>'J_OKNQZ6UD#W^ MBHV'+U_N;F[+AYL_[F]_/%LCC[??KY]1_J=O=S^?Q-K]S:^8N[]^_/V/GW^[ M>;C_"1._W7V_>_[W;/3RXOXFZ[[^>'B\_NT[ZOVO]>[Z1FS/?Y#Y^[N;QX>G MAR_/[V#NRA:4ZWR^.E_!TL?WG^]0`^/VB\?;+Q\N/ZVSZ7R^O/KX?G;0_][= M_OGD_?_BZ=O#G\WCW>?Q[L OY"OS7X\7G MVR_7?WQ__N^'/]O;NZ_?GG&Y]R;)S %R@QSN/C]_ M^W"Y/;S;'U?;]69_>?';[=-S?6?27E[ J[1A&RVVI:, ME5>NXEH:COG/K]3QRK;>N=67U\_7']\_/OQY@:$$^3S]O#8#TSHSQEQ[=YDO M/0`=\ ZU(W3R5EG'6H4HF&ZE3%;QJ"* M01V#)@9M#+H8]#$88C#&8/+`%5RV^`V7ZB_YS>@;OTF- Z> -9E);60Z0B4A-IB+1$.B(]D8'(2&3R2>`M3%8I;QD\>TOJF%NR.2S= MK"!2$JF(U$0:(BV1CDA/9"`R$IE\$O@!DV_*#P:'?K#$Q2UF@"V(E$0J(C61 MADA+I"/2$QF(C$0FGP1^0"CA^\%-6N^. IXIZ7KDH28.KB-1$&B(MD8Y(3V0@,A*9?!*XS*Q/>)Y_T65&/729 M);[++-F H6J,JB.5)T&PY[/LFUO6 6)FACX*!CNK`8 M$Y(VP6A\*]96:>>O'!(#I=7:K^=VNMV=MX=H]JG$D-WR,J%C[=!6.V4C6J]F MUSHME]WZN%X=HP&^$T.:7 LM$YJ]YZQ\//\W6TM*J;20?K6NCMI"OK5:TL(VFUD*U M9)`H&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4T!"GUJ0G?/IXOO;$@?M#2'=#PJUH1*1A6C MFE'#J&74,>H9#8Q&1E.`0J^8,#SE%1N>!UYQ$;MVHP*QM^E_WGY`R:AB5#-J M&+6,.D8]HX'1R&@*4.@5$X&GO&)X%&=;A+XLW:58$RH958QJ1@VCEE''J& &S?N@MA^#YQ5L.O;$SH%J2L&)4,VH8M8PZ1CVC@='( M:`I0Z,!HM?"F`WD5L;$H "0&0TT*MX?PX"O '%4RJAC5#J&OB#L;UFH9 M=8QZMC6PULAH"E#H*!/()R:`C0WP_6G1H2UZE.>H:!%9B!;:VJ+%ZP?1LBO& MT^&PB7;G*M'0T*1FU`AZ-;=6M&QN^]-^'Y6Z$PW-K6 W`Y+,+ED(95F%O]F+6WNNPM!6T7K4J0UK5FU`A2 M6ZT@M=4)4EL]HT&0VAH%J:U)4,(KT2IAZ &UI?KM]M#8M MG);;YSNC_87=O50%L5R)9>W(-:-&$YKQ?HT#&-'BI%4-,=VQG9[1H`F-Z>-I M'RU*1U40RU-@)FQI+ZP23'@217X.^>M1A[S=NY)1)0E]EUGSWCC: V M>D8#)QP934'"T"LFSD_U/QO_!_W/HF@XC':^"L0B W\ZVAVB4:$0+;M5M\8MAFW44$I5D +FE'#"5M&'2?L&0V -38+#(;+#JQ'N+=8X0> L1;^9? M!EW#H^'%(L287H'H]NC6:D6])EK,E:HEQ:X BL"0P1%UV=95TE^A=,Z M:ME+1I4@7:;6#GGS9"-::JMEU`E26SW;&D1+;8V,)H?V'*]NHY71F][B%=-L M`K >,6U>NV,4 MX+>>FN39_5*>O:34/`=!43VCJ6?TU"3/Z:T\PV9NUEJIX G3!D]NA)L)E=CQ8VEK.N@"OY);&^:V/QWBYM)Q;KU# M7FZ#:`4-*#X/-8:YK;?;33363F*';X2;L=:_&F]V([MZ"ZZ21?Y)HMEJ>"/ _F=25:N@BK'?)\T(B6#B "=!U3,"H958QJ1@VCEE''J& AZ\XB_\8XHY)1Q:AFU#!J&76,>D8#HY'1%*#0*V:AXGGEK3%]9Q 6.$"/#3'3:J&@OB-4.RW_QK@F=):CJ]*J@ECN&/5L M>5`M9SF*OD95$,M3@$*_1BL "7C4.`_JV4V99 G6(-U(FL3/G%EX/$_6GKH==#037PR(_&H8_3;^&\Z5)E@YY6]65:&E=:T:- M(+75.H0?,=^)EMKJ&0V"U-;H$'[$UB1:":_`X4FO&![-OA:%Y^KCRUV8K37C M*'=':[N)SP^7JB'EJP1I$%@S:@19TZ=5/'&UJB"6.T%JN6 'EH3DJ%JTM,$V M:LM+&._EMJHE.79LJV :GP%;H]!?6/7M>]S@4C!)6"QZ6K$JG MY:'*(;A3M&I!ON_(5LNV.D[8,QHXX L;;"B;@2.,FN(' M[0JGA1EPOKN]X59HS7C39>72>#M8-:,FLKR/'V!L54&\W[&9GM&@"4V9UWLZ M?Z0*8GD*S(0N->L/+_!Y:RFYM^L5/R!RR`^(!.ET4#*J!&EKJQWRG-N(EMIJ M&76"U%;/M@;14ELCHTG0;"OTU@OKFSVO;QP*Q\)H;"Y$"7U,1S2*VIT6BF6N M>&IK6S1T1ZAV"'N,T@J:7\JM%5LVM]36MFAH;CWG-OQ2;J/8LKFEMK9%@S=K M3>?^2VV7%U>SB0^7P>!IM=8K?_1T#`_FBC ,-H\O,9! 6%] M'&Q,#]=( MC\T=\K?N'`KWCN,#]Z5JB:V*4 "6EJM-W9E M74)_5Y91S:AAU#+J`A16S@]@S\L3R@>.4QT*-P[B%SL43LN+0$M&%:/:(?\) M(]9J&74!"NOFAYM>W3C:/%ADCI@N@>3N%.WM%J(5+*`IW!0MMTF'`^WG:+>Y M$A6=L&I&C:!7LVM%RV9W...^27APHQ.-.;?002:XDG[M. J7/ MT5F7PFFYA>UZNXM/A)>J(:8K,:U#? 37GP.E@$6HN9@N'O.5YR:B2A'Z]G"U%#2=L&76!K:`B.("7:HLS#F,=A\+S MK^>HU1=.*]PFBU_-6:J6.*5RZ(WSKZ*E+;916W[3BJ<>U9( =H\VMO&'78>B>2DZQ%TXK:BI1UJE:HFO*S&/*B8;GGTQF&AYX[7:LELJ M4:-J52YY=8&5T!U^?(6!Q;YR]\57\1TY['+(GYT QM3UYAAKUHRW7>->4XB6>Q9JL]KNH@FL5!6I6.403A\( MJAWR@K5&$YHK>UZOXCW=5C7$3A>8#J]M.@0[ Q&SAT$E1R:@2I)V] M=BBHE\W1L]5*0C7?"9IMA14Q04NBS]I8)NBS#H411A0"%CCG:8:HH,_2^?A2 MM ^ZP9-9I0>_;N'!T?:%5+S'=BZZ4A(72*":;4*6_V7!M[! M %D]52]%J0=N:&;;6,.H?0@6$KK*") 3/1ORLQY'=F6X*@T5OT>G9MF-UY=8@? MP>V"W`('F:/[GH/>:@&S>AC-.>3W>X=PV%.N;>D06J>@2K1T&[UVR'>!:*FM MEFUUHL6;Y" A5\*MWJ9$,MOUL)TCY=,"H958QJ1@VC MEE''J& )'A;Y7."P\6>3O]C(J&54!"G/W@S`_=XZV3A;Y.[2, M2D95@,+ S,' 6*I61J!*S/&F>S&R=*IN;Z_VR6>0'[G/J.3"2K$I&E4,V M"@H]8^8\+_=YP-X B(23>[75:KP=/ MI=BRL=KAM-E&&U&5V.%GR\XOC/@SCQQF1WQ_"'%::%KJ,*N%KBFH$BU>T9RC M$3_146:5J"!V\`\VW[BCN(3!ZF:_CA>IJJ7%=7,+*J(!LO=$:'C)7Y@USCQK M.!3LA24ZBDWHY@, +L3Q&HF`E RT$5[H^-!?X1*:DZG+]=JOHQWM4K7T0EOS M)O!>$KZXYWGV9Q0=QV WN%->K$CN)KNW/ M0L[YZ_V+>UKX@MM\@L&;&AT*>KS5P@ZIN+$4+;U+4@GR!F[[=3?[G:O[V\>O MM\7M]^]/%S RZ-4J#GI*9?I`HP?F4Y4G?H)UF15)2 M0F*N/5M#F\Q,$V`)OA3X*>E-%#GI?[@_J;_-\!VGA/U=]LFN":*JY^ 8\2I"Y_`8D95KDZ%21F=&4)(NHL M1P#*$D31F8E668)P.3-!*TN*TQEI4A (:?![FY6)B78 MOLW,WB6GP2YN9K8P68+-W,QL6[($N[69V;UD27[$] ZMHCXI M"6ZQHCXI">ZTH@0I"8Z'9.8H1:*FD)@3%2S!&8DLQXUZEN! F9/2;`U'T#-S8)HE.':>F6/3+)D@,8>G69(? M5BA;JI?@*0V4(%4?/*R!?%(2/)*!?%*2'"7(DR7`XP)9D924D)1)206).:K. M] *(.94M)\*QV9IX[YA:"Y[,S\_@Q2_! &/5)2?#8,.J3DN#I8=0G) %4:[3DF*' UL_,@^ ;%5"S!>P NI:9]X!Q"6I(S.O`6%)L,9+;.R-4'XS*20E> MI8GZI-I.#K_E+_@-*XFD!"^J1*E3OJXA,6].Y%+C'94H6TJ"EU"B[:0D>/$D MVDY*@G N3DN#%V/!!2H)O!F3FG?C ?,Z2_`:^\R\;9TE>%E]9EZZSA*\ MLQXU34GP_0>4.E4??/,!I4Y)\&4'E#HEP0<>4.J4!-]Y0*E3$GS,`:5.2?`9 M$J1)S0OX_`C2I"3X"@EJFI+@8R29^;`&>P `H^F)/B&"SR:DN!3+IGYZ`A;*S88D>S3+5'?+C98 M\>,^"Z=I(#%?:&()OL@$:RE)L3'[MLFQ:H-5*%[FRM;P+1_DDY+@RSRPEI+@ M4Y69^;PB6\,7*S/SE466X,.5F?G8(DOPL 11?=T4)4J7&1UZ13TJ"3[G"6DJ2HP1YL@3XS&AF/FK)I2XA*9,2?%$T,Y^X MY#3XL&AFOG3)$GQ?-&N2$GQ3-#/?O>0T.>J3)^N#S_.B;*F:5I"8C\>R-7R* M%V5+2?!%7I0@) 9ZZ6CK:T\?W/Z^_ MWD[7CU_O?CQ=?+_]@CN)J_D&Y^/=5W.OV?[Q;+]\>O';P_/SP[WY".K%M]OK MS[?XD.[*O!;VR\/#L_P!]UW]^?#X^].WV]OGC_\O`````/__`P!02P,$%``& M``@````A`% &ULG)S;;ALY$H;O%]AW$'0_MEH'RV[$641]/@&+Q>SNM6++L1#;,B1E,O/V M^[/):C;YTTZR $??SX_3?[8'4_[P\OM-+J832>[E[O# M_?[ER^WTW[_GOUU/)Z?S]N5^^W1XV=U._]J=IO_X^/>_??A^.'X]/>YVYPDL MO)QNIX_G\VM\>7FZ>]P];T\7A]?="R0/A^/S]HQ?CU\N3Z_'W?:^+_3\=#F? MS:XNG[?[EZFV$!]_QL;AX6%_MTL/=]^>=R]G;>2X>]J>T?[3X_[U)-:>[W[& MW//V^/7;ZV]WA^=7F/B\?]J?_^J-3B?/=W'UY>5PW'Y^0K__C);;.['=_T+F MG_=WQ\/I\'"^@+E+W5#N\\WES24L??QPOT M0?_9[[Z?1O^>G!X/WXOC_K[=O^S@;8R3&H'/A\-7I5K=*X3"EU0Z[T?@G\?) M_>YA^^WI_*_#]W*W__)XQG#W]=T=GE`3_C]YWJL80->W?]Y.YZAA?W]^O)TN MKBY6Z]DBFJ^FD\^[TSG?J[+3R=VWT_GP_%^M%*G:!R,+8P0_C9'E3Y>%9M\` M_#1EU[] ?OQP_'P?8+)C9: N#;@0NX;+!;QB#7_*;TE=^DQYO!%A'SETW)J(A M15(?9#[(?5#XH/1!Y8/:!XT/6A]T(^`X"?%$3L)R*K&DQ%C(1K$477E.V&B= MU TOZN#%D M::.&2$HD(Y(3*8B41"HB-9&&2$ND&Q/'#WB`AOR@L.L'3>97U@]$4B(9D9Q( M0:0D4A&IB31$6B+=F#A^0#(0\H/"KA\T,9F5>N`D1%(B&9& JN?S2)[.,IT62.*H?%93[S M5J!T4)*)EQ')B11$2B(5D9I(0Z0ETHV)XS+D 3$9Y28U=*E/7 (%5&*T%K9@RBACE!LTMP4+UBH9 M58QJMM6P5LNH ]"1JPP1O+O!C4)K/5M[T M%*V%GK]75^N;&U *EJXNBN;+F=?N2E1L=36C1M"[U;6B M9:I;1RMORG>BT=?FCH=*7T/CH=-:9SPTPGA(+"=J5ZF]+R@5M!BT,D&VKSFC M0I!='TM!UE8ER-JJ&36"K*U6D+75"0IX1:6I(:_H]-7QBD9S=XBNW.A*(I/W MVEF9,LH8Y08YTYELE5RP8E2SK8:U6D:=@]SP47ELR%$FO[7]W2!#ZV-%)2YR MOC"?K7U'&2T=RU>SV?K:U4C%CAW(3)`-BIQ1(4B;7EU'-Y[ITFI(.%>"K.F: M42/(F%ZMYMZI2&LUQ'0G*!!^*BL>>=6 EAN#*G<>>6MX]NJ \^7% QBX85V)PI]9>[(J!1]-#(_ MC&.=TCLCIA%&3.9-@A13+21+^QQ*!=FHR@39J,H- U:'N$-\Z;7>\I9$:D5%\>ZE.HE)/Y4`[ M+5-&&:/ -O.GGED9K:?:&H=Q2#-FG8 &-3-.=-D4'C:2[('@^G!L'5$G^9:-F^YHP*0=96R;8JT;*V:D:- M(&NK95N=:`6\@DQQ/,V'*%7 O&JM7`QWCA4WU+QM MS(^>-'/>WA@TWMX8M+(!D3+*I*!=3G-!8S?J&D>V2K9524%KJQ9D;35 M>!MAG*!6CQMM,W\S;31&BU2*:.,46[0.']AK9)1Q:AF M6PUKM8PZ![F.4EE[*'QT-N^$CT8KK.`C1WG!FZ@C?AU1*KQ#FVFK(>&=&>0$ MF+8S0H4MJ$R'-M-60TQ7;+IFU-B"O>G`9MIJB.G.L>-Z5:7X(:_JU-_QJD;P MJMA- "S=+_&S7*H@G M,X/02D$YH\(65'$672^]PZ'2*HB9BLW4C!I;L+ Q`IXPR0>,`U+9&SBU$R]HJ&56"K*W:H)&M1K2L MK991)R@0@-[V0%*0!6\##/)6.V^Y28S62EUXPI,UNO+?)Z560T8S$V2/D7*I MS7:_$"UC>K:^\H*[M!IBNA)D3==LNA$M;7IU?3/S3BE;JR&F.T%\8*6N)_U2 M#/+VHC>![84]J$P$V:ZDC#)!=J.4"QK[4M W-FTH4;&4U5]:(UKN5M:(E!]/SZQOG/V_E[D2? MSZD1'\[0_'`QY9U+;Z(?,IDXB4'C >_1XY]0+O7M`@-MH7JV]E6=CM-3\&6)^ MM?;B)[%:XN:44 \C/]'*RH6-C\]-0CORVRGM9;:ZP]KQ#SRUOG4%(26%,P8Y8P*1B6CBE'M M(- -O'S)>;E!CANTEMJ-C\+!>T&1FH+0DDYDC')&!:.2 M4 %CY/O(/+U(C'Z42&:/ =\ H]42@S9P\U'B8AU_ M@BETQ),@08I5`A&27$/2-\4K@T\ BZ#J(]5!+`$P1]G M00GF0*SB@ ]=8 M[;!8@BTL?!V2X-`/(Q?V#N9@4+*!WS9!O^'4"3X(>11'2_!!2((3)O@@),%! M$WH:DN`T"3T-27"HA)Z&)#A;0D]#$ARZHTQ_ZNHM-SA[1YF0!"?L\$Y(LH%' M-T&_X5`8W@GY&D>_\$Y(@A-@>" /,5JQ @\7JG0Y+\+(+ZW1(LH'?-D&_X?T,O!/R*%[`P#LA"=[#P#LA M"5['P#LA"=ZZP#LA"5ZVHS^AE0]OU-&?D"297\7J12[[H(!$O99E"5[#PEI( MLH'?-D&_X4UIG`8E>!V*%H1\G4.BWO)Q"_!R-%9O]EB">S`8[=!S#M=AX)V0 M!+=>T)^09`._;=[P&YZ`00DN7:`_(5_C[@7Z$Y+@"@;Z$Y+@F@5&(23!;0OT M-"39H#^;8']PDPFM#O4T@T3=LV&/XL826AV2X.(26AV2X((26AV2X'8=RH2> MC14DZH(8MP!WZ]#3D`17[&)U78S+X%H=1CLDZ2!1E\>XS`:235"20)($)2DD MZM8 6L\[AW'ZK(LE\'UXUC= MF64)KAS'ZNHL2W#7&)EK2()+K;&ZLLIE [SPUI(LD&K-V^T>AVK^\S :PN.7,9W"N/ MBZ`$=\EC=>69R^"##;0ZU)\$$O7I`)?!EQAH6TB"#S+0MI`$WV6@!2$)/K[` MR(4EF,'X?(=;@*^H,'(A"3ZF0KR%)/B`"F,:DN##*8QI2((O>M#34+Y30**^ MON&VX6L;6`M)\+D?K(5F%C[>@[60!)_BP5I(LD&K-V^T>HYX"_4G11GU[1:W M&E_&H6TA"3Z0PYB&)/A.#O$6DN#;.(QV2++!8SLTU@EVMZ'X3##A0W.WP'0/ M\0:3/ H!\``!N:```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T M 8=S!T/[9JEQ*V!UVY[YF#6:[5MFP+ M;5N&I#Y]SMO/STI& O+K]_N'^X]WWS^\N_N>_B_^XNGCU^'3S_>/-U_OOM^\N_G7[>/&?[__] MW][^=?_PQ^.7V]NG5[#P_?'=Q9>GIQ_)FS>/'[[ `KT[>N;]>7E_LVWF[OO%XN%Y.%7;-Q_^G3WX3:[__#G MM]OO3XN1A]NO-T](_^.7NQ^/8NW;AU\Q]^WFX8\_?_S'A_MO/V#B][NO=T__ M.AF]>/7M0U)__G[_ Q??H'F?]V]^'A_O'^T]-KF'NS))3S M?/WF^@TLO7_[\0XY,&Y_]7#[Z=W%;ZMDOMI?O'G_]N2@_[V[_>O1^_]7CU_N M_RH?[CYV=]]OX6V4DRF!W^_O_S"J]4>#$/@-A2Y.)3`]O/IX^^GFSZ]/_W7_ M5W5[]_G+$XI[9X)\N/^*F/#?5]_N3!U`UF_^^>YBC1CN/CY]>7>QV;_>'2XW MJ_7NXM7OMX]/Q9T)>_'JPY^/3_??_F]16EE3BY&--8*_8N3U:GNY-R9>"+:U MP?#7!EMM7V_7N\/5*?(70L+N*=7X*R&1@1 ?WZL+J\WAQ>+HF5E*#Y'QOE^M>* M8B6E:/[G[^94RA%54\)N?J7FK*0\5ZY8?E)WWBP5_]1@LINGF_=O'^[_>H5> M"$Y^_'%C^K158LS9IF)KT[GQH`U_,.J_&?UW%RA?-(M'T'^\WQWV;]_\`ZWQ M@]4YLLXJU$A%P[1(8S:+01Z#(@9E#*H8U#%H8M#&H(M!'X,A!F,,IAC,'G@# MMY]]CWKZMWQO](WOQ6M'`:XPUI&C14."9#'(8U#$H(Q!%8,Z!DT,VAAT,>AC M,,1@C,$4@]D#@:/1K,G1F\MSG39B]/Q>G5ZO#Z$CCXO.[OKL_)1(1B0G4A`I MB51$:B(-D99(1Z0G,A`9B4Q$9I\$GD8O2)Y>[UZ?^U_N4$R(=Q=[#!1>CQ)[ M?U':X(^G=!4647I6.E=V(CF1@DA)I")2$VF(M$0Z(CV1@ M+Q#IQ@T^>5U\=5S(^C0K._7)*9&,2$ZD(%(2J8C41!HB+9&.2$]D(#(2F8C, M/@G\B:%7\Z?!H3\78F>=9HQ+B61$ B(#D9'(1&3V M2>!/3#E\?]KYQVLS8WOZ R,J-BNE"UOAS[BS6F\NP ML\C.2M(` B(#D9'(1&3V2>!ZL]KUIG[B8H-#%UNR M+*!.5=D2E*KGXFB2EYV5SBXF4BQDYWJ=\JSCF]Z$I5>=E =5XPW9V5Q'1/9"#3XUG'-QU- M'J:SDIB>?1*4C5G4^@WG9WW623\L-4%>L0DZG-V=, >F!C-`0K+QZRWE([-;"A$K ZZZ;J.Y ;`5SH6TTOQQ$R^5N%%M+]P0W'3:1)R>G M(M'-@:&P')$"M1P-CY:-"PJZIP5YLZ-L12BW*.B>K"V7LU("^MV3M>50S;8: M1BW;ZACU$M!-A09!+EVC!/2[)\KC'`0,/+R.%NRRTW7BH8 OB9%?>: M5]R"PJE6-#JD5FNS](R;/4VTG(*42B[(-?>"46D1>J87*F[EM,1\S;8:1JT+ M^(+YSFF)^9YM#8Q&0 SR$TQ4JN%,I*H,D:Y M(+]4%EO>=DIIM8+Q8M'R4,VV&D8MV^H8]1QP8#0* 97I;CU6.2F0ZG5VKF:E3'*!?FMQR[7W4A36JV#0Q6CFFTU M%GD5H^6`':->D)L^#FQKM,C+X\1H%J2T'K,L]SQ_7I Z# BX'^8+BX)N[5?BJR152WR[7;3D MJ#FNAN-JQ >M$"YVK\\`NFG7VHA78XJ:WY,[+\*@&C!T\62WGX.WJ.NKH M9M$Y.3ALCV9IZ]6*G[9'HQ_-S1>$VB+M/S6_9T+KX%I:9M'&E7$NR/TB4PAR M`4NV55FT V>M8:V-;(6I-HN3S.@D[I"CR/?B+PO+3' M$P\];%%P'M2$QL^:KA/,6"MG5#`J&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V,Y@"%'GYF M!6_V6Z(Z+,C5E911QBAG5#`J&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V,Y@"%'GYF!;_A M%;Q%F!F<>PE&&:. T M@LJ[W^^=Q+ M&![U$@O"3U/.PX0RK#!,0$\K9U0P*AE5C&I&#:.64<>H9S0P&AE-C.8`A1Z. MEML_&P$Q0I/G%X1==^?Y!9GIF# H M9S0P&AE-C.8`A85AUJE:=5_6K_XD=6.17]TMPBK&.7T3S5LS">AZHIQ189%_ M6-1I^>:C,JV L%\Y[3$?,]H8/.CT_+-1]/CR6F)^3E`86F9 MY:)66LLR,B@MB_S26I"9(7FE% ,TP837.#EB0H9U18A(HE6J73\LU'/PE4 M3DL"UHP:-M\ZK1?,=TY+S/>,!C8_.BW??+1PFIR6F)\#%):66>MZI?73CLZN ML]TL^[BQR"]%BUP7EHF60SFCPJ*@R!9;8:>YB3=/;$"OTZP9-6R^=5J^3Z.? MVSJG)3[M&0UL?K3(/TG*:`Y06#YF!>B5SWFH7U:&06M:4##@+"AL3722U/R` M$K ;E:KF]&4%&SA]03\Y26J. MD,+#/SE):K7LSN/V:G,=G\?*Q9!K?@6C4A!B=9UHO$=0273^ALXZ_OVJ%ELN MQH91*^C%&+M?BK$76R[&@=$HZ,48)XEQV:C47#J+H5-T0378/K,8/_%PFFT1 MJH'T#ZE%,"\HL\@[*9&+ELMLP:@4Y&Q58LMML-2BY6PUC%I!SE;'MGK1 ?T:.Z 9[MC4P M&B6@/4>J>&9R*F)[#@R%16?6Z I2)W.Q;:KY@6CT@4\'9Q9QS_:5$Y! M+-=LIF'42L"@K]M%B]/.:8GY7FP% R-8FOIGS:KP^4N6OE,3D6B MFP-#84&:=;G6/]F%OHOZN%U0T#\M*.B?".42T-DJ&)46>;8J1C4';!BU$M"U MQ(Y1+P'=7&@0Y)(Z2D"_?Z(\SD'`T,-F-:QYV*ZX753'[8+,1KTW>$?EFXJ6 M/2&YW>#NI^A+0Z MP4B^()2CV$U1K4_K2>]H`Z- `KKV-`AR M21T%N3Q.C&9!BH?1&ZH>-CQ:O2TH&E2B.6P*#YF`B-'4YNO-:A5I9$Y#2BJW MR)LZ%8Q*";@ 39ZSRB%C:( MENMU1K%EO;2^CC,S.0V);0[L!.T$/^>KI7CB82E:Y(\H%J'()*J,42X!72X* M1J4$=+6V8E1SP(91RP$[1KT$]$8402ZIHP1T>9P8S4'`T,//K,%WO`87A-[' MJQ1194VM%GY )T:S(,7#SRRW M HYL!-V 9P8S8*45O3,ZAZ'$ZD5+>@G9TQMP`,JB!L%XI\W,JLE1R#7 ME]OK331ART7'_>I?6!1T;S95+\97B2U[IO6PC]8'M2BXR!J.K+7HY DCTOQZ,:,/;P9+7P9]D)P>;!9;3$FT7GE.FP09IEKS=\ M_;1!+LMD?V6$ K M$>1LM6RKLP@S,TE7SUH#VQI9:Q(MEZY9T"E=H>>?V4,P/V)&*R.+#JZ+31EE MC')&!:.24 EHYHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6,.D8]HX'1R&AB-` /O'0PQ;Y MQW@998QR1@6CDE'%J`Y0F)-G5KA[7N%:Y!V$31EEC')&!:.24 L(J/GF1.2X:KG%'!J&14,:H#%&;:+`2\SO2G MF3;Z405=4)#I!>$CF-,NQ>4J^ITEVY\57'X)%58+'95HE2Z@M1S].E4Y!0E3 M!RC,?;1ND:%DS^L3BX) .BXM[-4]-SG&>_J,BJT5--:QQ/7S&K),GRUPN?/T=PY%TLN"06C4I"? M*HJO"N/;8R42_QQ9BZ%3=*&/HGGRV4 :4?[B*D-:' [WFWCPT:54Q';M:"3[;`8GYD28D^.,K\@9%[LIE;+WZUC ME`OR +EFV. MN_UUU*HSIR`.R2WR]CP*1J4+:+KBW?HR^FFS &:F=.)13I;)4]A"Z7-@ M&_#EW8S,:LE&PAZ?% QD7Y2_%58NN%C8M:=$[QA=7@;T[" MS&Y6-!^QR&_A%OE?QXJ6RW(NR&TV%() H9S0P M&AE-C.8`A>7PS(SVP#-:0:YS2QEEC')&!:.24 >:5OD[]TPRACEC(H`A0EZ9O:+33GJ[Q;D;\%8+0]EC')&18#" M!)DYIS*)/2QS47\2:Y'_794@-T//+`I7VOOHI$WNM*1[*`(4I/$JFF_*RN_$ MPV'8(K,C[4VTHQ]C4JOE39HS0 7.VC.7HAAGC9=^5/*O?8 M;EF>\3OA*!?+G!*Y$.^D5BM(LIUYNF5H;K6\)6T1!`S=ZL_?O/3P-.UJ06:B MY'DU6F*F5LN?[PA:%H\X4GFYCOR5.Q7):R&(Y^57_H0,O>3R1.*S3Q2=U"/7 M+O,T9$6B2ZU6D&X[FW.SQ%RT'"H$\ *[E6 DO MMLPW1:Y,N,(N6C@\8Q9^VLY`86WC,#,\$E80?Y[P"]X^3Q_$M<>K!045>4%! M5A:$+W4D8&X#HB,55%B$(\&43G\ \?-)2R=NK'( MU'&#-"W' 5XT*"0`DV"]79B%J` ?02.=4J#48^Y%238`!$3C4)!CWD5)-@K$-.- +1Z@%^'$$:3 MI/LM)&J/M-\AIYH/\'M'8K;X.6WXC0,^T"3X90-ITR3X@0,^T"3XG2,QV_\ ;T"H?!\:+$'&)A"8X4)>8L"TMPD`C]J"8Y[B_A-ZWNX(=- M2-0:O[N&-:T/P3&NQ)SRX13@_%9B#ONP!,>X$G/FAR4XS968HS\LP0FNQ)P` M8@E.;27F(!!+CI` @V!H.OR7F(!1+ >A6%)"8HY% ML01G1N$#K?;BZ"ARJDEP-A0YU20#).8H(L 9K+9;@J[G$?+3%D@$2\^T62_#!7&*^UV()/HK#Q%N3X(O%Y*A*\)5BDJD2 M?(F8F`_=.!Y\D)B8[]U8@N\2$_.-&TOP^6%B/G5C";[7A=^TG@^?[ 4CR;!)0[P@2;!70XH'TV"*QU0/IH$US;`;YKD",E1E>#J#/A-"X/K M,>`W38);,N`W38++,N`W38+;,.`W38+;=N`#K:?`I3OP@2;!W3N)N?J%ZP'N MVX%W-`FNV8%W-$FZQ8BQ[(%$ZSG "5&L2W(Z">#0);D5*S$4Z MG&K '#_$6JB)L'5?(FY/8S#X(8^ M[#EHJVK )UA9PZ1@DFK5T@]V(Y0/)R-='I.VHIBV%Q%QFQ&G+(#%W&K$$ M]U2A3#4)KJM"[=4D)7)J+D5D:[BU#Q(MIR5R:NYYXS"X2S$QU[VQ!% MFHCR1'Y,7?P I)^;F;9;@`O7$7,#-$ER:GIA[N%DR0&*NX]8D>TBT5.,1 M`Y2/)L%+!2@?37)$/$ H.YH$+UV@[F@2/'B!&J))\*(%:H@FP>,RB$?S`=Z803R:!$_- M(!Y-@K=D$(\FP9,RJ&^:!"_+H+YI$CSUA'C4T1D2\\`0^PU/.B$>38*7G1"/ M)L$#3J@'FN2(M!W5M.&=(-0#+=5X#0CU0)/@42#4`TV"MX%0#S3)L+Y$?K1Q M&V^X(3^:!.^T(3^:Y(B 6N*2P%O@"$_F@2/ M?*&^:1*\]87ZIDGP0B-^\]!:\!$Y/:HYQ4.`R(_F`SSVA_QH$KSYA_QH$CS] MA_QH$KSPA_QH$CSTA_QH$KSWAWJM2?"@'^JU)L&;FXEYWY%]C: >B1)7A=,YE4"1[X1?FHH^8*HR8N`F-K)22U M*L%+KDB;%@;OLB(>38)G5).CFC8\G9J89S %6G3)'@E-2E4"1Y+32I5 M4L,'YGE@C@?/-*-\-`E>:T;Y:!(\QPP?:!*\RHSRT21XG!GEHTGP)#S\IK4L MO"\.'VAK6KP6COQH$KS]C;1I$KSDC7@TR1%I.ZIIPV/;*!\MU7A0&VG3)'A7 M&^6C2?"\-LI'D[3P@7DJGLNG@\2\&,^2'A+S 20Y*JD@*10)24DI2JI(*E420U) MK4H:2!I=8CHQ;?G3HJ?2-IY:K,^UQMNNT(6JE@;3LVE1C!A>M"A&+,VU*$9$ M,:N6CN;'&*V$T7&I_9;IMK0DI>B;M"2E6#]J24J1I%RU5)B^3(NBQ("B15%B M::]%42**>K'TYKS4>GS_]L?-Y]O^YN'SW??'5U]O/^' /A@%'/?X='__)/]``WGSU_W#'Z>S&>__ M7P````#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!!])I"0`\``)1#```9````>&PO=V]R M:W-H965T '21[/;M/_X\ODS^V)\O MA]/KW32XF4\G^]?=Z>'P^G0W_ 1RW;X^;%].K_N[Z5_[R_0?]W__ MV^V/T_G;Y7F_OTY@X?5R-WV^7M^2V>RR>]X?MY>;T]O^%9+'T_FXO>*?YZ?9 MY>V\WSX,A8XOLW`^7\Z.V\/K5%I(SI^Q R=MQ]QMQQ>_[V_>VWW>GX!A-?#R^'ZU^#T>GDN$N:I]?3>?OU!7[_ M& _L','P^[\^ER>KS>P-Q,-I3[O)EM9K!T?_MP@` %UCVBCGT0/?#V=O@G5YD$@%)ZQ MTN70`_\Z3Q[VC]OO+]=_GW[4^\/3\Q7=/=2W.[V@)OQW CK^3RH%HO;12*B,X-=CY(." MD2J(7U5P = ]W>WYY//R98 M3U#WY6TK5J +]?QV]@?FU4[I MI%PGL#4RTA`30IC-75"XH'1!Y8+:!8T+6A=T+N@-,$.$QC`A,K\4)J$OPD0. MI@1TW$(G)J1!17(7%"XH75"YH'9!XX+6!9T+>@-8, 1(L18&8V1 M$JZ 6%?->-",$?ANNL3J M8$P9-Q!2* $C$KC$&&D8*1DI&*D9J1AI&6D8Z0WB14;/#I\L1%X MB`UYE"H2ZQ'!2,Y(P4C)2,5(S4C#2,M(QTAO$LMK//9\7@ML>RU)N-1>,Y(S M4C!2,E(Q4C/2F,1J/YZ_OO8+;+=?$I4LB04]8R1GI&"D9*1BI&:D,8G5?I&9 M\X?;C4AWKL^'W;?T-*1I-%.%NNV7)(%>QS-)0E1I3-38GJCYJ$3#NF"D9*1B MI&:D,8GE*A*77W%5J-NN2F*Z*DFX'I[RX3QPO1SEHY>,E)(L=`"K44?D#K#J M+'+U*">KC4DLGT7J93I-_3APVSN%3/ =V6P 7OW-'*E58L>WT=;U;Q MW.FB@BSI)I0 UR:G0Z MN>8U-F3KO1KM^2)R#R.`XWR1.8D5*(F +,_"Q06L&P_L7KS68>.HW.M8X. MDRPF#RJ&S4VIM*SA8AF/5IAF&V=#4'/CC4+2N.V^2$(,]W\Z?E32HH=PBL>W M6D;(F4RAE9XT.4>%0K%.7TJ%+)>E> 2##V ?0KA+!0?9E"D>[2G*."D.FR M-&^YK)"V55-!C1I"@RW;0Y'T&!Z.'2R3(:N#)8KP8W2P,VLS9`$B!+&U!/(G MH=1:R/F/)3**0F>H%&1)GA**Q+=4R!KYGZFO5@6IOODFF+O[Y 2",'3PT"B6!Y=RI,:B8QI7`1*2_=FJ9`5!6:K5EJ&K \]"9_X/^X*$>"XNU,Y%3I67OO-?.C,RT%H4FYZC@J.2HXJCFJ.&HY:CC MJ+>0' R&`M ML 1RA3X^PBBT%GE2 Q""JVAIZ6LS;!3D9;. MQ&I"RG0P#YQTM=$:9+HEI.UT'/6$S`UR^-Y(PB#PAG'@=A@5,G>8"AF^YH2B M<>4N."H):4\JCFI"VE;#44M(V^HXZ@D-*Z\UDJ)W4NJ!.R'P'=*NG0UEI@JB M1NJY7"&U*N'E"7=W4F@-*E1R.Q5'M2XH'H(>TXW6(-,MM]-QU!/"B#;R"7W, M:(?QG;0\XFFY0N8QKD)6S&1!8P$JE):!2EZPXJCF!1N.6EZPXZ@GQ->DZ)VT M?.#.2)(YN+,F. DI4G%4$U*F@V"C M'S_#(6BC-?1(4NW1ICO2TJ@G9*])NN7V2')2>WJZ(0SNTJZ0M29)+2MF"NF( M%*H@VD6>E(1TLRN.:D*Z8,-12TC;ZCCJ"7G6)" &:ND+TFN3 RPG)A2,(XXV37!5:@PJ5A+2=BJ.:D#2] M7L;.1J'1"F2Y):0M=QSU%K)'C SZ9T @O9H1')K1&: /*KN*V:UU0+$S18A5LG.RM MT2IDN^6V.VZ[MY`5-7%)X8O:P.V\0"%S&5+(#)%"YC+$4 0G;DW\G+8YZ7*V1-6;Q:[FR4E98U M'E6J;@6*' 3FQ@WBS7CG/B5*IF+.85U>3UH?5-4YU4;1T6]22(7TXWO'J M>@O9L742_I^.:IDLF\MD+)$UX55*;>P?E19ZF89*H9!Q[U:2EGX&5`H9G563 MEK;5 'U]G-X%F1:BT*3 7RV1W M^OZ*01+@R.+^=N3JFZ-PGGR!*8P/1X*;XT1 21SC$Z8A6W*M MQ0OZN,F18*%)Q(SBUK#>)&)B ;4DJ+)WA;#D% "4IW$Z];F>09%Y)#DGN ME120B)62^X)'32(63"ZI(!'K)I?@P9.(Y9-+\+"!/SX)]AF(\G"/Y #%B?!)DO!JQ/@@08 MP\,GP3X^$;M6'C=LYQ$=GR1%W%)OW+`#33*O!!O11.R@>#W8;29B(\4EV'0F M8C_%)=A[)F(/Q278829B*\4EV&C"4Y^DC2*4\ G)>AC$^"8S-$QR=)$;?4 M&S> -`K0:M\"BI-^ MM-HGP8$_6NV3X%0?K?9) @A0Q2+TQP&UU(FY5>1E Y5X*+ MZD3 8TS$ M>WV\#%Y>3,3K?5R2AB++\(TJO$&#>OQS#@D%7K7@UO#2"&+@D^"E#UCS25*T M+?6V#2^+)IE7DD.2>R5X+301+T7RMN'MT$2\&\DE%2255X*7OA$W?ZN7:/5P M'N?D!UFP1-M\$KRFC+;Y)'A;&6WS2?#2,OK4)\%[R6B;3X+//^"/KT_QR0>L M^23XT`/6?!)\M0!_?#E2!8GX=H!'-$7 KKBCR2(5_ &ULE)W)DAQ'DJ;O(S+O`,&]B?18,T)(MC#"]]U' M>F;.*#!9A!0!4`!4L?KM^S ?/EW:]/ M']Y^^>[3[T\?(?GET^ [AX?3FP]OWW]\ M;2U 7]NZ?\T[M_?GCZ^-4:^?STV]NO*/^77]___D6L?7CW9\Q] M>/OY'__\_3_>??KP.TS\[?UO[[_^]VKT]:L/[Z[-WS]^^OSV;[^AWO_.#F_? MB>WU?\C\A_?O/G_Z\NF7K]_!W!M;4*[SY K"^;/KWY^^N7M/W_[^G\^_5$_O?_[KU_A[Z-)\N[3;\@) M_[[Z\-YT`M3][;_7OW^\__GKKS^\WI^^.YX?]MGN^/K5WYZ^?"W?F[2O7[W[ MYY>OGS[\?ZN4.5/6R,X9P5\Q@A+_R 6RF>^]G^Z!F]L?UC[4?[VZ]L?O__\ MZ8]7&)VHQY??WYJQGEV-8=>#7#?8^A3Z]CNC_I/1_^$U)A#TEB^@__KQ>+E\ M_^9?Z*3OG,Z-=;)8XRX:IJ,:LWD*BA24*:A24*>@24&;@BX%?0J&%(PIF%(P MIV`)P!LT^];VZ+M_J>V-OFE[:;6;`.^,7=+0HB%)\A04*2A34*6@3D&3@C8% M70KZ%`PI&%,PI6!.P1*`J*$QYX0-+7W98$R$85_>[>,&O%F=XV5K]#N1G$A! MI"12$:F)-$1:(AV1GLA`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`Z)^=IKB?F&4 /=H1=B9*\E"0M&):.*4 7C`YBO(;W M@0OJ@@#6:>T]JGQ" [.R;%N[37$=,-V6D:=3[C^!G4^)99[KR"6!S8S M,IHD(6JX3?R[+)DZ9Z\EYI?(5NRS9\+1'8>C#L%G8O?N4'!^D#,J'`J:OV14 M MG5)T'D+G3+EHV4.+_6&?'?;)(EB(C@_]2D:5H+!0E%\M6N[\9?_P^'!*.F8C M.CZ_EE$GZ)OY]:+E#F5.QRS-;A`5G]W(:!+TS>QFT;+9'8\/A]/Q%!]!+:*S MYA=W@6 5NS(&]K$:2TL(FQE0TUXG!J88NBI2?==MU=.K?R M['!8?T[[5^YUQ%6%0]%,9[,+4.43KFM/=CS@N#+N3+77$>,-&V\9=3ZA,;Z_ MG!X?DTU?[U7$]L"&1D:33[C:/N.WT%,2Z\U>1XPOD:5X8)C`77.;#>C#.,CL MDS%6HM7'HFCU(52XA($#2D:50X&MFE'#"5M&'2?L&0V RTQ/["MD=$DR!;]]'#.'I/E8?8J8GL1 MI,QG)E(/!L:+(:>+[/T.]V:B%PR8:"6Q:.^#_=QI!:@0Y/=YI2#?QI4@;ZMF MU`CRMEI!WE;GT-&7OF :W1QGAUCR 3QH #NT,'>9EWO M&SIT]MV\$"W?ITNQ%7K>YAC8JB6A'Q^-()]CR[8ZUNH="LHUB)8OU\BV)DGH M .6Q];\FW/A?WWZW=P6W4:JT4]&JD71TG; 1;KH( M6AT=.R 7$+X6O^>,"D:E0[CQ(PDKUJH9-8Q:MM6Q5L]H8#2RK [P_%.\^Y^]AO>*;3W;,+$+DJC_Q7F) M3P/,8I& D8#HY'1Y%`T+[F6"#>K#BGS M4A*X;YV?`W1S?14M;#:^V[QT2`X\[J(43DLNG4 S"X9NMMMNY[DZG 4**Q16*JQ26*VP1F&MPCJ%]0H;%#8J;%+8 MK+`E9K$GDE!:9J S>-[C5"E#.6@6CDE'%J&;4,&H9=8QZ1@.CD='$ M:&:T1"AN81/,*IN?@PURP\V/0\&MQ3NCG%'!J&14,:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T M,9H9+1&*6SB)>U^ /E@43286F1]2ML68+S*ZA-"205$P*AE5C&I&#:.6 M4<>H9S0P&AE-C&9&2X1B9R0!\#:A [0"0%:T.C)M8' +C%Y+S#>,6C;?>:W`?'I=H_=:8GY@-++YR6N%YI,[ M'+/7$O-+A&)O)4'SBT.'@^F#13@0E/SN#B5#)XGB N)C?VB] * VQ1&/V/=$=>O ^\ M2T:5H&_F5SLM_%GOH>PON_-#,ODV8LGGUS+J!'TSO]YIX 0A2W,;Q([/ M;60T"?IF;K/3PA^3V^'Q Y0\A1M`K1\K4M&56"O*V:;36BY6VUC#I!WE;/M@;1\K9&1I,@;VMF6XMH M M[!#YE>H;9#ATE1\0G87+7L'(SL= 1MMXPZ0=;V.3M ?B=%QZ)O.[0Z97P"#F2?9?-Z]EHR@G%'! MJ&14,:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T,9H9+1&*&]T$V,J>ZF@#[W!/) ^]EI@?&(UL?O):H?GT \#FUMP LL9%0X%S5\RJCAAS:CA MA"VCCA/VC`9..#*:)*$_;)D9+5'"N(6?B8E/'!,[%%VF3U?&NU.*CNSXJ1?1 MDN.I(Y[Y2H97(3H^&BP958*B3I>>L->B)2=MN_TE&:N-J/CL6D:=H&]FUXN6 MS>Z2/9POR2,V@ZCX[$9&DZ!O9C>+ELWNL#\?CNGE_D5TUOSB'O!,@(XW@Z5; M;(?"1\L 5LNH$^1M]8*\K4&0MS4R MF@1Y6[,@;VL1I+3P,P'ZB0-TAZ*5)]UUW9V26WCPQ.%^?TX.I7.O(]-AX5`T MT=D2!*CR" 16PW;+MEU/F$ZT\S>*5B^G+KWJN([8$-C8PF MG]#8WN/)ZMU#LN&;O8X87R)+\;AX)N@WMQ:2T-.A:.VQ6M':0ZAP"8/V+QE5 M#@6V:D8-)VP9=9RP9S1PPI'1Q`EG1DN4,&[A).C?ML$ >Q+UWIX1' M9TP7V)W0NY*((O =LMH\XA_&2V MEON2%+KW AMC8*\ MK4F0+]?,:!&TVHJ'B@G'@_.Q;:BXR-V7\7:RR%QH#X*79'VX.RUS>W?34O9I MUA9^M#(]$] EE,`7JA*M;V97BQ;VGENACH?D=*01K &I"K?GS`X!"ZB_3RNT.X3RPH=RAX"+@0+=^E2[$5.%ZT MO*U:D!\>C2"OU;*MCK5ZAX)R#:+ERS6RK4D2^AQGA_!3EE1[$;06-6[YY#2! M6CZYVW[F4P:'HC6-'TYV6KBT)*7*&16,2H?"4S?6JADUC%JVU;%6SVA@-+*M MR2'\`&.FF>/Q\D"7%;R*-,,B:'5T[!QS/!#,EN2 UJF5)RUL M3QBB=8H>3G;I@@URSJA@5#*J&-6,&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*:''(+SF[WB!N`\4'B M[%5\[[?-ATN_0''O3P+Z%WL_!_IGBZ)%P2$_M^>BY5'!J&14,:H9-8Q:1AVC MGM'`:&0T.12L`#.C19"R*#P3Z)L';]/YQ:(7'DYV":,IQX7L?A8J6*MT*'PX MF;5J1@VCEFUUK-4S&AB-;&MRR/P)-GW):>#LM?P( G0&D\9-=Y 2N+V;57F^/SL@G%L5[?1F-Z8N(N2GX-R1@6C MDE'%J&;4,&H9=8QZ1@.CD='DD%EYMX:@`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`/)T\>2VQ MU3!JV7SGM0+S:>E[KR7F!T8CFY^\5F@^/7GR6F)^B5#LK22B?NGWM@M'VH)" M+UJM>.C0R9-+""TI:,&H="BX[U%YK;`=TI,GKR7F&T8MF^^\5F@^/7GR6F)^ M8#2R^8FU9D9+A&*7/1,"7S@$=BB:U:S6"T_*NH30DLH5C$I&%:.:4 +A9%=V7X25FG)6=*>--5LGO-O8;W M@0ME_1Q:.JW@KD?E$ZXWU+-=\@JMVBN(Y8;-M(PZG]!8?MSMDKFG]PIB>6`S M(Z-)$F*K[P_&Z'.^7DO,+Y&MR&79PS,QL17$0;&P\!J-L.!L*%=8(2SP0:FP M2EA@KU98(RRPURJL$Q;8ZQ4V"`OLC0J;A.&-SM*\L\(68=9>TN;/1,EXOR$= M'PDS5V KY5VTHE,FNG4"Q]@,Y$FG[/'P>$H>1X*GG)(_*H"GB,%3CH4E MHSSAO#C/Q_,QO10'9Y)Y.),8G/EGLH1_HRSQ$OC3XSE9^>!PL@^'$X/#_TR> MZ`-1GOO3PV67/O^!3A':3SJ%">"5R3-[,()T(%J&3B&=$%W`LN#("OYVS)_G MP+V.1>XE!O>2/?B2[,%WE!:^(P;?D3TXBNS!+Y06?B$&OY`].('LH R! M#PZ$Q8M8TJTP=FQ*69T.Q]TQ^>H6O++I2,^`5QR+9C1B\,J6UG1M\WM"^I,A MO+3IB'UXB6S!2\3@) OOS` MPV;3$?MP86@K :=" "[)N":)'H/A#PJ+VPK.ZHN:>(]KC=_2'I.?"4S9'^]30^J`L M/.5*X7L#/.7T$%5LNU5M3^C4,*5O:L?TTXKPIV:-GM@5M6!6AHNUI.G/GAB1 M5LW5'4]19L=DM48O 2]O6;0V\N.\DC1\GE=A W$,,[B$&]Y`]N, H4-"AL5-FW,#[%98 939$#@\+,\>B]8X>^=VT_"0$+[B`VS-X@1B\0`Q>(`8O M$(,7B,$+Q.`%8O`",7B!&+Q`#%ZP3%XX `\1A2[!2: MSY+GWVV"=("X>#MXND7T@N42KG%ZD6N(P37$X!IB G`#,;B!&-Q`]N`&RY)'A)/-+3RSJ06C MQ)G#GVV'^NQ#PEEFXF1U-K,!=.PLRZ*#I/1(]&Y-PE=^>&#(A.'XN@N'KXC! M5\3@*V+P%3'XBAA\10R^(@9?$8.OB,%7Q.`KR^3@;+]/?W&&GS:5P$^AJ62) M,9%OX)279S,;*L?.LBPZ+ 9,$" ($8O$`,7B`&+Q"#%XC!"\3@!6+P@F4O/%@L:O)D ML7E78GP,!3]92_;.1S)F3.`9^.GE,6,CU=A_EH5?/L9K%>V8B;Q%#-XB!F\1 M@[>(P5O$X"UB\!8Q>(L8O$4,WB(&;Q&#MRPSX8A,5IC`'$1L(!#>$,C/&F>X ME/!M=Z0!YIH@W9"Y0#?:D!'#X"$&=Q"#.XC!' PLPY\8?7B"V]T5Q0W 8G`/,;@G9(E[3!@9N, Q"C9D@J#&RP++Y`*BQ^-3O?S\`R9@V>(P3.4!3RSZ7VC%G#6IB8E MAK.(P5F4!9RUZ859)+>YX+]-3;*`_T*6^,\$EH'_7AY>-A*-_6I9[%?+XN&5 M7E#`[+>I27'A5V+PJ\O"'_UC>&UZ88LD^TOX=5.3+.!78O`K90&_;GIA%LE/ MQ?#KIB99P*_$X%?*`GXE/3B1&)P8LL2))NH,G.@'H0U'8V=9%L^%3B\ (P3/$X!EB )`9O_IDLX>`HRQT^8YM Y%QB $Y8O` VCQ, MF[2Y"6'5-K>Q;=SFED575?F!Z,RL8^:LVMYWP=G2[D"WOP.E8'YT"?U)`P8= M,?@ER@#OZSZG=T3AITU'[,-/9`M^(@8_;6G-;:/3 49LT)AI G^]-MO7UZ]^_3/CTAU7->PC;_Z_/3+#Z]OCP]7\ZY#S,NI MY))=S0L`-,D.DO4'V#0-#BZOZ^FED@HC`3(,!TVV1S&,VS39`:)UAJ; 2(LN,3ZTH^QSTDZXI!:5`"?+^:TY@E\;I.R2PS2^-UG899 MAF8XF[98C\*3W'[*KC^IY4.55&^@0JH^JJ/5YJ?#]2 6:9V35=UV6:96;W=%V79I:9+=)U7:)9AG3'*_[1V@7FCL:F)H.Y MH[&IR=#-CJ:O:3+TM>,5_V@R=,&CZ8>:#'XP@PNA+= ;7?M1!E9E?\]'/5)GY51]]296AVB=3=ZU/H/@'4P>M[N:J MCZF#)D/Q#Z8.F@QU.)@Z:#(4_V#JH,E0AX.I@R9#\3-3!\VW\%]F_*?)X#K3 M/U49ZF?ZF;KTH0YFO*LRE-.,6U6&LNQ-6;3^B6;.3%MKY419,E,6389FSDQ; M:S*4,S/EU&1HYLRTM29#'3)3!TVVX)8_V@S7R[4Q_7`Q==#V97A.ZF+JH,G, M56]3!TV&AS,NI@Z:S%SI-G709.9JMZF#)C-7MTU_T63F"K?QD29;C&S19>;9 M#:SA:KN8!S:PAJLR\Z`&RJG*S`,;** 9I#=1!E:$.9@^&9WI4 M_YD]F)H._CMC#5=E>$S*[,]4F7D(!WY79>9A'/A=E9F' M3)4AO[W)3]N#(2LS]Z@R9+4W^6GID)^9EU09N@HB`UV&KF+V?&HYS7.1ID]H M_0S=P>SK5!FZ@]G7J3)T![-W4V6H0V;&@S9GH6IF#5!EJ)I9`U09JK8W]=/: M#/7;F_II,E3-K!VJ#%7;F_IIZ5"_O:F?)D/7-&N.*D/7W)O^^4PZLP:H]4,2 MLP:H,O2SS,QG6GNB^V6F#VHR=#^S=J@R=#^S3NNRBYF2\5X/GI;P!A'C/4V$ M=X08YVDB^,TLJ&IF !3LQ"K,OC4+,2J#([-S&2FV82_ M,^-T37:_X'P$;Z[A-KFAXJB 1LC6\\A76-,GM M@BD7;QWD-/ ^C96L%).:UM"S!NX)1-DV"5P9?S1MI.0U> M"XQ2:Q*\'1A]1Y/@) N@68*7 '/ZU;QAFZWA?>E7\Z)MEN"UZ5?SOFV6X.WI5_/:;9;@C>E7\_9MEC20F)=P MLP3O2[^:=W&S!%\V0!IM_.!K$TBC2?#1"?A'6UOQ(0-(M#3XN`0\ITGPC0EX M096 =,%NJD@62197 ^0Y*JD@*10)24DI2JI(*E520-)HTI:2%I5TD'2 MJY(!DD&55$?,O?;3(4D;M$?L(%5)!\EPU-:?#M8&- )B7UY+[$>NI?2X]:8,;RG93RW:'I%#;X(XV*-0T M)=*4JJ2"I%&M+0>T#MZ#QZ6^H:8WM:9W2')54D!2J)(2DE*55)#4JJ2!I%$E M+22M*ND@Z57)`,F@2CJT0:>V00])KTH&2`95,D(RJI()DDF5S)#,JN1^0-^Q MKWY*^P[2W)Y)\WB]JY( \#:J$HZ2`;[YIPD30=K@YIF1)I1E4R0++IDC_TUWMO'XV>& M9%8E"R2+*KD= :?N=&\IV4\MVAZ10V^".-BC4-"72E*JD M@J11K8U[[&'M&^J24D^0S*ID@611)3>TSDUMG3LDA2HI(2E5205)HTI:2%I5 MTD$RJ)(1DE&5W%"?FUJ?.R2%*BDA*55)!4FC2EI(6E7203*HDFF/ZSQ[;65: M(%E4R7V/'F)?"YKXM(*D424=)(,JF2"95 UVAZ10)24DI2JI(&E420M)JTHZ2`954J/4M5KJ!I)& ME;20M*JD@Z13)3TDO2H9(!E4R0V2FRJY0W)7)3DDN2HI("E420E)J4HJ2"I5 MTNZP:JHWQCM(>E4R0#*HDA&2495,D,RJ9(%D424W2&ZJY`Y)KDH*2`I54D)2 MJI(*DO]AX]YV$P2B,`J_2M,7L'K=>C$CAP$!>02;>DH/IZW=A4F]8=^+' MD)T-X91_*%42DE2J!6^"F6`U/>_4R%JE01J5%FE5.F2CTB.]2DODN&7BY+2V M#NE4-LA&I1\#S"J!"H)6$)&52H9D*CF2JQ1(J9*0I%)2=:E5)R2I5$BE4B.U MRAI9JS1(HQ*0H!*1J+)"5BH9DJGD2*Y2((5*1>2WTC1PC:Q5&J11:9%6I4,V M*CW2J]0+SK!\YV5Z7+ `R2;V]-[I->9CLD9DZL42-*M%6PMZ9B* M,95*C32^M3E7,SYN.NT!D1MB-R8D;JC-A$`]L2"[@R0W3RK(A#`]?3,A2D\F MR(0T/;69)"2I!!Z9[#P>N;VW:T_DXF='0,%ES/Z/[##;^\2DZ(EUBP08*3`3 M\E-TRX3X%-TR(3U%M^XR>]RZ7I>OY^UAUVPOA]//]>EKMV=JW &PO=V]R:W-H965T M `Q6)V]]GM M.(G1L178[NF9O]]#D25>BNVD7\:=4S?RD"P62 >N.NX?QW[OS^/?'?_[C_D=W^G9^ MW>TN(W@XGA_&KY?+>SR9G+>ON\/F?-.][XZ0/'>GP^:"/T\OD_/[:;=YZHT. M;Y-P.KV='#;[XUAZB$^?\=$]/^^WNW6W_7[8'2_2R6GWMKF@_>?7_?N9O!VV MGW%WV)R^?7__;=L=WN'BZ_YM?_F[=SH>';9Q^7+L3INO;^CW7T&TV9+O_@_F M_K#?GKIS]WRY@;N);"CO\W*RG,#3X_W3'CT0M(].N^>'\9 /)XWQ/T MW_WNQ]GX]^C\VOW(3_NG9G_ MH] M;[Z_7?[=_2AV^Y?7"X9[+DRVW1LBX;^CPU[,`71]\]?#.$2$_=/E]6$\N[V9 M+Z:S()R/1U]WYTNV%[;CT?;[^=(=_B>5`N5*.IDI)_@E)U?U(Z6/7Z6_O`GO MYL'\5@2]$@C2OK7X58;AYPQOE2%^E6$0W`31]*.`"V6'7[*;:GJNM!0+J6\I M?JFEG^SC4EGB5UG"QY5(`29''TK\@QKYJ [:HCXE$%GJ9K1BR9DC*D(PA.4,*AI0,J1A2,Z1A2&LB%@_8>GT\"-CF M02+AK5X]#%DS)&5(QI" ,`V;/*@-N\;40) #$BV\E"$9 STH41-3AF0, MR1E2,*1D2,60FB$-0UH3L2@3I;/)&4VZ'K?)4=`,O@8NHIE;_BBMR-P,P^G ]+5H,+MS1CTE-_+D)G)`1O'[\U]??^:D=358X02;SYRJI20W.EC% M@]6D=3588P "U&U\JK^IXE!'%Z E84;+ "7.KQB%V6R`UAQ*"=+ 3FY$++R7')O50 2XM;S8 MM(HZVZ#UH_()923+DA(2=%/`E5);:(K6'$H5-->&F8(,;G-N6'"HY+XJ[JOF MA@V'6LN739 2E74%\(Z_@+.WZAM F/"%80Z`.#1@""K@*)#;3W*TYE!*D]\Z,(#U9 (.N86;*^MZB14).Z>F4 DHM57K.@KFSWZ?D1@]!IB!KC7\F6$&^9OU:B4*G .D98B"NTN64GKV^?9A2D%-Z.@?+E=(* MIN:.'T7NP=Y0HZR1#MC5G)@I-2,GYH.EK`YG,S Y6W' =X9"'6ITS;A26D89N>90JB! ,:A7!OJC3V*G(Q=:"UR7Y(OI(TK%0%IZ>VPUKZT(8O8:"V*V)*O MGT6T!T*<>7XAX89"WQD@"5E%K%(SBU@.I0HRBU@%&:.1 6XXU!+$#YBA./BX=/6WG9[[TE[9X4H>G);6\2IR#MDK91A,47`-D\:3 M;:4SH4:#GY(INCY8L@(T(RV=,'*"G)C.UET8:A2S).QJS(JT=,R:(">F6_L: M:A2S5=C2/"&8_;0GN3AF&:,V9!MY_#*K!_'U@[@#,!=/%#D;STII?5#@D9;) M2Q0YQ6)*6E9-Y5Z>9-0N/7%SKZ%[P5F0EBS\@EMG9R]);A1^/%9-6E8CW5@- M:=D==B*VI&7Y,CIL#YTX*AE#]U%!B# 1 Q7W5I*4C-@1I7RU!GO0D3FC7V%+U():1_&Y)?LMQ MV)U>=JO=V]MYM.V^'Y$X4"H_W@^P_&`*`X 3-\2\1_/L")U&,5U]ND*"E_81V`F#-Q&+`N`7622S&C4NP M0F(Q?%Q202)&D4NP7F(QF%R"-1*+,>42;/B0^+J/'1U\^238*>(U4B'WAGR. M_O@DR+J(XY,D:%OB;1L27KSR2M:0B+7#6X#$%HLEQ"5(9K%825R"2AV,^J8, M"G:TVB=!/0YV?)($O"4_X2U$JWV,HAQ$JWT25(5HM4^"XA! YB ":Y?8G%-P&UP\1*+RP(NP?TUYH$O MB^$:&^SX)+BM!CL^20+>$B]ON$8%!SY& I(!'W>IR#!/U)O/W!$P1:[>LIWAC0:I\$3PUHM4^"%P>TVB?!PP):[9/@ M_11 6NV3X)D.K?9),DC$"Q-G!V]V:+5/@B 63X,4-/?5)\.Z-&>_C`&_=:)M/@D=NM,TGP5LWVN:3X,D;F >&3X#,$S(M>,AFZ@N_*WS MD?SZ.WW3.*N6G_ M @(^KQZ/GKKO0'VCN9/B?#Q[_ M#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`8I.H'.`*```B+```&0```'AL+W=O U+5^`76"Q M.+O[G$G=-I@D+I+,=,Z_WX^69%TH3,^\3*8?*8JD*)*2?/_[C]-Q]KV_7`_# M^6$>W2WGL_Z\'YX/Y]>'^7_^J'_;S&?7V^[\O#L.Y_YA_F=_G?_^^/>_W7\, MEZ_7M[Z_S2#A?'V8O]UN[_EB C M@_Y[Z#^NUO]GU[?AH[D L-'UN`+_NLR> M^Y?=M^/MW\-'VQ]>WVY8[HR&[( Z@.-G 79L3&&/VTG 7X:/&:(>KKR^[V@/13FDJ951UDYKA9#9$_ X7 MW['X>\53 3M;*% M!HP/8L\^S:&'5#X@?*#V@ G-)1A2,Z1A2,N0SD8 I1N71VA)QKTUAQH-_72^5G&I^>+M.DYB3Z=.2Y)'`[L! MBZC"!WPD"[_C(]4+K*>0*,?!HT/TRE8*@C8:$IK+-E;*0BNDN1K-91J=ELOJ M-%?`$*KB`4-D +;S3T"C %@JP`K3G4F(%T^MK&VU7J[;S6L&C9G2/(745J)@+&RQ[#,5Y",%Z+ M+2,)63NOXI!0D&.8'&A!#1_8 >&F_-1Q:=*>A0/Q2FV$L_ZQOBF17 MXGA$0O"(GJY47(EI ;.E('M_*RB5%VSC58V"UF;%A>8RRULK MR'&"G-&2U7)9G2/+-9!Z'"_*X^P.Y4!>S9G+*GE:^&-XI^NM*5ADBX2H-Q4X MVWBILX@E5X)";.ITXB=XPZ6W2\4AP:&:0PV'6@YU#N2Z)=Q,Q;R9TI#9F"6' M*@X)#M4 @BD/"@=S)P_T'[".QSN02VF`K6>'I5RXU,+9[^"3Q MDF!EN+0APH% !_PCR[BCHH2@HA9;TO$;AGCZ^*=PPZ4'"@=R]:'2:_3Y M--O)2NWH*2%'3PDYMP5)NG1[Y`K'Z]$:.P':D*NG6YJGH.8EF+Q#060.,:6" M5ECT:;71MOOZ*%DF^PHS$*YT]$%"MOVF]1EA-]04A&I`[0\N$[Q462J&3TZF MBDOUPDF6+;V2)K0 KOV]:#BT5*$AWNY!CEG#;"IP(^RM MH2P"=ENGN/"C9ZHX)#04F-S.TM;D/$M3#85;3`#Y:4HQJ-"(UZNMQU$9#JVL M4!""!I`;VG8*MS3C*3R1D!,M$K)"HU) /@%M&V-W!"L*:F!*0I%X*+167"IGU*DK\HF4XM!%"0SQD MT*+;ZGU67$=V3VV9HNU04ESV>9)#0D/\#)C:^=@LV`A[D\M\C%"R?>:=W$HU MD+Q@BBL[`RJN3)X!8YP`$^\60&A!_$B6NHGZ4S_REGV4X-8U! B4K!=E' M,LTU-@5.FL1W'C]=7'5L@G#Y.8?\6N#47U[[LC\>K[/]\.T,CZVWR$\3++\C M*;( [J\#%(J4*H@!3=RF"=D*2[F M DH_!]7!.%Z* '*!;B()7!>@6HN`9 M,:?7-:X;G@XA+43!@R&DA2A%A!PB;U?\70\*O1OQ>?`H!DM#%+R-P=(0!4]D MT"U$P2L8=`M1BG6.SS'X_.4VQ^M_`(\0GW@:YQ0\LF..$*6,J+*$(K>`SXJ@ MS_!PG--;*9^G`H6>3#D%3\30+43!2S%\-E(6TQ+@P\WWW6O_S]WE]7"^SH[] M"]J"Y?BYQD5^XRG_N,F+V-F7X89/-NE.=O:&;W%[7)8OZ?KV91AN^@\HM9B^ M[GW\/P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`.SI(NX_&0``DW8``!D```!X;"]W M;W)K &ULG)W) + M/^^?7QZ.3^\OIU>3RXO[I[OCIX>G+^\O_^>_B[^M+R]>7F^?/MU^.S[=O[_\ MY_W+Y=\__.=_O/OK^/S[R]?[^] 'AZ>7_Y]?7U>W)]_7+W]?[Q]N7J^/W^ M"9+/Q^?'VU?\Y_.7ZY?OS_>WGTY&C]^N9Y/)S?7C[ @A>?X5'\?/GQ_N M[K/CW1^/]T^OHY/G^V^WKRC_R]>'[R_B[?'N5]P]WC[__L?WO]T='[_#Q6\/ MWQY>_WER>GGQ>)?47YZ.S[>_? /#W?/QY?CY] M"\KWO+G>7,/3AW>?'G`')NP7S_>?WU]^G":'Y>KR^L.[4X#^]^'^KQ?OWQ VE,[H[? O[Z_G-] 3 M^72VO+SX[?[EM7@PMI S;4G_.L7HS.5=F3^82_X_VB-4VE5YA_6S ;LY==O15K OOAW?/QKPL,F`C^R_=;,_Q. MDRG:H>W5MN6?^SF&FSNC_M'HO[]$8T,/?@']\\-R??/N^D\,''=6)V6=::BQ M%0TS>!BW60SR&!0Q*&-0Q:".01.#-@9=#/H8##'8Q6`?@X,'KA'V #/@9##'8QV,?@ MX($@T.C[%.CYY-RFC1B3E->FY\NX38\ZR\TY^%LB&9& R$!D1V1/Y."3(-(8'OU(RZAA\/O+&\P7WK"Q"MMJ.BK-\>>L-+]9ATK; ML]*Y11/)B11$2B(5D9I(0Z0ETA'IB0Q$=D3V1`X^":*.Z42+NL&GJ$NL4DL6 MKA43R8CD1`HB)9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`8B.R)[(@>?!/'$!*O%T^`PGB.9W;AX M$LF(Y$0*(B61BDA-I"'2$NF(]$0&(CLB>R('GP3QQ+I"BZ?!83Q'8K,*LS#8 M$LF(Y$0*(B61BDA-I"'2$NF(]$0&(CLB>R('GP3Q-"FUMVB34=;@,)Z6C%G: M*9XCF6'1[PVRFW"0S NA@ (K%\W=D%]9;+"UZ\/=[^G1P1^ M>EY[&/6PSBSQZFPD89VM)F$1L[.2%#$?B1>BPNJ ZOZL)+=Z\$E0&R9%]:M#NLJ)AW$7Y`7>(F_5 MES'*+?)NM1!?&!%=-UM%:\K2: S2BUT_)]1>NBQFF)KY919Y%7U-XB MM"XQ'%AKY[3\0BRCBG%:XNL0H+!J3%KDC6(_ZREFRR#J*H+\*K-:KHUGHN50 M;I$7A\*B&09=K\JB-6KIM.0.*_95LU;#J&74L:^>M0;6VEETX^YQS^@0H+`R M3.KD5 T:'`(41-FF7%N$Q'0LB M;#,TC$%N#%E',_76["&:H&/2\K2BI5-FM>;H;6>MV2)JK+EH>0LS06/[G:XG M\]4FZGFEZ#BSBE%M$0IZZL/SJTW4[QJG(=VU93\=HY[1P&C':,_H$*"PZDR& MIU6=S?Q T2%`8>69!%.KO#'Q#"IO1*@\N9.M>5HPUI2@S"*O M#G)&!1N6HN6Z6B7(#SA=L6%?+1MVC'I&`Z,=HSVC0X#"")LT48OPF#X&$1X1 M!B"_>T0#[G8Z:MDA>1&-ZYD5>^O:G%'AG/B7BAIO*89!3XPGH$JTW,!6._>F M7\R75YOEQ/M?U/\:IR[MJ&6G':.>T HXST BY8:A0G,_BZ>HD@TK M1C6CAE'+J&/4,QH8[1CM&1T"%-:62;"]_O"SM'UF$W(7P-0B?S*Q:.6T,D%N M19:+H=,J1,NATJ*EZQ05&]:LU3!J&77LJV RIMFB%Q-3U2LK116N\WFIZ-8]FE9:OUO'5>D8#HQVC/:-#@,** M,UFV5G%C]NU/(;,1H>)D,MQ:M';91";(M?# 8 T R-'-^WKQJ&9S="\)L5JH)[FYS**YRR5R02Z6A1@Z7R5K58QJ M,717;!BU;-@QZAD-C':,]HP.`0HC;))E;?@9D^A@^+%Y=9B$1"/Y%L^[3YE? MT.SC!5!FM;P1*6=4:+[F&^H,MES^?$9KM8K=U\Z]W R7F]ROOI TW++YO9MZ T *YIU,?/UP%LA% MRPT8A:"Q_2X7R^4JRA=*47%6%:/:(ME^F\QXS]>IG. \TYG[?(W^JRR-_JLLC;L ^>D8#HQVC/:-#@,+(OY'/(YF@/F2S:S39\X;1/'Y0O;6& M=JMKMKZ9K!;1LY5,=-P>1VX1_D@#+41KW'J:SV[F6,:%FV:EZ#A/%7NJ+?K) M5I=HC=>;+O$57-1=6[Y (F MGEX/HG(*9%C5;^3_ <>VT*C:L MQ="M=!M!KKI;0 C*H]QV;ZKO!JF)/M:!@AJ)M8KG> MN#NF]QVZ7">^70GZT)'6=\C-3MS\L(A[\6QW`M6^X_L.:S;:'#@O-7@3`'F] M&3FCFHTFY*W5"FIV-/10SEJ%1=Z+9"5K58QJ05[R([Y<>V]%RU5)QZAGPX&U M=H+ &OV M:HR60QFCG%'!J&14,:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:,=HS^@0H"#"BS?2_!,/(VP1]C&E MP6X998QR1@6CDE'%J&;4,&H9=8QZ1D.`PD"]D50O.*FV"&_4N4"-6A[*6"MG M5#`J&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-`0H#)1)++VER,\R*I/S1GW9(KRPXP(X:N$E:4&9 MU3*[N^=A=C&)%LZYTQ+#@E')J&)4,VH8M8PZ1CVC(4!A3/_-+'7!6:I%04Q' MK2"F(\+&JUF]S29Q`I%;-U!PX3S;""JMUM)I5 HXJJG8*XJ9AU++GSFE9 MS]'F2N\4Q/,0H##4;Z2E"TY++3)O/7D-,$JYME8+JS*Y>F:1* $E ?73&L MK3 JJ3.RTQ+-A7R:AR MAK[[Z#V>VFF)^X9]M8PZ9^B[CQ:CO=,2]T/@*PRZ25:\$5Y2DL68Q/C)ID7^ MNRX6!1$>#;T /1H:B= K)V#3H\- KP 06>"VC3M`/+]>'EUM$CX@& M 5T^LVACGR!, ME[-YU/YSIR*#;,&.2D:5,S3M?S6?3J(E7>TTQ'7#?EI&G468WT?7F_A+L=YI MB.LA\!,VR2"3\B+-F12>L-I(B]^M14%81RV$5;1RJ^6A@@U+1A4;UHP:-FP9 M=18A;E*NGM$0&(:!"K(?+U" 3*='WP\&29LJN6AD5LN+6 XSN>]?EX__SE?GO_[=O+Q=WQCR?,R;.U>0OUS, .JK$4]QYO#IW9.8SY*#JC]/#J>H1/H?%\E'/''C"Z>+Y'`*=F20 M+G'8L:+_ ^,/#AMC5O*0*2JM[0,9.M*D'_3$S3X7M! M)TQ,"V()^F)B&A)+T"43TWA8@GZ7F#;$$G2_Q#0EEJ`7)J;YL`3K$ G+>RH9R%)QOUH$F3! M:&^:)%M.40)M4$$:A5AK$B1%\*9)L*^4F/T1CC6VEQ*S)\(2[!\E9FN$)2E* MG:JEQOX&:D&]'TA,ULW>L(^!.]4DV,Y`K#4)=C70$C4)MBT0'4V"G5_$X/1D MENIGB1AH$NSP(@::)$5T4C4Z6TC,'AG?*38B$[,OQA+L-"9F>XPEV'!,S"X9 M2[#OF)B=,99@8S$Q&V0LP6,5E$";2?#X`]XT"1Y3(#J:)$5T4C4Z>$:`&&AQ MPZ,"E$"3X%D`8J!)\$@`,=`D>#*`4FL2;/TC!IH$;R0EYNT7C@[>0DK,2S`L M.4!BWH5A2;J8H(5H[0T/7R'1IO]L,<>=:F,('@&BU)H$C_#@39.D\PW*=MK; MBMHU7@]+S)M%7.H&DD:5M)"8]XS8!B^$)>9U(Y;@O;#$O'7$D@$2\_(12_`> M)FRT^0 V4O,VUU ]6()WMM+S"M?+,$+LK#1RH;W9&&C2?"Z+.I4DS20F' +E9=2I)L$[S*A338)7F5&GF@0?GJ#4VGR*[T]0:DV2XGY2 M]7[P`0-*K=TI/EI`J34)OEU`J34)/F%`J35)"8EY(YZC4T%B7HQG";Y80-O1 M)/@B"-ZT.\6'0?"F2?!]$+QIDA82\Y4*EP"?`J%5:1)\$816I4GPN5UB/@A3 MO$%BO@MC"3Z^2\SG82S!-WB)^4J,)?@4#WF 8 ['G/S$-CBO"Z76)#BC"Z76)#B7"Z76)#B>"Z76)#B2"ZU*D^!D M+K0J38(#NM!V-`G.QTO,D6Q\/S@3+S$GL[$$1^,EYC0VEN#(N\0 -`F.]D6KTB0XX1>M2I/@H%^T*DV"4[3A M31M= &(9M2V)L&QS*AM M38*CF%';FJ2`Q)P)S-?!>?RX4VUTP2GK*)M6:IRLCK)I$IRGCK)I$ARKCK)I M$IRNCK)I$IRICK:C27"T.MJ.)JDAJ54)3E5'J])L!C.5:"'882;1MO)VV/71 M.CQ^HP`5K6U(X71\2+1KI+!)50E^P@&WKWG#+P5`HGG#KS TB M':8HC?=F@CHYNC[OT.&70K_??KGO;Y^_/#R]7'R[_XS'D?CA2;P1\#S^J.CX M'Z_'[Z=?)_SM^(K?"#W]\RM^_/4>/PHTN8+RY^/Q5?X#MW!]_CG9#_\2```` M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`'(0:_I4```"I````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I M;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^"?PAS=V?UL(@D65#P!?J`D!U-()DLF2#Z>^/%2T/1 M4-UZ?N>D7E0E%C:P'T90Q+XLD9\&[K?K[@A*FN/%I [-H]3L6L?Z1%DKN44"4 X"L-JK:N`\ M@8K]`ZCT2[0:_R/V"P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`UCI.C!T$```G$``` M$``(`61O8U!R;W!S+V%P !3WKN,JXU`J&P0YL\"'^^Z]H;G0)Q@FP/32A[#!8.U?> MA:%-UU!P>X'3"F=R;0KN\*]9A3K/10H3G6X*4"Z\ZO=O0WARH#+(WI0'@T%M M\6[K_M1HIE,?G_VQV)48 ]"D%&87-R0BC2R#= M&.%V @3 DMNP8 `?%.$%&^ M`E(%-N:M*M"!W7/)50HL>5:U %(>ZU :*Q)`TPN0L48A(P"DVU1@2TLD81D*(^G %^E@GLD/FX#C0M)TH/DSVB(`.41&04.F MU@EL2^A+YR3I_`5""^])2-4FD8&=A'SEQG`2TI)+EH`2VDL0*C(V8LLS(.\& M_3WLJW8GSES;R^#Z[:").>D%E:;`XBT=&[QMNR$AW<>4)DLWAI: 3[A MG\0_ZG=_?'EST;_NXVNW,1:%U=55O?#C_P$``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A M`(>TT-`R`0``0`(``!$`"`%D;V-0 '`A.%-]B [.NJQ-]$O(2SKE?SCTI%SO3))_@4;>V M(BS+20)6MDK;NB)/ZV4Z)PD&895H6@L5V0.2!;^\**4K9.OAP; @"F;B22 M`:GDB'0?OND!2E)HP(`-2%G&Z+ X=Z M-'9=EW73/D;,S^C+ZOZQ7S75]M"5!,(/_30"PRI6N=&@;O9\]^:;!'%;TM]: MJ62?KI`>1`"5Q/>*8[J3\CR]O5LO"9_D;);F+)U 7!E &UL4$L!`BT` M%``&``@````A`+55,"/U````3`(```L`````````````````D00``%]R96QS M+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`#EC)6##`@``+RD``!H````````````` M````MP 0(``+@%```8```````````````` M`% &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``& M``@````A`!4 &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+&^`N0W M`P``70D``!D`````````````````MB@``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*=/0&;+`@``_08``!D````` M````````````_#,``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R M:W-H965T &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&V$9PGI`@``J` &PO=V]R:W-H965T M &UL4$L!`BT` M%``&``@````A`&3K/VNC`@``9P8``!D`````````````````'%0``'AL+W=O M &PO=V]R:W-H965T >KSSP(``/,&```9`````````````````'Q; M``!X;"]W;W)K &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/5\ M??L&!0``+1(``!D`````````````````@EX``'AL+W=O &PO=&AE;64O=&AE;64Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!9 M]0*8@PX``*B/```-`````````````````(1J``!X;"]S='EL97,N>&UL4$L! M`BT`%``&``@````A`'W5Z#0H>@``>,\!`!0`````````````````,GD``'AL M+W-H87)E9%-T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&]E4>LX`P``NP@` M`!@`````````````````C/,``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A M`)X*$VU*`@````4``!D`````````````````2@\!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`"?0,S6:`P``D0H` M`!D`````````````````"1L!`'AL+W=O CL#``#."```&0````````````````#:'@$` M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(JTU'"A`@``1`8``!D````````````` M````@24!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T M 04``!85```9```` M`````````````/,J`0!X;"]W;W)K &UL4$L!`BT` M%``&``@````A`''QY2P &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'S> MF3'E'@``#9X``!D`````````````````"D4!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`)0M#BY.`@``\@0``!D` M````````````````%I(!`'AL+W=O &PO M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-/B58^+(```0:```!D````````````````` MBJD!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``^ZXB!W!0``2Q,``!@````````` M````````Q](!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT` M%``&``@````A`,9$V &0``FXD``!@`````````````````Z^(!`'AL+W=O M &UL M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%RN.^:6!```7A```!D`````````````````5?\! M`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@` M```A`+!-(+7.!```"Q$``!D`````````````````>#\"`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`,:#M?MH`@`` M4@4``!D`````````````````U4T"`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'1!*HZ3#P``'D &PO=V]R:W-H M965T &UL4$L! M`BT`%``&``@````A`% &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A M`+^`8BW=,0``;0(!`!D`````````````````X-D"`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`.SI(NX_&0``DW8` M`!D`````````````````UB(#`'AL+W=O &PO8V%L8T-H86EN+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#6.DZ,'00``" &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@` M```A`(>TT-`R`0``0`(``!$`````````````````8D(#`&1O8U!R;W!S+V-O &UL4$L%!@````!/`$\`DA4``,M$`P`````` ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Stock-Based Compensation) (Narrative) (Details) 12 Months Ended 96 Months Ended 30 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2014 Jan. 01, 2007 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Full exercise period 10 years Dividend yield 0.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate 0.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate 0.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate Granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Exercise period after employment termination 1 year X - Definition Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Exercise Period After Employment Termination + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExercisePeriodAfterEmploymentTermination Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: nflx_ExercisePeriodAxis=nflx_GrantedafterJune302004andbeforeJanuary12007Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies (Expected Timing of Payments for Commitments) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Less than one year $ 3,747,648 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths $ 2,972,325 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths Due after one year and through 3 years 4,495,103 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear 3,266,907 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear Due after 3 years and through 5 years 1,164,308 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInFourthAndFifthYear 929,645 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInFourthAndFifthYear Due after 5 years 44,053 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueAfterFifthYear 83,284 us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueAfterFifthYear Total streaming content obligations $ 9,451,112 us-gaap_PurchaseObligation $ 7,252,161 us-gaap_PurchaseObligation X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Minimum amount of purchase arrangement in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from a supplier. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueAfterFifthYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the fourth and fifth fiscal years following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInFourthAndFifthYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the second and third fiscal years following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Computation of Net Income Per Share) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Sep. 30, 2014 Jun. 30, 2014 Mar. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Sep. 30, 2013 Jun. 30, 2013 Mar. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Basic earnings per share: Net income $ 83,371 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 59,295 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 71,018 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 53,115 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 48,421 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 31,822 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 29,471 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 2,689 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 58,198 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 55,521 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Basic earnings per share (in dollars per share) $ 1.38 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.99 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 1.18 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.89 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.81 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.54 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.51 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.05 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 4.44 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 1.93 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.31 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Diluted earnings per share: Net income 83,371 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 59,295 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 71,018 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 53,115 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 48,421 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 31,822 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 29,471 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 2,689 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax 0 us-gaap_InterestOnConvertibleDebtNetOfTax 49 us-gaap_InterestOnConvertibleDebtNetOfTax 195 us-gaap_InterestOnConvertibleDebtNetOfTax Numerator for diluted earnings per share $ 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted $ 112,452 us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted $ 17,347 us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 58,198 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 55,521 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Convertible Notes shares 0 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfDebtSecurities 715 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfDebtSecurities 2,331 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfDebtSecurities Employee stock options 1,621 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements 1,848 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements 1,052 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements Weighted-average number of shares 61,699 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding 60,761 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding 58,904 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Diluted earnings per share (in dollars per share) $ 1.35 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.96 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 1.15 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.86 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.79 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.52 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.49 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.05 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 4.32 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 1.85 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.29 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of convertible debt securities using the if-converted method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1930-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfDebtSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1500-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The after-tax amount of interest recognized in the period associated with any convertible debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestOnConvertibleDebtNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent, and includes adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted, options or warrants were exercised, or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1448-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word; } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Stock Repurchase Program) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2012 Jun. 11, 2010 Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Authorized amount $ 300,000,000 us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1 Amount repurchased 259,000,000 nflx_StockRepurchaseProgramAmountRepurchasedtoDate Remaining authorized repurchase amount $ 41,000,000 us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1 X - Details Name: nflx_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Stock Repurchase Program, Amount Repurchased to Date + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_StockRepurchaseProgramAmountRepurchasedtoDate Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of stock repurchase plan authorized. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount remaining of a stock repurchase plan authorized. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet Components (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Balance Sheet Components Disclosure [Abstract] Components Of Content Library Content library consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Total content library, gross $ 8,497,403 $ 6,474,688 Accumulated amortization (3,598,375 ) (2,677,196 ) Total content library, net 4,899,028 3,797,492 Current content library, net 2,125,702 1,706,421 Non-current content library, net $ 2,773,326 $ 2,091,071 Property And Equipment And Accumulated Depreciation Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: As of December 31, Estimated Useful Lives (in Years) 2014 2013 (in thousands) Information technology assets $ 189,274 $ 139,306 3 years Furniture and fixtures 25,758 21,011 3 years Building 40,681 40,681 30 years Leasehold improvements 57,339 51,194 Over life of lease DVD operations equipment 89,144 96,361 5 years Capital work-in-progress 12,495 8,643 Property and equipment, gross 414,691 357,196 Less: Accumulated depreciation (264,816 ) (223,591 ) Property and equipment, net $ 149,875 $ 133,605 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had unpaid property and equipment included in accounts payable of $11.8 million and $6.8 million , respectively on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and consequently such amounts are excluded from purchases of property and equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. X - Details Name: nflx_BalanceSheetComponentsDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Schedule of Content Library [Table Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ScheduleOfContentLibraryTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, accounting policies and methodology, roll forwards, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, including composite depreciation, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, useful lives and method used, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13-14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 0 Months Ended 1 Months Ended Nov. 02, 2012 Apr. 30, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Nov. 02, 2012 Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Number of rights 1 nflx_ClassofWarrantorRightRightsIssuedasDividendsPerOutstandingCommonShare Common stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Right to purchase preferred stock, conversion ratio 0.001 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight Preferred stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Right to purchase preferred stock, exercise price $ 350,000 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 Percent ownership threshold of common stock to become exercisable 10.00% nflx_ClassofWarrantorRightOwnershipThresholdofCommonStocktoBecomeExercisablePercent Percent ownership threshold of common stock to become exercisable for certain institutional investors 20.00% nflx_ClassofWarrantorRightOwnershipThresholdofCommonStocktoBecomeExercisableCertainInstitutionalInvestorsPercent Common stock, shares issued 2,300,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities X - Definition Class of Warrant or Right, Ownership Threshold of Common Stock to Become Exercisable, Certain Institutional Investors, Percent + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ClassofWarrantorRightOwnershipThresholdofCommonStocktoBecomeExercisableCertainInstitutionalInvestorsPercent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Class of Warrant or Right, Ownership Threshold of Common Stock to Become Exercisable, Percent + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ClassofWarrantorRightOwnershipThresholdofCommonStocktoBecomeExercisablePercent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Class of Warrant or Right, Rights Issued as Dividends, Per Outstanding Common Share + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ClassofWarrantorRightRightsIssuedasDividendsPerOutstandingCommonShare Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: nflx_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, each warrant may be converted into two shares. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-30) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Long-Term Debt (8.50% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended 0 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Nov. 14, 2013 Nov. 30, 2009 Mar. 31, 2013 Debt Instrument [Line Items] Proceeds from issuance of debt $ 400,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt $ 500,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt $ 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Interest paid 41,085,000 us-gaap_InterestPaid 19,114,000 us-gaap_InterestPaid 19,009,000 us-gaap_InterestPaid Loss on extinguishment of debt 0 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt 25,129,000 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt 0 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt Senior Notes [Member] | 8.50% Senior Notes [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Face amount 200,000,000.0 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember 200,000,000.0 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Interest rate 8.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember 8.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Proceeds from issuance of debt 193,900,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Debt issuance costs, net 6,100,000 us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Redemption price, percent of outstanding principal 100.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember 101.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Make-whole premium 19,400,000 nflx_DebtInstrumentMakeWholePremium / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Interest paid 5,100,000 us-gaap_InterestPaid / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Loss on extinguishment of debt 25,100,000 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Write off of unamortized deferred financing costs $ 4,200,000 us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember X - Definition Debt Instrument, Make-whole Premium + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_DebtInstrumentMakeWholePremium Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34725769&loc=d3e28878-108400 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage price of original principal amount of debt at which debt can be redeemed by the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph e -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Net amount of long-term deferred finance costs capitalized at the end of the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28555-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Difference between the fair value of payments made and the carrying amount of debt which is extinguished prior to maturity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 50 -Section 40 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6850294&loc=d3e12317-112629 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 50 -Section 40 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6850294&loc=d3e12355-112629 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Write-off of amounts previously capitalized as debt issuance cost in an extinguishment of debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Short-Term Investments (Estimated Fair Value Of Short-Term Investments By Contractual Maturity) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Short-Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Abstract] Due within one year $ 113,864 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesNextRollingTwelveMonthsFairValue Due after one year and through 5 years 381,024 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesRollingYearTwoThroughFiveFairValue Total short-term investments $ 494,888 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities X - Details Name: nflx_ShortTermInvestmentsAndFairValueMeasurementAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Fair value of available-for-sale debt securities maturing in the next rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesNextRollingTwelveMonthsFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Fair value of available-for-sale debt securities maturing in the second through fifth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturitiesRollingYearTwoThroughFiveFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of debt securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360136&loc=d3e22054-111558 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (aa) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27724398&loc=d3e27161-111563 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26610-111562 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 320 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b)-(g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957658&loc=d3e62557-112803 + Details Name: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Stock Option Plans) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2012 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Total intrinsic value of options exercised $ 265.1 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue $ 274.2 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue $ 14.7 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue Cash received from option exercised $ 60.5 us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised $ 124.6 us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised $ 4.1 us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised 2011 Stock Plan [Member] | Employee Stock Option [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Shares available for future issuance 2,900,000 us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandAndElevenStockPlanMember 2002 Stock Plan [Member] | Employee Stock Option [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Shares available for future issuance 1,200,000 us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember / us-gaap_PlanNameAxis = nflx_TwoThousandAndTwoStockPlanMember X - Definition Aggregate number of common shares reserved for future issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit, which the entity may have realized and reported separately. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=nflx_TwoThousandAndElevenStockPlanMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=nflx_TwoThousandAndTwoStockPlanMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Segment Information (Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 United States [Member] Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items] Long-lived assets $ 138,704 us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = country_US $ 126,455 us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = country_US International [Member] Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items] Long-lived assets $ 11,171 us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = nflx_InternationalMember $ 7,150 us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = nflx_InternationalMember X - Definition Long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=nflx_InternationalMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items] Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries $ 29,200,000 us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries $ 29,200,000 us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries Unrecognized deferred tax liability related to undistributed foreign earnings 10,200,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries 10,200,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options 88,900,000 us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions 80,000,000 us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions 4,400,000 us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions R&D tax credit 10,700,000 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch 18,655,000 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch 13,841,000 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch 1,803,000 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch Unrecognized tax benefits 34,812,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits 34,812,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits 68,231,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits 43,337,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Reduction in provision for income taxes due to impact of effective tax rate 29,200,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate 29,200,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate Gross interest and penalties accrued 400,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued 400,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued 3,900,000 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued Tax reserves released 38,600,000 us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions State and Local Jurisdiction [Member] Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items] Tax credit carryforward amount 41,900,000 us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount / us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis = us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 41,900,000 us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount / us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis = us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember Tax credit carryforward not subject to expiration 41,100,000 nflx_TaxCreditCarryforwardNotSubjecttoExpiration / us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis = us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 41,100,000 nflx_TaxCreditCarryforwardNotSubjecttoExpiration / us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis = us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember Tax credit carryforward subject to expiration 800,000 nflx_TaxCreditCarryforwardSubjecttoExpiration / us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis = us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 800,000 nflx_TaxCreditCarryforwardSubjecttoExpiration / us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis = us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember Other Current Assets [Member] Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items] Deferred tax assets, current 13,400,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember 13,400,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember 21,500,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember Other Noncurrent Assets [Member] Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items] Deferred tax assets, noncurrent $ 106,900,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember $ 106,900,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember $ 69,100,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember X - Definition Tax Credit Carryforward, Not Subject to Expiration + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_TaxCreditCarryforwardNotSubjecttoExpiration Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Tax Credit Carryforward, Subject to Expiration + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_TaxCreditCarryforwardSubjecttoExpiration Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31917-109318 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31931-109318 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31928-109318 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31958-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of noncurrent deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31917-109318 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31931-109318 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31928-109318 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e31958-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability not recognized because of the exceptions to comprehensive recognition of deferred taxes related to undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilityNotRecognizedAmountOfUnrecognizedDeferredTaxLiabilityUndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Disclosure of the aggregate tax benefit realized from the exercise of stock options and the conversion of similar instruments during the annual period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) to previously recorded tax expense. Includes, but is not limited to, significant settlements of income tax disputes, and unusual tax positions or infrequent actions taken by the entity, including tax assessment reversal, and IRS tax settlement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28446-109314 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28511-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of the tax credit carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Carryforwards -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506874 + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries intended to be permanently reinvested outside the country of domicile. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b)(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479915&loc=d3e66715-112838 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6487024&loc=d3e29054-158556 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 995 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503627&loc=d3e59836-110443 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28200-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies (Lease Obligations) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2010 Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Rent expense $ 26.6 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet $ 27.9 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet $ 29.7 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet Land, Buildings and Improvements[Member] | Los Gatos Buildings [Member] Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Total costs of buildings and improvements 40.7 us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Extended lease term 5 years Capital leases increase in future minimum payments due 14 nflx_CapitalLeasesIncreaseDecreaseinFutureMinimumPaymentsDue / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Capital lease obligations 29.6 us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Capital leases, future minimum payments due 9.4 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Capital lease financing obligation under extended lease term 25.8 nflx_CapitalLeasesFinancingObligationUnderExtendedLeaseTerm / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Land, Buildings and Improvements[Member] | Los Gatos Buildings [Member] | Accrued Expenses [Member] Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Capital lease obligations 1.2 us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_AccruedExpensesMember / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Land, Buildings and Improvements[Member] | Los Gatos Buildings [Member] | Other non-current liabilities [Member] Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Capital lease obligations 28.4 us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsMember Land, Buildings and Improvements[Member] | Los Gatos Buildings Expanded Site [Member] Capital Leased Assets [Line Items] Capital leases, future minimum payments due $ 122.2 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember / us-gaap_RealEstateAndAccumulatedDepreciationDescriptionOfPropertyAxis = nflx_LosGatosBuildingsExpandedSiteMember Lease term 124 months X - Definition Capital lease financing obligation at end of the extended lease term. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalLeasesFinancingObligationUnderExtendedLeaseTerm Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Capital Leases, Increase (Decrease) in Future Minimum Payments Due + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CapitalLeasesIncreaseDecreaseinFutureMinimumPaymentsDue Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Lessee Leasing Arrangements, Capital Leases, Renewal Term + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_LesseeLeasingArrangementsCapitalLeasesRenewalTerm Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, including, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6812-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the lessor, together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases, including minimum and any contingent rent expense, net of related sublease income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41499-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is the world’s leading Internet television network with over 57 million members in nearly 50 countries enjoying more than two billion hours of TV shows and movies per month, including original series, documentaries and feature films. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments. Additionally, in the United States ("U.S."), members can receive DVDs. The Company has three reportable segments, Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. A majority of the Company’s revenues are generated in the United States, and substantially all of the Company’s long-lived tangible assets are held in the United States. The Company’s revenues are derived from monthly membership fees. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content library; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. New Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the impact to be material. Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income” within Stockholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments. Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. Streaming Content The Company licenses and acquires rights to stream TV shows, movies and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These rights are for a fixed fee and specify windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more up-front cash relative to expense. The Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as “Current content library, net” and the remaining portion as “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of streaming content rights and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within cash used in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company amortizes the content library in “Cost of revenues” on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate: • For content that does not premiere on the Netflix service (representing the vast majority of content), the Company amortizes on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each title’s contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges from six months to five years. • For content that premieres on the Netflix service, the Company expects more upfront viewing due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts for this original content available only on Netflix. Hence, the Company amortizes on an accelerated basis over the amortization period, which is the shorter of four years or the license period, beginning with the month of first availability. If a subsequent season is added, the amortization period is extended by a year. • If the cost per title cannot be reasonably estimated, the license fee is not capitalized and costs are expensed on a straight line basis over the license period. This typically occurs when the license agreement does not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title. The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content (whether capitalized or not) is reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries (such as Latin America). No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. DVD Content Library The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from one year to two years. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years , or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the “sale-leaseback” criteria. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed to members that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been redeemed. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company’s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were $533.1 million , $404.0 million and $351.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. Income Taxes The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as of December 31, 2014 or 2013 . The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. Foreign Currency The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" in Stockholders’ equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income (expense). Foreign currency transactions resulted in losses of $8.2 million , $8.4 million , and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company’s Convertible Notes (prior to the conversion of such notes in April 2013) and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. The computation of earnings per share is as follows: Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands, except per share data) Basic earnings per share: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 58,198 55,521 Basic earnings per share $ 4.44 $ 1.93 $ 0.31 Diluted earnings per share: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax — 49 195 Numerator for diluted earnings per share 266,799 112,452 17,347 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 58,198 55,521 Convertible Notes shares — 715 2,331 Employee stock options 1,621 1,848 1,052 Weighted-average number of shares 61,699 60,761 58,904 Diluted earnings per share $ 4.32 $ 1.85 $ 0.29 Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation: Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Employee stock options 131 198 1,207 Stock-Based Compensation The Company grants fully vested non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation. X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the organization, consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure, and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements, as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE, (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position, including the carrying amounts of such assets, (3) the nature of, and changes in, the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE, and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6003-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Reconciliation of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% $ 122,279 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate $ 59,878 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate $ 10,667 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect 13,274 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes 8,053 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes 2,914 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes R&D tax credit (10,700) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch (18,655) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch (13,841) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch (1,803) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits (38,612) nflx_EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationChangeinTaxReserves 0 nflx_EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationChangeinTaxReserves 0 nflx_EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationChangeinTaxReserves Other 4,284 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments 4,581 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments 1,550 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit $ 58,671 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit $ 13,328 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Federal statutory rate 35.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate X - Definition Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, Change in Tax Reserves + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationChangeinTaxReserves Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
begin 644 Financial_Report.xls M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O F%T:6]N7V%N9%]3=6UM87)Y7V]F M7U-I/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E M;%=O #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O &5S/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E M;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-E;&5C=&5D7U%U87)T M97)L>5]&:6YA;F-I86Q?1#PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;E]A;F1?4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:3$\+W@Z M3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D)A;&%N8V5? M4VAE971?0V]M #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S M7SPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K M:&]L9&5R #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DEN8V]M M95]487AE #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T* M("`@(#QX.E=O #I% M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-E;&5C=&5D7U%U87)T97)L M>5]&:6YA;F-I86Q?1#$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O F%T:6]N M7V%N9%]3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I-#PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;E]!;F1?4W5M;6%R>5]/9E]3:3PO M>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E)E8VQA #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K M #I7;W)K #I7 M;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S7S,\+W@Z3F%M M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L M9&5R #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K M:&]L9&5R #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O M #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R 5]O9CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T M;V-K:&]L9&5R #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX M.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O M #I.86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R 5]O9C$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@ M("`\>#I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7U-C M:&5D=6QE7V]F7TEN8V]M/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U M #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7T-O;7!O;F5N='-?;V9?4')O/"]X.DYA M;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O &5S M7TYA #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7U)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N7V]F/"]X M.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7T1E9F5R %]! #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7U-U;6UA #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K M #I7;W)K #I7 M;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I!8W1I=F53:&5E=#XP/"]X.D%C=&EV M95-H965T/@T*("`\>#I0 #I%>&-E;%=O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T* M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!);F9O 2!296=I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!+97D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\ M=&0@8VQA 2!&:6QE 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT M9"!C;&%S '0^3&%R9V4@06-C96QE '0^1&5C(#,Q+`T*"0DR,#$T/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^,C`Q M-#QS '0^1ED\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!&:6QE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!0=6)L:6,@1FQO870\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E;G-E*3H\+W-T '!E M;G-E*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$ M;G5M 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T* M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S F5D(&=A M:6YS("AL;W-S97,I(&]N(&%V86EL86)L92UF;W(M 7!E M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@ M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S F%T:6]N M(&]F('-T F%T:6]N(&]F($161"!C;VYT96YT(&QI8G)A &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S M,"PP-C,I/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V.2PW,C8I/'-P86X^/"]S "!B96YE9FET 65A 65A 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5]. M97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2P@ M;F5T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 2P@ M;F5T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT M9"!C;&%S 7!E.B!T97AT M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^ M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$ M=&5X="]J879A F5D/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@ M8VQA 2`H55-$("0I/&)R/DEN(%1H;W5S86YD '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!O9B!O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!O9B!O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!O9B!O '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S &-E M '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC M:65S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#LG/CQD:78@ F%T:6]N(&%N9"!3 M=6UM87)Y(&]F(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^3F5T9FQI>"P@26YC+B`H=&AE("8C.#(R,#M#;VUP86YY)B,X,C(Q M.RD@=V%S(&EN8V]R 2`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CPO M=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,"4[=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.W!A9&1I;F 3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O M;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE "!S M97)V:6-E+"!T:&4@0V]M 2!E>'!E8W1S(&UO 2!A M;6]R=&EZ97,@;VX@86X@86-C96QE F%T:6]N('!E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^9F]U F%T:6]N('!E '1E;F1E9"!B>2!A('EE M87(N("`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`F(S@R M,C`[3F]N+6-U 2P@;F5T(&]F(&-H86YG97,@ M:6X@ 2!C;&%S 2!T:&5S92!C87-H M(&9L;W=S(&%S(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S+B`@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@ M86UO F5S(&ET 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^;VYE/"]F;VYT/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^('EE87(@=&\@/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^='=O/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^('EE87)S M+B`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`F(S@R,C`[ 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P M)3MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T>6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB M;VQD.SY);7!A:7)M96YT(&]F($QO;F #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,'!X.V9O;G0M 2P@ M 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@86X@87-S970@9W)O=7`@;6%Y(&YO="!B92!R96-O M=F5R86)L92X@(%)E8V]V97)A8FEL:71Y(&]F(&%S 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@86X@87-S970@9W)O=7`@97AC965D F5D(&)Y('1H92!A;6]U;G0@8GD@=VAI8V@@ M=&AE(&-A &-E961S M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&%S 2!N;W0@8F4@ #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M:6YD96YT M.C,R 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5V96YU97,@87)E(')E8V]G M;FEZ960@ 2!O=F5R(&5A8V@@;6]N=&AL>2!M96UB97)S:&EP('!E M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T>6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY-87)K M971I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C,R 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^36%R:V5T:6YG(&5X 28C.#(Q-SMS(&%F9FEL:6%T M97,@86YD(&-O;G-U;65R(&5L96-T '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.R 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$T/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+"`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP M 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T M:#HY.2XY,#(T,SDP,C0S.3`R-24[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#LG/CQT #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/EEE87(@96YD960@1&5C M96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\ M+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I M;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-34L-3(Q M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^0F%S:6,@96%R;FEN9W,@ 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T M 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M5V5I9VAT960M879E 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A M9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-3@L M.3`T/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HR-'!X M.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!D M;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O M;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!D M;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O M;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!D M;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XY,#(T M,SDP,C0S.3`R-24[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#LG/CQT 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0X('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY996%R)B,Q-C`[96YD960F(S$V,#M$ M96-E;6)E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H M=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^ M/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`@("`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`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U% M5$$@:'1T '0O M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A M '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE M=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#LG/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 28C M.#(Q-SMS(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@ 2!A;F0@:&]L9"!S96-U 2!A;F0@ 2!S96QL(&-E 2!N;W0@=&\@9V5N97)A=&4@ M 2!M86IO 2!T>7!E+"!T:&4@0V]M 28C.#(Q-SMS(&%S 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E M.V)O #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V M,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3&5V96P@,B!S96-U #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3(P/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#DU/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.W!A9&1I;F 2!S96-U 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG M+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I M;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^,2PV,3,L.3(X/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`C M,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E.V)O #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ M8V]L 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!M87)K M970@9G5N9',\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L #L@ '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3(V+#(P.#PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB M;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PW-C$\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R M+6)O='1O;3HQ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^*#$L,#DR/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-3DU+#0T,#PO M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-2PR,#(\ M+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PV,30L M,3DP/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD M:78@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 2X@(%1H92!H:65R87)C M:'D@;&5V96P@87-S:6=N960@=&\@96%C:"!S96-U 2!I;B!T:&4@0V]M M 28C.#(Q-SMS(&%V86EL86)L92UF;W(M 2!A;F0@ 2!I 2X@(%1H97-E('9A;'5E 2!I;F-O 28C M.#(Q-SMS('!R;V-E9'5R97,@:6YC;'5D92!C;VYT 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3F]T92`U M/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^('1O('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T M871E;65N=',@9F]R(&9U #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE F5D(&QO 2!W M:6QL(&)E(')E 2!O9B!T:&5I F5D(&QO 2!I;7!A:7)E9"!A="`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C M8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#DT+#@X.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M '1087)T7S)B-S '0O M:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0W('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R M:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY! #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB M;VQD.SXR,#$T/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPW.3 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R M9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2P@;F5T/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A M9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M,2PW,#8L-#(Q/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3F]N+6-U #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPW-S,L,S(V/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[ M/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+"!G #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M,S4W+#$Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M+B`@1&5B="!I 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD,"XS(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 2!T:6UE(&9O;&QO=VEN M9R!-87D@,C@L(#(P,3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-O=6QD(&AA=F4@96QE8W1E M9"!T;R!C875S92!T:&4@8V]N=F5R 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[9F]R(&%T(&QE87-T M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-3`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`@5&AE(&9A:7(@;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E M(&]F(&]N92!S:&%R92!O9B!C;VUM;VX@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ 6QE M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH M96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,'!X.V9O;G0M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M86=G 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^."XU,"4\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!W97)E(&%P &EM871E;'DF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 3II;FAE F5D(&]V97(@=&AE('1E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[ 28C,38P.S$U(&%N9"!.;W9E;6)E 65A 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[3F]T97,@=V5R92!R97!A>6%B;&4@:6X@=VAO;&4@;W(@:6X@ M 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[;V8@=&AE('!R:6YC:7!A;"!P M;'5S(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ M '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^26X@=&AE(&9I 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#(P,"XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[3F]T97,@86YD('!U 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#$Y+C0@;6EL;&EO M;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.C$P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)#4N,2!M:6QL:6]N/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[;V8@86-C 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^."XU,"4\ M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE F5D(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S=',@;V8F M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2`R,#$S+"!T:&4@0V]M 2!I 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE M.SXD-3`P+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXU+C,W-24\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-2XS-S4E/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[ 65A 6%B;&4@:6X@=VAO;&4@;W(@:6X@ 3II;FAE 2!R961E96T@=&AE)B,Q-C`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`[;V8@=&AE(&YE="!P 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#(P,"XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`E/"]F;VYT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^($YO=&5S('=E 6%B;&4@ 2!A="!A(')A=&4@;V8@/"]F M;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^-2XW-3`E/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^('!E 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 2!R961E96T@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P 2!I M;B!W:&]L92!O 6UE;G0@97%U:79A M;&5N="!T;R!T:&4@ 6UE;G1S('1H #MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z,CAP>#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-2XW-3`E/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M($YO=&5S(&EN8VQU9&4L(&%M;VYG(&]T:&5R('1E 2=S(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@ M8W)E871E+"!I;F-U 2!A;&P@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A M;GDG #MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z,CEP>#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-2XW-3`E/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^($YO=&5S(&%S(&]F M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`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`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#$N-B!B M:6QL:6]N/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F(").;VXM8W5R 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^070@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3,L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9"`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H M=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD M.SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#L@ '0M M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C M8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.2PT-3$L,3$R/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R M9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^+B`@5&AE(&QE87-E 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE '!E;G-E 2P@;VX@=&AE($-O;G-O M;&ED871E9"!"86QA;F-E(%-H965T 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!E;G1E 2!T97)M:6YA=&5D+B`@5&AE M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.C$P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&UO;G1H(&QE87-E('1E 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%S M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`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`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`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`C,#`P M,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC M;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`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`Q,RP@,C`Q,BP@=&AE(&9I 2!A;F0@8V5R=&%I M;B!O9B!I=',@;V9F:6-E 3II;FAE 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C(X 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^3VX@3F]V96UB97(@,C,L(#(P,3$L('1H92!F:7)S="!O9B8C M,38P.W-I>"8C,38P.W!U 2`R+"`R,#$R.R!A M;F0@=&AR964@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9"!3=&%T97,@1&ES=')I8W0@0V]U 2`R-"P@,C`Q,B!A;F0@07!R:6P@ M,BP@,C`Q,BX@5&AE('!U 2!D:7-M:7-S960N($]N($IU M;'D@-2P@,C`Q,BP@=&AE('!U 2!W97)E(&-O M;G-O;&ED871E9"!I;G1O)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T>6QE.FET M86QI8SL^26X@ "P@26YC+B!3:&%R96AO;&1E 3II;FAE 2!B86-K('-T;V-K(&%T(&%R=&EF:6-I86QL>2!I;F9L M871E9"!P 2!A M;F0@:71S('-H87)E:&]L9&5R 2!S M96QL:6YG('!E 2!F:6QE9"!A(&1E;75R 2`T+"`R,#$S+B!/;B!* M=6YE(#(Q+"`R,#$S+"!T:&4@0V]U 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG M:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z,CAP>#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M:6YD96YT.C(X 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE M($-O;7!A;GD@:7,@:6YV;VQV960@:6X@;W1H97(@;&ET:6=A=&EO;B!M871T M97)S(&YO="!L:7-T960@86)O=F4@8G5T(&1O97,@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R('1H M92!M871T97)S('1O(&)E(&UA=&5R:6%L(&5I=&AE 2!C:&%N9V4@ M:6X@=&AE(&9U='5R92!A 7!E.B!T M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H M=#IB;VQD.SY'=6%R86YT965S)B,X,C$R.TEN9&5M;FEF:6-A=&EO;B!/8FQI M9V%T:6]N 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z M,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!H87,@96YT97)E9"!I;G1O(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L M(&%R 2!T:&ER9"!P87)T:65S+B`@26X@=&AE #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 2!M87D@:&%V92!R96-O=7)S92!A9V%I;G-T('1H:7)D('!A 2!T:&5M(&%G86EN 2!A 2!R96%S;VX@;V8@=&AE:7(@ 2X\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,"4[ #MT97AT+6EN M9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 6EN9R!F:6YA M;F-I86P@ 7!E.B!T M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M/3-$=&5X="]J879A 3QB 2!A;F0@4W1O8VLM8F%S960@0V]M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3PO M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F M;VYT+69A;6EL>3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M3VX@3F]V96UB97(@,BP@,C`Q,BP@=&AE($)O87)D(&]F($1I 3II;FAE 2!T;R!S=&]C:VAO;&1E 2!O;F4@;VYE+71H;W5S86YD=&@@;V8@82!S:&%R92!O9B`@ M4V5R:65S($$@4&%R=&EC:7!A=&EN9R!0 3II;FAE 2!A M="!A;B!E>&5R8VES92!P 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 2!P97)S;VX@;W(@9W)O=7`@86-Q=6ER97,@/"]F;VYT/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ,"4\+V9O M;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&EN('1H92!C87-E(&]F M(&-E '!I #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,'!X.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T>6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY0 '0M:6YD96YT.C,R 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^26X@,C`Q,BP@ M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9&5S:6=N871E9"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^('-H87)E 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD,"XP,#$\+V9O;G0^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE '!I F5D(&)U="!U;FES 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3`L,#`P+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#`N,#`Q/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^('1H870@87)E('5N9&5S M:6=N871E9"X@(#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG M:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC M;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T M>6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY6;W1I;F #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T>6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=&]C:R!/ '0M:6YD96YT.C,R 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^26X@2G5N M92`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@0V]M 2!A9&]P=&5D('1H92`R,#$Q(%-T;V-K(%!L M86XN("!4:&4@,C`Q,2!3=&]C:R!0;&%N('!R;W9I9&5S(&9O 3II;FAE 3II M;FAE 3II;FAE #MT97AT M+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 2`R,#`V M+B`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-"PP-#DL,#,W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG M;CIB;W1T;VT[ #MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-S$N,S,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#8T,BPW,C`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`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$L M-C@X+# #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R M;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^0F%L86YC97,@87,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q M,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG M;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9"UC;VQO #MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPT,#8L,S$W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-30U+#4W,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`Q-#PO M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB M;W1T;VT[ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR M:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-BXQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`R,#$T+B`@5&AI &5R8VES960@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$R/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^('=A 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 3II;FAE 2X\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R M,"4[ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 65A 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD-C`N-2!M:6QL:6]N/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M+"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG M+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 2`R,#`R+"!T:&4@0V]M 2!A9&]P=&5D('1H92`R M,#`R($534%`@=6YD97(@=VAI8V@@96UP;&]Y965S('!U 2!T:&4@96UP;&]Y965S('!A 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXX-24\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYS:7@\+V9O M;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE #PO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R M:70[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F('1H96ER(&=R;W-S M(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!T:')O=6=H('!A>7)O;&P@9&5D=6-T:6]N 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+6UO;G1H M('!U #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS M,G!X.V9O;G0M 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE &5R8VES960@ M=7`@=&\@/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO M;CIN;VYE.SYO;F4@>65A 2`R,#`W('=I;&P@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 65A 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z M,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD M:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ M,#`E.V)O #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ M #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT M97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P M>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E M #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`R+C@S)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,BXR-B`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#,L.3DY/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.2XU 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.2XU '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE M #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N &5R8VES92!F86-T M;W(@:6YC;'5D:6YG('1H92!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(&%N9"!E 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P M)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN M:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ M '0M:6YD96YT.C,V 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97-T:6UA=&5S(&5X 2!O9B!T 2!B92!E>'!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!A(&)E='1E 2!T:&%N(&AI 2!O9B!I=',@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B`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`P(&UI M;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F(&ET '!I 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB M;VQD.SY&;W)E:6=N(&-U #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=6YR96%L:7IE9"!G M86EN #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN M:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A;#PO M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD M.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A M9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG M;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PU,S@\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^ M/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$L-3DW/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG M+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A M8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^*#(U,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P M,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.R '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#0L-#0V/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`@/&AE860^ M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$ M=&5X="]J879A "!$ M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M!8G-T &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#LG/CQD:78@ &5S/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE &5S('=A 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L M:6=N.F-E;G1E F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I M;F 3I4:6UE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\ M=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O M=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[ M9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E M8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P M>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT M.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V M97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!D M;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\ M=&0@ #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC M96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M "!P 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L M96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ M8V]L #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#,P+#`V,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(R+#`T-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O M='1O;3HQ #MP861D M:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#,P+#`W,3PO9F]N=#X\ M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[ M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4')O=FES:6]N(&9O #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.#(L-3 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!D;W5B M;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C M8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O M=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!W;W5L9"!B92!S=6)J96-T('1O M(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@52Y3+B!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,@;F5T(&]F(&%V86EL86)L M92!F;W)E:6=N('1A>"!C F5D(&1E9F5R 2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$;&EN92UH M96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^26YC;VUE('1A>"!B96YE9FET 65E('-T;V-K(&]P M=&EO;G,@;V8@/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD.#@N.2!M:6QL:6]N/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+"`\+V9O;G0^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^(&9O 65A 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 2P@=V5R92!R96-O 2!T;R!A9&1I=&EO;F%L('!A:60M:6XM8V%P:71A;"X\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,"4[ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M &5S+"!W:71H('1H92!A;6]U;G0@8V]M 2!F961E 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2 M;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E.V)O #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A M9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY996%R M($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T M 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([ M9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$R/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1'9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M "!E>'!E;G-E(&%T(%4N4RX@9F5D97)A;"!S=&%T=71O #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3,L,C 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR M:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5L96%S92!O M9B!T87@@ 2!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X M(&)E;F5F:71S/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#,X+#8Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1'9E #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L M96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-"PU.#$\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P M,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.#(L-3 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O M;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG M;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,"4[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P M '0M:6YD96YT M.C!P>#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[ #L^/'1A M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#LG/CQT 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0W('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD M:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY! 6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N M=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\ M+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P M>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S M #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3(P+#,T,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9"UC;VQO M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`C M,#`P,#`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`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`N."!M:6QL M:6]N/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&5X #MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z,CEP>#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE "!);F-R M96%S92!0 2!E>'1E;F1S('1H M92!&961E 2!R96-O9VYI>F5D('1H92!R971R M;V%C=&EV92!B96YE9FET(&]F('1H92!&961E 2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%S(&$@9&ES8W)E=&4@:71E M;2!I;B!T:&4@9F]U #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M F5D M('1A>"!B96YE9FET 6UE;G0@;W(@ 65A M 3II;FAE 3II;FAE F5D('1A>"!B96YE9FET M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO M;CIN;VYE.SXD,S0N."!M:6QL:6]N/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^+"!O9B!W:&EC:"`\ M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 2!I;7!A8W0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R,3 F5D('1A>"!B96YE9FET 6QE/3-$;&EN M92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN M9&5N=#HP 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E.V)O #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^26YC #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@=&%K96X@9'5R:6YG('!R:6]R('!E #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(U/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A 6QE/3-$ M)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#,Y M+#`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^26YC 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#4L-3 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C,R 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A M;GD@:6YC;'5D97,@:6YT97)E 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F M(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`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`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`@ M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3I4:6UE 6QE M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 65E($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!M86EN=&%I;G,@82`T,#$H:RD@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#MC;VQO '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXV,"4\+V9O M;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!T:')O=6=H('!A>7)O M;&P@9&5D=6-T:6]N 2!L:6UI=',@ 2!M871C:&5S(&5M 65E(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G,@ M870@=&AE(&1I 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO '0M M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M+"`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`@4F5V96YU97,@86YD('1H92!R96QA=&5D('!A M>6UE;G0@8V%R9"!F965S(&%R92!A='1R:6)U=&5D('1O('1H92!O #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]S M="!O9B!R979E;G5E 2!C;VUP 2!I;F-L=61E M9"!I;B!T:&4@ 2!I;F-U #MT97AT+6EN9&5N M=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M #MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F 3I4:6UE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0W('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY! #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC M96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD M.SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X] M,T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3,X+# 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^-RPQ-3`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R M+6)O='1O;3HQ #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.3,V+#(R,#PO9F]N=#X\ M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[ M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$U.2PW.#D\+V9O;G0^ M/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T M;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3W1H97(@;W!E 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,C8V M+# 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$ M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M8V5N=&5R.W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.C,R 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1'9E #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,S`L,3`Q/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^06UO F%T:6]N(&]F(&-O;G1E;G0@;&EB 3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT M9"!C;VQS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/"]T #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 65A 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S M='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F 3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1"=V M97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,CDR/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#8Y+#DT,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]N M=')I8G5T:6]N('!R;V9I="`H;&]S #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C M8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C M8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$)W9E M "!D;W5B;&4@ M(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!D;W5B M;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L M96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R M9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V M97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A M8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P M,#`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`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1O;65S=&EC/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=')E86UI;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1O;65S=&EC/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$5D0\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^ M/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`L,# 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-S`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`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\ M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ M8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-T M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,C@W+#4T M,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPV M,#DL,C@R/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PU-S`L-C`P/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#@S M+#(Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!D;W5B M;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,S8Y M+#`P.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!D;W5B M;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#,X M.2PQ-#,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A M;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.R '0M M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M '!E M;G-E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^3W!E #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP M861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#DL.3DR/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^,3 6QE/3-$)W9E M "!D;W5B;&4@ M(S`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-C4L,SDV/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R M;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`@ M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#LG/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,"4[9F]N="US:7IE.C$P M '0M:6YD96YT M.C!P>#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[ #L^/'1A M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#LG/CQT #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I M9VAT.F)O;&0[/DIU;F4F(S$V,#LS,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`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`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`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,S`X+#8Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M M92`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE('!R97!A 2!A8V-E '!E;G-E F%T:6]N('!O;&EC>2!F;W(@ M=&AE('-T "!A 2!B87-E 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#LG M/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T>6QE.FET86QI8SMF;VYT M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.97 '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HR.7!X M.V9O;G0M 2`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`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`@("`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`F(S@R,C`[ 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M:6YD96YT.C,P 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3&]N9RUL:79E9"!A 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(&%N M9"!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S F%T:6]N(&%R92!R979I97=E9"!F;W(@:6UP86ER;65N="!W M:&5N979E 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@ M86X@87-S970@9W)O=7`@=&\@97-T:6UA=&5D('5N9&ES8V]U;G1E9"!F=71U M '!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!G96YE &-E961S(&ET 2!W:&EC:"!T:&4@8V%R 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@86X@87-S970@9W)O=7`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`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[ M9F]N="US:7IE.C$P 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`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`@("`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4VAA 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^5V5I9VAT960M879E 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-3@L,3DX/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^-S$U/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P M,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PX-#@\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P M86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5V5I9VAT960M879E 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-C`L-S8Q/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XY,#(T,SDP,C0S.3`R-24[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#LG/CQT 6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0X('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY9 M96%R)B,Q-C`[96YD960F(S$V,#M$96-E;6)E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$T/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O M;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D M97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3I4:6UE 6QE M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE F4L(&)Y(&UA:F]R('-E8W5R:71Y('1Y '0M:6YD96YT.C!P>#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[ M #L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#LG/CQT #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R M.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%S(&]F($1E M8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`R,#$T/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!;6]R=&EZ960\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^ M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'1E>'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E5N '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D=A:6YS/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D=R;W-S/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY5;G)E86QI>F5D/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY,;W-S97,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T M9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US M:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&86ER)B,Q-C`[5F%L=64\ M+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T M9#X\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[ M/BAI;B!T:&]U 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^0V%S:#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R M/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^,RPV,#`\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^06=E M;F-Y('-E8W5R:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R M+6)O='1O;3HQ 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T M9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O M=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T M9#X\=&0@ #MP861D M:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T M:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-34W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P M86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PV,30L,3DP M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`R,#$S/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[ M9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,C@W/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$X/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,30T+#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A M8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O M;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,3 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG M+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O M=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T M;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PR,#4L-C`W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PR,#4L-C`W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS M,G!X.V9O;G0M 6QE M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E.V)O 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN M:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`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`[,S$L/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[ M/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(L-C #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-"PX.3DL,#(X/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPQ,C4L-S`R/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D M:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!D;W5B M;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P M86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2!!;F0@17%U:7!M96YT($%N9"!!8V-U;75L871E M9"!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0M:6YD96YT.C,R 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^4')O 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[ M9F]N="US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE M/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E.V)O #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0W('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P M86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY! #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H M=#IB;VQD.SY% #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@ M=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M 65A #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^,R!Y96%R #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$ M;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,S`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X] M,T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E M9F8[)R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O M;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C M8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HT.'!X M.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,'!X.V9O;G0M 2!H860@=6YP M86ED('!R;W!E 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^(&%N9"`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 3II;FAE 2!O;B!T:&4@0V]N '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MT97AT+6EN M9&5N=#HS,'!X.V9O;G0M '!E8W1E9"!T M:6UI;F #MT97AT M+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z M,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M:6YD96YT.C!P>#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[ #L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0W('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P M.R '0M M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R M.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-RPR-3(L,38Q/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ M8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#LG/CQD M:78@ #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS M1'!A9&1I;F 3I4:6UE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[=&5X="UD96-O #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[ M/D9U='5R93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC M96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT M97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^ M/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P M>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^,C$Q+#$S,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T M:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-"PP-#DL,#,W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR M:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T M;VT[ #MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^-S$N,S,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^*#8T,BPW,C`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$L-C@X+# #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^0F%L86YC97,@87,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T M;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9"UC;VQO #MB;W)D97(M=&]P M.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^,RPT,#8L,S$W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^-30U+#4W,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\ M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[ M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB;W)D97(M=&]P M.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-BXQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X] M,T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z M.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY996%R)B,Q-C`[16YD960F(S$V M,#M$96-E;6)E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O M;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^ M/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`R+C 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^4W5B;W!T:6UA;"!E>&5R8VES92!F86-T;W(\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,BXS,R`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`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`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`@("`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H M=#IB;VQD.SY&;W)E:6=N(&-U #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X] M,T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z M.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=6YR96%L:7IE M9"!G86EN #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A M;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB M;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PU,S@\+V9O;G0^/"]D M:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$L-3DW/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^*#(U,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P M,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#0L-#0V/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X- M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T M9#X\=&0@ #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`X,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O M;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD M:78@ 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`L-#@P/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!D M;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS,G!X.V9O;G0M &5S(&9O 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M.7!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$ #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE M=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ,#`E.V)O #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^ M/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY9 M96%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T M.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE M.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ M #MP861D:6YG M+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT M97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$R/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q M-C`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)W9E M "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T86P@8W5R #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(L-S4Q/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I M;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB86-K9W)O=6YD M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M,3,L,S(X/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P M,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@ M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#LG/CQD:78@ #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F 3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R M:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T M9#X\=&0@ #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPY,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4B9A;7`[1"!T87@@8W)E M9&ET/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ M F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$L.#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-"PR.#0\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #LG M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D M:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M,3,L,S(X/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`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`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`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`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`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M*#$Q+#$U.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4B9A;7`[1"!C 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P M,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ M #MB;W)D97(M=&]P M.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^,3(P+#,T,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V M97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ M #MB;W)D97(M=&]P M.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^.3`L-C`S/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E M "!D;W5B;&4@ M(S`P,#`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`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@ M:'1T '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/&1I M=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D M:6YG+71O #MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 2=S(&QO;F 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M:6YD96YT.C!P>#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M M86P[ #L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C M96QL #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([ M9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D M/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([ M9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O M;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-T #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O M;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-C`W+#$X-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N M('!R;V9I="`H;&]S #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R M9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V M97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR "!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R M9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V M97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P M>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P M,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N M92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P M.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PQ-#0L-S$P/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.V)A8VMG "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M '!E M;G-E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^3W!E #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E M #MP M861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#`R+#8T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T M.V9O;G0M #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^3W1H97(@:6YC;VUE("AE>'!E;G-E*3PO9F]N M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I M=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R M9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q M/CQD:78@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 3II;FAE #MT M97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A M9&1I;F 3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#L@ '0M M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%S(&]F+UEE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@ M,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C M,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ M8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1O M;65S=&EC/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=')E M86UI;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG M+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P M,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O M;&0[/D1O;65S=&EC/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD M.SY$5D0\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-S$L-#DQ/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-T #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ M '0M86QI M9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O M;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.3$P+# '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]S="!O9B!R M979E;G5E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P M=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-# 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M,C`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`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R M9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO M=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI M;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG M+71O "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ M #MB;W)D97(M=&]P M.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-34Y M+#`W,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH M97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MT M97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E 6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$ M #MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S M($YE=R!2;VUA;CMF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O.VUA M '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#LG/CQT #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S M='EL93TS1'1E>'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-T #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$;VUE M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT M97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO M='(^/'1R/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM M86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF M86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^.#`T+#8Y M,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A M8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`C,#`P,#`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5V96YU97,\+V9O M;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,BPQ.#0L.#8X/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL M969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-34Y/"]F;VYT/CPO M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R M;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-#,Y+#(P.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\ M+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('!R;V9I="`H;&]S #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R M.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O M;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R M.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O M;3HS #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!D;W5B M;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ #MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!D M;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z,G!X.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E "!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P M,#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[ M8F]R9&5R+71O 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ #MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^-3$X M+#`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=V97)T:6-A;"UA M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ 6QE M/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L M96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N M="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^-#8X+#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^ M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D M:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ M 3II;FAE #MP861D M:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ M:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R M/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$)W9E "!S M;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1O;65S=&EC/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=')E86UI;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([ M9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIC96YT M97([9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II M;FAE 6QE/3-$)W9E #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$)W9E "!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#MB M;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`P.R '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z.'!T M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1O;65S=&EC/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ M F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$5D0\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/"]T9#X\=&0@ #MP861D:6YG+7)I M9VAT.C)P>#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P>"!S;VQI9"`C,#`P,#`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`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`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!& M:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@1&ES8VQO 2!&:6YA;F-I86P@1&%T83PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT M9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3I4:6UE M 6QE/3-$;&EN M92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A M9&1I;F 3I4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P M>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X] M,T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z M.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$96-E;6)E 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T M=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@ F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H M=#IB;VQD.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$ M)W9E "!S;VQI M9"`C,#`P,#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q M-2!S='EL93TS1'9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N M="US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S+"!E M>&-E #MP861D:6YG+71O M 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG M;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ M;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR '0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1'9E 6QE/3-$=&5X M="UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R M/3-$;F]N92\^/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA M;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PS-#`L-#`W/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.R!R;W=S 6QE/3-$=&5X="UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M M #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI M9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^ M)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG M+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P M=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR M 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z M,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S M('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I M>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O M='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT M+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`[ M/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ M8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE M/3-$;W9E #MP861D M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I M=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D M(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A M9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O M;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q M-C`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`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`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #L@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^,C@W M+#`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`[/"]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT M.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$ M9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/"]F M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S('-T>6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC M86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I;F #MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P>#L@ F4Z,3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@ 3II;FAE #MP M861D:6YG+71O 6QE/3-$ M;W9E #MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR 6QE/3-$9F]N="UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF M;VYT+7-I>F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`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`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`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`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`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`@/&AE860^ M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$ M=&5X="]J879A 2!O M9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S("A.87)R871I=F4I M("A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$("0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS+"!U;FQE 3QB 2!/9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N M="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E M;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 2!T F%T:6]N($%N9"!3=6UM87)Y($]F(%-I9VYI M9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;F '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &EM=6T@6TUE;6)E 2!U '0^-2!Y96%R 2!U '0^,B!Y96%R F%T:6]N($%N9"!3=6UM87)Y($]F M(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;F 65A 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U% M5$$@:'1T '0O M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A M 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I M8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S("A#;VUP=71A=&EO;B!O9B!.970@ M26YC;VUE(%!E &-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E;G-E+"!N970@;V8@=&%X M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT M4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R F%T M:6]N($%N9"!3=6UM87)Y($]F(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;F 2!/ 2!/ &-L=61E9"!F '1087)T7S)B M-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '!E;G-E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D($-O F5D($=A M:6YS/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!M87)K970@9G5N9',@6TUE;6)E F5D($=A:6YS/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D($-O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D($-O F5D($QO F5D($=A:6YS/"]T9#X-"B`@ M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M F5D($=A:6YS/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$ M;G5M F5D($QO 2!M87)K970@9G5N9',L($9A:7(@5F%L=64@1&ES8VQO 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 65A 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X- M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2P@4&QA M;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!;3&EN92!)=&5M 2!A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT M+"!G 65A 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!;3&EN M92!)=&5M '0^ M,R!Y96%R 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q M=6EP;65N="!;3&EN92!)=&5M '0^,S`@>65A 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!;3&EN92!)=&5M M 65A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+"!G 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X- M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL M.R!C:&%R 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2`R."P@,C`Q,CQB '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 7,\ &EM=6T@6TUE;6)E 7,\ '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '1I;F=U:7-H;65N="!O9B!D96)T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@ M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@ M8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X M="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 65A M 65A 65A 65A 3X-"CPO:'1M M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H M=&UL.R!C:&%R '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^-2!Y96%R 6UE;G1S M(&1U93PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '!E M;G-E '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '!A;F1E9"!3:71E(%M-96UB97)=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@ M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R M 6UE;G1S(%5N9&5R($QE87-E($9I;F%N8VEN9R!/8FQI9V%T:6]N 7!E.B!T M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2`P,BP@,C`Q,CQB '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '1087)T7S)B M-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2`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`@("`@ M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@ M:'1T '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &-E &5R8VES960\+W1D/@T*("`@ M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6UE;G0@07=A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '10 M87)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2`H4W5M;6%R>2!O9B!!8W1I=FET>2!296QA=&5D('1O(%-T M;V-K($]P=&EO;B!0;&%N &-E 6UE;G0@07=A &5R8VES960\+W1D M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!0 '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!0 2!3 M:&%R92UB87-E9"!087EM96YT($%W87)D+"!/ &5R8VES86)L93PO=&0^#0H@ M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES86)L92`H:6X@ M665A &5R8VES86)L93PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R M 65E(%-T;V-K(%!U 6UE;G0@07=A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^-B!M;VYT:',\ M &EM=6T@ 65E(&-A;B!P=7)C M:&%S93PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@ M8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X M="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 6UE;G0@07=A M 6EE;&0\ M+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 2`Q+"`R,#`W(%M-96UB97)=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S M/3-$=&5X=#X\ 6UE;G0@07=A '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2`H M4W5M;6%R>2!O9B!! &5R8VES95]F86-T;W(\8G(^/"]T:#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1H M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S,2P@,C`Q,CQB 2!A;F0@4W1O8VLM8F%S M960@0V]M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E8W1E9"!V;VQA=&EL:71Y+"!M:6YI;75M/"]T9#X-"B`@ M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M &EM=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@ M8VQA &EM=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA &5R8VES92!F86-T;W(L(&UI M;FEM=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA &5R8VES92!F86-T;W(L(&UA>&EM=6T\+W1D M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U% M5$$@:'1T '0O M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A M F5D(')E '10 M87)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@ M(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B M;&4@8VQA &5S*2`H1&5T86EL &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A "!P "!P M &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 69O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!B96YE9FET 65E('-T;V-K(&]P M=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA "!C F5D('1A>"!B96YE M9FET &5S(&1U92!T;R!I;7!A8W0@;V8@ M969F96-T:79E('1A>"!R871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$ M;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 69O 69O M "!C M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S "!A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT M4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!0 "!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M!8G-T 2!R871E(&]F(#,U)3PO=&0^#0H@ M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5S+"!N970@;V8@1F5D97)A;"!I;F-O M;64@=&%X(&5F9F5C=#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S F5D('1A>"!B96YE9FET '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A$969E '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@ M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &-L=61I;F "!2971U '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@ M8VQA &EM=6T@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N M('!E 2!E;7!L;WEE 3X- M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970] M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T M '0O:'1M;#L@ M8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '1087)T7S)B-S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@ M("`@("`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`@("`@("`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`@("`\+W1R/@T*("`@(#PO=&%B;&4^ M#0H@(#PO8F]D>3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R8C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '1087)T7S)B-S<R-#@R7S`Q-#1?-&5F-5\Y.3=B M7S9E8C!C-C-A8C`W,PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R M8C<W,C0X,E\P,30T7S1E9C5?.3DW8E\V96(P8S8S86(P-S,O5V]R:W-H965T M<R]F:6QE;&ES="YX;6P-"D-O;G1E;G0M5')A;G-F97(M16YC;V1I;F<Z('%U M;W1E9"UP<FEN=&%B;&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R M<V5T/2)U<RUA<V-I:2(-"@T*/'AM;"!X;6QN<SIO/3-$(G5R;CIS8VAE;6%S M+6UI8W)O<V]F="UC;VTZ;V9F:6-E.F]F9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@ M2%)E9CTS1"(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$ M(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#`R+FAT M;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS M1")3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-BYH M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#<N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968] M,T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`N M:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\ M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F M/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$T M+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@ M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E M9CTS1")3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q M."YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;"(O/@T* M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T M,C(N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX- M"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!( M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E M=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^ M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@ M2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE M970S,"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;"(O M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H M965T,S0N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB M+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S<N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3 M:&5E=#,X+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I M;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B M4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI& M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$ M(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#0W+FAT M;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T."YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS M1")3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968] M,T0B4VAE970U-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N M:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\ M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F M/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#4Y M+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@ M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E M9CTS1")3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V M,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;"(O/@T* M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970V-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T M-C<N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#8X+FAT;6PB+SX- M"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-"BTM M+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A<G1?,F(W-S(T.#)?,#$T-%\T968U7SDY-V)?-F5B,&,V *,V%B,#<S+2T-"@`` ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Long-Term Debt (5.375% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 0 Months Ended 1 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Feb. 28, 2013 Mar. 31, 2013 Nov. 14, 2013 Nov. 30, 2009 Debt Instrument [Line Items] Repayments $ 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt $ 219,362,000 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt $ 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt Senior Notes [Member] | 5.375% Senior Notes [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Face amount 500,000,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Interest rate 5.375% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Redemption price, percent of outstanding principal 101.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Repayments 224,500,000 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Senior Notes [Member] | 5.375% Senior Notes [Member] | Level 2 Securities [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Senior notes, fair value 520,000,000 us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember 506,300,000 us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Senior Notes [Member] | 8.50% Senior Notes [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Face amount $ 200,000,000.0 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember $ 200,000,000.0 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Interest rate 8.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember 8.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Redemption price, percent of outstanding principal 100.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember 101.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_EightPointFiveZeroPercentageSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember X - Definition Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34725769&loc=d3e28878-108400 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage price of original principal amount of debt at which debt can be redeemed by the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph e -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash outflow during the period from the repayment of aggregate short-term and long-term debt. Excludes payment of capital lease obligations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Income before Income Taxes Income before provision for income taxes was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) United States $ 325,081 $ 159,126 $ 27,885 Foreign 24,288 11,948 2,595 Income before income taxes $ 349,369 $ 171,074 $ 30,480 Components of Provision for Income Taxes The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Current tax provision: Federal $ 86,623 $ 58,558 $ 34,387 State 9,866 15,154 7,850 Foreign 16,144 7,003 1,162 Total current 112,633 80,715 43,399 Deferred tax provision: Federal (10,994 ) (18,930 ) (26,903 ) State (17,794 ) (2,751 ) (3,168 ) Foreign (1,275 ) (363 ) — Total deferred (30,063 ) (22,044 ) (30,071 ) Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 13,328 Reconciliation of Provision for Income Taxes A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% $ 122,279 $ 59,878 $ 10,667 State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect 13,274 8,053 2,914 R&D tax credit (18,655 ) (13,841 ) (1,803 ) Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits (38,612 ) — — Other 4,284 4,581 1,550 Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 13,328 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Deferred tax assets (liabilities): Stock-based compensation $ 100,397 $ 69,201 Accruals and reserves 13,415 13,022 Depreciation and amortization (11,708 ) (11,159 ) R&D credits 21,014 19,196 Other (2,778 ) 824 Total deferred tax assets 120,340 91,084 Valuation allowance — (481 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 120,340 $ 90,603 Summary of Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits The aggregate changes in the Company’s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands): Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ 43,337 Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods 4 Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (25 ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 24,915 Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 68,231 Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (39,015 ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 11,174 Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities (5,578 ) Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ 34,812 X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e., uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies, including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate, and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty, (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change, and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Equity [Abstract] Schedule of Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency Change in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Total (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ 1,381 $ 1,538 $ 2,919 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 1,772 (1,597 ) 175 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income — 481 481 Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income 1,772 (1,116 ) 656 Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 3,153 $ 422 $ 3,575 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (7,768 ) 337 (7,431 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)income — (590 ) (590 ) Net decrease in other comprehensive (loss) income (7,768 ) (253 ) (8,021 ) Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ (4,615 ) $ 169 $ (4,446 ) X - Details Name: us-gaap_EquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=SL7669686-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Assumptions Used to Value Stock Option Grants) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 suboptimal_exercise_factor Dec. 31, 2013 suboptimal_exercise_factor Dec. 31, 2012 suboptimal_exercise_factor Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Dividend yield 0.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate 0.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate 0.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate Expected volatility, minimum 41.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum 51.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum 55.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum Expected volatility, maximum 48.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum 54.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum 65.00% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum Risk-free interest rate, minimum 2.39% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum 1.87% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum 1.61% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum Risk-free interest rate, maximum 2.83% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum 2.71% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum 2.01% us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum Suboptimal exercise factor, minimum 2.66 nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMinimum 2.33 nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMinimum 2.26 nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMinimum Suboptimal exercise factor, maximum 5.44 nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMaximum 3.92 nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMaximum 3.65 nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMaximum Valuation data: Weighted-average fair value (per share) $ 211.22 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue $ 113.74 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue $ 41.00 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands) $ 115,239 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation $ 73,100 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation $ 73,948 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands) $ 43,999 us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense $ 28,096 us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense $ 28,537 us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense X - Definition The maximum factor at which the company expects the share price to be compared to the share option exercise price when the employee exercises. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMaximum Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The minimum factor at which the company expects the share price to be compared to the share option exercise price when the employee exercises. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsSuboptimalExerciseFactorMinimum Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: nflx_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The total recognized tax benefit related to compensation cost for equity-based payment arrangements recognized in income during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The minimum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Long-term Debt (5.750% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) (Senior Notes [Member], 5.750% Senior Notes [Member], USD $) 1 Months Ended Feb. 28, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Debt Instrument [Line Items] Face amount $ 400,000,000.0 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Interest rate 5.75% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Redemption price, percent of outstanding principal 101.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage Level 2 Securities [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Senior notes, fair value $ 416,000,000 us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_FivePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesMember / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember X - Definition Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34725769&loc=d3e28878-108400 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage price of original principal amount of debt at which debt can be redeemed by the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph e -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Segment Information (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Segment Reporting [Abstract] Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas The Company's long-lived tangible assets were located as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) United States $ 138,704 $ 126,455 International 11,171 7,150 Information On Reportable Segments And Reconciliation To Consolidated Net Income The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2014: As of/Year ended December 31, 2014 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 39,114 18,277 5,767 — Revenues $ 3,431,434 $ 1,308,061 $ 765,161 $ 5,504,656 Cost of revenues 2,201,761 1,154,117 396,882 3,752,760 Marketing 293,453 313,733 — 607,186 Contribution profit (loss) $ 936,220 $ (159,789 ) $ 368,279 $ 1,144,710 Other operating expenses 742,062 Operating income 402,648 Other income (expense) (53,279 ) Provision for income taxes 82,570 Net income $ 266,799 As of/Year ended December 31, 2014 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 3,476,226 $ 1,392,701 $ 30,101 $ 4,899,028 Amortization of content library 1,657,673 998,606 71,491 2,727,770 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2013: As of/Year ended December 31, 2013 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 33,420 10,930 6,930 — Revenues $ 2,751,375 $ 712,390 $ 910,797 $ 4,374,562 Cost of revenues 1,863,376 782,304 471,523 3,117,203 Marketing 265,232 204,418 292 469,942 Contribution profit (loss) $ 622,767 $ (274,332 ) $ 438,982 $ 787,417 Other operating expenses 559,070 Operating income 228,347 Other income (expense) (57,273 ) Provision for income taxes 58,671 Net income $ 112,403 As of/Year ended December 31, 2013 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 2,973,023 $ 804,690 $ 19,779 $ 3,797,492 Amortization of content library 1,420,076 701,905 71,325 2,193,306 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2012: As of/Year ended December 31, 2012 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 27,146 6,121 8,224 — Revenues $ 2,184,868 $ 287,542 $ 1,136,872 $ 3,609,282 Cost of revenues 1,570,600 483,295 598,163 2,652,058 Marketing 245,259 193,390 559 439,208 Contribution profit (loss) $ 369,009 $ (389,143 ) $ 538,150 $ 518,016 Other operating expenses 468,024 Operating income 49,992 Other income (expense) (19,512 ) Provision for income taxes 13,328 Net income $ 17,152 As of/Year ended December 31, 2012 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 2,317,070 $ 527,235 $ 29,865 $ 2,874,170 Amortization of content library 1,152,446 438,772 65,396 1,656,614 (1) A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately. X - Definition Tabular disclosure of long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets, by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph b -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8721-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8813-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35741047&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 22 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8736-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract] Selected Quarterly Financial Data December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 (in thousands, except for per share data) 2014 Total revenues $ 1,484,728 $ 1,409,432 $ 1,340,407 $ 1,270,089 Gross profit 470,396 455,038 425,559 400,903 Net income 83,371 59,295 71,018 53,115 Earnings per share: Basic $ 1.38 $ 0.99 $ 1.18 $ 0.89 Diluted 1.35 0.96 1.15 0.86 2013 Total revenues $ 1,175,230 $ 1,105,999 $ 1,069,372 $ 1,023,961 Gross profit 354,553 307,099 308,698 287,009 Net income (loss) 48,421 31,822 29,471 2,689 Earnings (loss) per share: Basic $ 0.81 $ 0.54 $ 0.51 $ 0.05 Diluted 0.79 0.52 0.49 0.05 X - Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)-(j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35737889&loc=d3e1280-108306 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data, unless otherwise specified Total Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-In Capital [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Beginning Balance at Dec. 31, 2011 $ 642,810 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity $ 55 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 219,119 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ 706 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember $ 422,930 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Beginning Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2011 55,398,615 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Net income 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Other comprehensive income (loss) 2,213 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent 2,213 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 188,552 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised 188,552 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 4,124 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised 1 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 4,123 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Stock-based compensation expense 73,948 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue 73,948 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Excess stock option income tax benefits 4,426 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation 4,426 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2012 744,673 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 56 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 301,616 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2,919 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 440,082 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2012 55,587,167 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Net income 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Other comprehensive income (loss) 656 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent 656 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 1,688,774 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised 1,688,774 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 124,557 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised 2 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 124,555 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Stock-based compensation expense 73,100 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue 73,100 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Excess stock option income tax benefits 79,964 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation 79,964 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Note conversion (in shares) 2,331,060 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Note conversion 198,208 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities 2 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 198,206 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2013 1,333,561 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 60 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 777,441 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 3,575 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 552,485 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2013 59,607,001 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Net income 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Other comprehensive income (loss) (8,021) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent (8,021) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 808,840 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised 808,840 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 61,190 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 61,190 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Stock-based compensation expense 115,239 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue 115,239 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Excess stock option income tax benefits 88,940 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation 88,940 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2014 $ 1,857,708 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity $ 60 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 1,042,810 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ (4,446) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember $ 819,284 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2014 60,415,841 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember X - Definition This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period, that is, the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words "stock-based compensation". + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415241&loc=d3e4534-113899 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32706628&loc=d3e11149-113907 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32706628&loc=d3e11178-113907 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes, but is not limited to, excess tax benefit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 740 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6419406&loc=d3e23524-113945 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569643-111683 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569616-111683 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (c)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=18733093&loc=SL4573702-111684 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-30) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 segment country member Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Number of streaming members (more than) 57,000,000 nflx_NumberofStreamingMembers Number of Countries (nearly) 50 us-gaap_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates Number of Hours (more than) 2000000000 hours Number of reportable segments 3 us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments Original content useful life 4 years Advertising expense $ 533.1 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense $ 404.0 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense $ 351.0 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense Foreign currency transaction loss $ 8.2 us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax $ 8.4 us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax $ 4.0 us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax Minimum [Member] Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Streaming content library useful life 6 months DVD content library useful life 1 year Maximum [Member] Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Streaming content library useful life 5 years DVD content library useful life 2 years Estimated useful life 30 years Content Library, Current [Member] Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Streaming content library useful life 1 year X - Definition DVD Content Library, Useful Life + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_DVDContentLibraryUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of Hours of Streaming Content Watched per Month + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_NumberofHoursofStreamingContentWatchedperMonth Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of Streaming Members + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_NumberofStreamingMembers Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: nflx_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Streaming Content Library, Original Content, Useful Life + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_StreamingContentLibraryOriginalContentUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Streaming Content Library, Useful Life + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_StreamingContentLibraryUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 720 -SubTopic 35 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before tax of foreign currency transaction realized and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in the income statement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450189&loc=d3e30690-110894 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450222&loc=d3e30840-110895 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450189&loc=d3e30700-110894 + Details Name: us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of countries in which the entity operates as of balance sheet date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=nflx_ContentLibraryCurrentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet Components (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Property and equipment included in accounts payable $ 11.8 us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid $ 6.8 us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid X - Definition Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4332-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4313-108586 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Activity Related to Stock Option Plans) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward] Shares Available for Grant, Beginning Balances 3,406,317 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant 4,049,037 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant 7,013,508 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Beginning Balances 3,526,898 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber 4,572,952 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber 2,957,754 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Granted (545,573) us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod (642,720) us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod (1,803,798) us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Exercised (808,840) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised (1,688,774) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised (188,552) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Canceled (48) us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod Shares Available for Grant, Expired (1,160,721) nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberofSharesAvailableForGrantDeauthorizationsInPeriod Shares Available for Grant, Ending Balances 2,860,744 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant 3,406,317 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant 4,049,037 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Ending Balances 3,263,631 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber 3,526,898 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber 4,572,952 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract] Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Beginning Balances $ 95.25 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 71.33 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 66.59 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Granted $ 402.85 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 208.94 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 73.94 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Exercised $ 75.65 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 73.75 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 21.85 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Canceled $ 35.95 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Ending Balances $ 151.53 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 95.25 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 71.33 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract] Options Outstanding, Number of Shares, Vested and exercisable 3,263,631 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber Options Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Vested and exercisable $ 151.53 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, Vested and exercisable (in Years) 6 years 1 month 21 days Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Vested and exercisable $ 654,673 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue X - Definition Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available For Grant, De-authorizations In Period + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberofSharesAvailableForGrantDeauthorizationsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of options or other stock instruments for which the right to exercise has lapsed under the terms of the plan agreements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of exercisable share options (fully vested and expected to vest) that may be converted as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the weighted-average exercise price (at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance) for exercisable stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Operations (USD $) In Thousands, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Income Statement [Abstract] Revenues $ 5,504,656 us-gaap_Revenues $ 4,374,562 us-gaap_Revenues $ 3,609,282 us-gaap_Revenues Cost of revenues 3,752,760 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue 3,117,203 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue 2,652,058 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Marketing 607,186 us-gaap_MarketingExpense 469,942 us-gaap_MarketingExpense 439,208 us-gaap_MarketingExpense Technology and development 472,321 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense 378,769 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense 329,008 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense General and administrative 269,741 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense 180,301 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense 139,016 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Operating income 402,648 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss 228,347 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss 49,992 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Other income (expense): Interest expense (50,219) us-gaap_InterestExpense (29,142) us-gaap_InterestExpense (19,986) us-gaap_InterestExpense Interest and other income (expense) (3,060) us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense (3,002) us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense 474 us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense Loss on extinguishment of debt 0 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt (25,129) us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt 0 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt Income before income taxes 349,369 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments 171,074 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments 30,480 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Provision for income taxes 82,570 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 58,671 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 13,328 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Net income $ 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Earnings per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ 4.44 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 1.93 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.31 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Diluted (in dollars per share) $ 4.32 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 1.85 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.29 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic (in shares) 60,078 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 58,198 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 55,521 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Diluted (in shares) 61,699 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding 60,761 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding 58,904 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding X - Definition The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Difference between the fair value of payments made and the carrying amount of debt which is extinguished prior to maturity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 50 -Section 40 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6850294&loc=d3e12317-112629 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 50 -Section 40 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6850294&loc=d3e12355-112629 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_MarketingExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Revenues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1448-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies (Streaming Content) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Contractual Obligation [Line Items] Total streaming content obligations $ 9,451,112,000 us-gaap_PurchaseObligation $ 7,252,161,000 us-gaap_PurchaseObligation Unrecorded streaming obligations 5,800,000,000 us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount 4,200,000,000 us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount Current Content Liabilities [Member] Contractual Obligation [Line Items] Recorded streaming obligations 2,100,000,000 us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_CurrentContentLiabilitiesMember 1,800,000,000 us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_CurrentContentLiabilitiesMember Non-current Content Liabilities [Member] Contractual Obligation [Line Items] Recorded streaming obligations $ 1,600,000,000 us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_NoncurrentContentLiabilitiesMember $ 1,300,000,000 us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_NoncurrentContentLiabilitiesMember X - Details Name: nflx_ContractualObligationLineItems Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Minimum amount of purchase arrangement in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from a supplier. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of the recorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example, as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25383-109308 + Details Name: us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example, as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25336-109308 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=nflx_CurrentContentLiabilitiesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=nflx_NoncurrentContentLiabilitiesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Balance Sheets (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,113,608 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 604,965 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Short-term investments 494,888 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent 595,440 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent Current content library, net 2,125,702 nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent 1,706,421 nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent Other current assets 206,271 us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent 151,937 us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent Total current assets 3,940,469 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent 3,058,763 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Non-current content library, net 2,773,326 nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent 2,091,071 nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent Property and equipment, net 149,875 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet 133,605 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Other non-current assets 192,981 us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent 129,124 us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent Total assets 7,056,651 us-gaap_Assets 5,412,563 us-gaap_Assets Current liabilities: Current content liabilities 2,117,241 nflx_ContentLiabilitiesCurrent 1,775,983 nflx_ContentLiabilitiesCurrent Accounts payable 201,581 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent 108,435 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Accrued expenses 69,746 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent 54,018 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Deferred revenue 274,586 us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent 215,767 us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent Total current liabilities 2,663,154 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent 2,154,203 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Non-current content liabilities 1,575,832 nflx_ContentLiabilitiesNoncurrent 1,345,590 nflx_ContentLiabilitiesNoncurrent Long-term debt 900,000 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent 500,000 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Other non-current liabilities 59,957 us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent 79,209 us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent Total liabilities 5,198,943 us-gaap_Liabilities 4,079,002 us-gaap_Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2014 and 2013; 60,415,841 and 59,607,001 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 60 us-gaap_CommonStockValue 60 us-gaap_CommonStockValue Additional paid-in capital 1,042,810 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock 777,441 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (4,446) us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax 3,575 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Retained earnings 819,284 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit 552,485 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Total stockholders’ equity 1,857,708 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 1,333,561 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 7,056,651 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity $ 5,412,563 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of content liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for content received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of content liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for content received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the non-current portion of the liabilities (due in greater than one year). + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLiabilitiesNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=d3e681-108580 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=SL7669686-108580 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6801-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of investment in debt and equity securities categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and intended be sold or mature one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360136&loc=d3e22054-111558 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26626-111562 + Details Name: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14326-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP, and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including sales, license fees, and royalties, but excluding interest income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Liabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Carrying amount of long-term debt, net of unamortized discount or premium, excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer (current maturities). Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Schedule of Income before Income Taxes) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] United States $ 325,081 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic $ 159,126 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic $ 27,885 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic Foreign 24,288 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign 11,948 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign 2,595 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign Income before income taxes $ 349,369 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments $ 171,074 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments $ 30,480 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments X - Definition The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Reclassifications (Details) (Marketing Expenses Reclassified to Costs of Revenues [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Marketing Expenses Reclassified to Costs of Revenues [Member] Costs of free trials allocated to marketing reclassified to cost of revenues $ 33.9 us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment / us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsByNatureOfErrorAxis = nflx_MarketingExpensesReclassifiedtoCostsofRevenuesMember $ 26.2 us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment / us-gaap_QuantifyingMisstatementInCurrentYearFinancialStatementsByNatureOfErrorAxis = nflx_MarketingExpensesReclassifiedtoCostsofRevenuesMember X - Definition The amount of a reclassification adjustment made to prior period financial statement amounts. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Employee Benefit Plan (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Compensation and Retirement Disclosure [Abstract] Eligible employees maximum contribution percentage 60.00% us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent Contributions by employer $ 8.3 us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount $ 6.5 us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount $ 5.2 us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount X - Details Name: us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Maximum percentage of employee gross pay the employee may contribute to a defined contribution plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Use of Estimates Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization policy for the streaming content library; the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities; and the valuation of stock-based compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. New Accounting Pronouncements New Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in exchange for those goods or services. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of the ASU on its consolidated financial statements, but does not expect the impact to be material. Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions as cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income” within Stockholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments. Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. Streaming Content Streaming Content The Company licenses and acquires rights to stream TV shows, movies and original content to members for unlimited viewing. These rights are for a fixed fee and specify windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content agreements require more up-front cash relative to expense. The Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of liabilities when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. The portion available for streaming within one year is recognized as “Current content library, net” and the remaining portion as “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of streaming content rights and the changes in related liabilities, are classified within cash used in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company amortizes the content library in “Cost of revenues” on a straight line or on an accelerated basis, as appropriate: • For content that does not premiere on the Netflix service (representing the vast majority of content), the Company amortizes on a straight-line basis over the shorter of each title’s contractual window of availability or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization period typically ranges from six months to five years. • For content that premieres on the Netflix service, the Company expects more upfront viewing due to the additional merchandising and marketing efforts for this original content available only on Netflix. Hence, the Company amortizes on an accelerated basis over the amortization period, which is the shorter of four years or the license period, beginning with the month of first availability. If a subsequent season is added, the amortization period is extended by a year. • If the cost per title cannot be reasonably estimated, the license fee is not capitalized and costs are expensed on a straight line basis over the license period. This typically occurs when the license agreement does not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title or the windows of availability per title. The content library is stated at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Streaming content (whether capitalized or not) is reviewed in aggregate at the geographic region level for impairment when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content. The level of geographic aggregation is determined based on the streaming content rights which are generally specific to a geographic region inclusive of several countries (such as Latin America). No material write down from unamortized cost to a lower net realizable value was recorded in any of the periods presented. DVD Content Library DVD Content Library The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its members and earning membership rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library in “Non-current content library, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified within cash used in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs on an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from one year to two years. The Company also obtains DVD content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and other content providers. Revenue sharing obligations are expensed as incurred based on shipments. Property and Equipment Property and Equipment Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years , or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the “sale-leaseback” criteria. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. Revenue Recognition Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of membership fees billed to members that have not been recognized and gift and other prepaid memberships that have not been redeemed. Marketing Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company’s affiliates and consumer electronics partners. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Income Taxes Income Taxes The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no significant valuation allowance as of December 31, 2014 or 2013 . The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. Foreign Currency Foreign Currency The Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income" in Stockholders’ equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in interest and other income (expense). Earnings Per Share Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of the Company’s Convertible Notes (prior to the conversion of such notes in April 2013) and incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-Based Compensation The Company grants fully vested non-qualified stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation. X - Definition Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments [Policy Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CashCashEquivalentsandShorttermInvestmentsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition DVD Content Library, Policy [Policy Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_DVDContentLibraryPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Streaming Content Library, Policy [Policy Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_StreamingContentLibraryPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized, discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized, describes those assets and the accounting policy used, including a description of the qualifying activity, the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32704220&loc=d3e8275-108329 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387522&loc=d3e8384-108330 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries, bonuses, incentive awards, postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees, including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement, and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(f(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450222&loc=d3e30840-110895 + Details Name: us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section CC -Subsection 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6390181&loc=d3e202-110218 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6423966&loc=d3e40913-109327 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32247-109318 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32280-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Short-Term Investments (Available-For-Sale Securities Reported At Fair Value) (Details) (Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring [Member], USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Total, Amortized Cost $ 1,613,928 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost $ 1,204,938 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost Total, Gross Unrealized Gains 557 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashUnrealizedGains 1,761 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashUnrealizedGains Total, Gross Unrealized Losses (295) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashUnrealizedLosses (1,092) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashUnrealizedLosses Total, Estimated Fair Value 1,614,190 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure 1,205,607 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Total, Estimated Fair Value 1,113,608 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 604,965 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Short-term Investments [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Total, Estimated Fair Value 494,888 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_ShortTermInvestmentsMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 595,440 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = us-gaap_ShortTermInvestmentsMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Non-current Assets [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Total, Estimated Fair Value 5,694 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_NonCurrentAssetsMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember [1] 5,202 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis = nflx_NonCurrentAssetsMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember [1] Level 1 Securities [Member] | Money market funds [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Cash and Money market funds, Amortized Cost 111,759 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember 126,208 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember Cash and Money market funds, Gross Unrealized Gains 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedGains / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedGains / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember Cash and Money market funds, Gross Unrealized Losses 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedLosses / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedLosses / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember Cash and Money market funds, Fair Value Disclosure 111,759 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember 126,208 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember Level 2 Securities [Member] | Corporate debt securities [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost 295,500 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 316,465 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gains 432 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 1,245 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Losses (199) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember (654) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Estimated Fair Value 295,733 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember 317,056 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember Level 2 Securities [Member] | Government securities [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost 168,749 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember 143,812 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gains 120 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember 287 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Losses (95) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember (18) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember Available-for-sale Securities, Estimated Fair Value 168,774 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember 144,081 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember Level 2 Securities [Member] | Asset and mortgage-backed securities [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost 112 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember 93,118 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gains 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember 229 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Losses 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember (418) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Estimated Fair Value 112 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember 92,929 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AssetBackedSecuritiesMember Level 2 Securities [Member] | Certificates of deposit [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost 3,600 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember 23,425 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gains 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Losses 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember Available-for-sale Securities, Estimated Fair Value 3,600 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember 23,425 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_CertificatesOfDepositMember Level 2 Securities [Member] | Agency securities [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Available-for-sale Securities, Amortized Cost 26,665 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember 17,951 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gains 5 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember 0 nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Losses (1) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember (2) nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember Available-for-sale Securities, Estimated Fair Value 26,669 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember 17,949 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities / us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis = us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember / us-gaap_MajorTypesOfDebtAndEquitySecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_AgencySecuritiesMember Cash [Member] Schedule of Available-for-sale Securities [Line Items] Cash and Money market funds, Amortized Cost 1,007,543 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 483,959 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Cash and Money market funds, Gross Unrealized Gains 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedGains / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedGains / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Cash and Money market funds, Gross Unrealized Losses 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedLosses / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 0 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedLosses / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Cash and Money market funds, Fair Value Disclosure $ 1,007,543 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember $ 483,959 nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember [1] Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. X - Definition Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Gain1 + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain1 Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Available-for-sale Securities, Gross Unrealized Loss1 + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss1 Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Amortized Cost + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Fair Value Disclosure + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Unrealized Gains + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashUnrealizedGains Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Unrealized Losses + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashUnrealizedLosses Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Amortized Cost + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashAmortizedCost Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Fair Value Disclosure + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashFairValueDisclosure Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Gross Unrealized Gains + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedGains Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Gross Unrealized Losses + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashGrossUnrealizedLosses Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of investment in debt and equity securities categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360136&loc=d3e22054-111558 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (aa) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27724398&loc=d3e27232-111563 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26610-111562 + Details Name: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities, which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading, net of adjustments including accretion, amortization, collection of cash, previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized, as defined), and fair value hedge accounting adjustments, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Short-Term Investments (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Short-Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Abstract] Available-For-Sale Securities Reported at Fair Value The following tables summarize, by major security type, the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy and where they are classified on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2014 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash $ 1,007,543 $ — $ — $ 1,007,543 Level 1 securities: Money market funds 111,759 — — 111,759 Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities 295,500 432 (199 ) 295,733 Government securities 168,749 120 (95 ) 168,774 Asset and mortgage-backed securities 112 — — 112 Certificate of deposits 3,600 — — 3,600 Agency securities 26,665 5 (1 ) 26,669 Total $ 1,613,928 $ 557 $ (295 ) $ 1,614,190 As of December 31, 2013 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash $ 483,959 $ — $ — $ 483,959 Level 1 securities: Money market funds 126,208 — — 126,208 Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities 316,465 1,245 (654 ) 317,056 Government securities 143,812 287 (18 ) 144,081 Asset and mortgage-backed securities 93,118 229 (418 ) 92,929 Certificate of deposits 23,425 — — 23,425 Agency securities 17,951 — (2 ) 17,949 Total $ 1,204,938 $ 1,761 $ (1,092 ) $ 1,205,607 As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,113,608 $ 604,965 Short-term investments 494,888 595,440 Non-current assets (1) 5,694 5,202 Total $ 1,614,190 $ 1,205,607 (1) Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. Estimated Fair Value Of Short-Term Investments By Contractual Maturity The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2014 is as follows: (in thousands) Due within one year $ 113,864 Due after one year and through 5 years 381,024 Total short-term investments $ 494,888 X - Definition Fair Value Disclosure, Available-for-sale Securities including Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash [Table Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_FairValueDisclosureAvailableForSaleSecuritiesIncludingCashCashEquivalentsAndRestrictedCashTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: nflx_ShortTermInvestmentsAndFairValueMeasurementAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of maturities of an entity's investments as well as any other information pertinent to the investments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_InvestmentsClassifiedByContractualMaturityDateTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Segment Information (Information on Reportable Segments and Reconciliation to Consolidated Net Income) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 subscription Sep. 30, 2014 Jun. 30, 2014 Mar. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 subscription Sep. 30, 2013 Jun. 30, 2013 Mar. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 subscription Dec. 31, 2013 subscription Dec. 31, 2012 subscription Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Total members at end of period 0 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod [1] 0 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod [1] 0 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod [1] 0 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod [1] 0 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod [1] Revenues $ 1,484,728 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,409,432 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,340,407 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,270,089 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,175,230 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,105,999 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,069,372 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,023,961 us-gaap_Revenues $ 5,504,656 us-gaap_Revenues $ 4,374,562 us-gaap_Revenues $ 3,609,282 us-gaap_Revenues Cost of revenues 3,752,760 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue 3,117,203 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue 2,652,058 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Marketing 607,186 us-gaap_MarketingExpense 469,942 us-gaap_MarketingExpense 439,208 us-gaap_MarketingExpense Contribution profit (loss) 1,144,710 nflx_ContributionProfit 787,417 nflx_ContributionProfit 518,016 nflx_ContributionProfit Other operating expenses 742,062 us-gaap_OtherCostAndExpenseOperating 559,070 us-gaap_OtherCostAndExpenseOperating 468,024 us-gaap_OtherCostAndExpenseOperating Operating income 402,648 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss 228,347 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss 49,992 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Other income (expense) (53,279) nflx_InterestandDebtExpenseandNonoperatingIncomeExpense (57,273) nflx_InterestandDebtExpenseandNonoperatingIncomeExpense (19,512) nflx_InterestandDebtExpenseandNonoperatingIncomeExpense Provision for income taxes 82,570 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 58,671 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 13,328 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Net income 83,371 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 59,295 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 71,018 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 53,115 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 48,421 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 31,822 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 29,471 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 2,689 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Total content library, net 4,899,028 nflx_ContentLibraryNet 3,797,492 nflx_ContentLibraryNet 4,899,028 nflx_ContentLibraryNet 3,797,492 nflx_ContentLibraryNet 2,874,170 nflx_ContentLibraryNet Amortization of content library 2,727,770 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary 2,193,306 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary 1,656,614 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary Domestic Streaming [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Total members at end of period 39,114,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember [1] 33,420,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember [1] 39,114,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember [1] 33,420,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember [1] 27,146,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember [1] Revenues 3,431,434 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 2,751,375 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 2,184,868 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember Cost of revenues 2,201,761 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 1,863,376 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 1,570,600 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember Marketing 293,453 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 265,232 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 245,259 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember Contribution profit (loss) 936,220 nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 622,767 nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 369,009 nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember Total content library, net 3,476,226 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 2,973,023 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 3,476,226 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 2,973,023 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 2,317,070 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember Amortization of content library 1,657,673 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 1,420,076 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember 1,152,446 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticStreamingMember International Streaming [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Total members at end of period 18,277,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember [1] 10,930,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember [1] 18,277,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember [1] 10,930,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember [1] 6,121,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember [1] Revenues 1,308,061 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 712,390 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 287,542 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Cost of revenues 1,154,117 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 782,304 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 483,295 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Marketing 313,733 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 204,418 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 193,390 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Contribution profit (loss) (159,789) nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember (274,332) nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember (389,143) nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Total content library, net 1,392,701 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 804,690 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 1,392,701 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 804,690 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 527,235 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Amortization of content library 998,606 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 701,905 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember 438,772 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Domestic DVD [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Total members at end of period 5,767,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember [1] 6,930,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember [1] 5,767,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember [1] 6,930,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember [1] 8,224,000 nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember [1] Revenues 765,161 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 910,797 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 1,136,872 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember Cost of revenues 396,882 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 471,523 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 598,163 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember Marketing 0 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 292 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 559 us-gaap_MarketingExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember Contribution profit (loss) 368,279 nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 438,982 nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 538,150 nflx_ContributionProfit / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember Total content library, net 30,101 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 19,779 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 30,101 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 19,779 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember 29,865 nflx_ContentLibraryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember Amortization of content library $ 71,491 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember $ 71,325 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember $ 65,396 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = nflx_DomesticDvdMember [1] A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately. X - Definition Content Library Net + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryNet Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Contribution Profit + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContributionProfit Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Cost of Services, Amortization of Content Library + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfContentLibrary Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Interest and Debt Expense and Nonoperating Income (Expense) + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_InterestandDebtExpenseandNonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number Of Subscriptions At End Of Period + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_NumberOfSubscriptionsAtEndOfPeriod Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_MarketingExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of other operating cost and expense items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 3 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherCostAndExpenseOperating Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Revenues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=nflx_DomesticDvdMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=nflx_DomesticStreamingMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=nflx_InternationalStreamingMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.4.0.3 * */ var Show = {}; Show.LastAR = null, Show.hideAR = function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none'; }; Show.showAR = function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; } }; Show.toggleNext = function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } } };
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Preferred stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Preferred stock, shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock, shares issued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Common stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock, shares authorized 160,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized 160,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock, shares issued 60,415,841 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued 59,607,001 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Common stock, shares outstanding 60,415,841 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding 59,607,001 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Net income $ 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments (7,768) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent 1,772 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent 1,357 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax of $(156), $(697), and $538, respectively (253) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax (1,116) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax 856 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax Total other comprehensive income (loss) (8,021) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent 656 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent 2,213 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent Comprehensive income $ 258,778 us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax $ 113,059 us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax $ 19,365 us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax X - Definition Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35737396 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=d3e557-108580 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 + Details Name: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to parent entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569643-111683 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569616-111683 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (c)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=18733093&loc=SL4573702-111684 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments, of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities and unrealized holding gain (loss) related to transfers of securities into the available-for-sale classification and out of the held-to-maturity classification. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27724398&loc=d3e27357-111563 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10A -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=SL7669646-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569643-111683 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569616-111683 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (c)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=18733093&loc=SL4573702-111684 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Equity [Abstract] Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated balances of other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency Change in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Total (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ 1,381 $ 1,538 $ 2,919 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 1,772 (1,597 ) 175 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income — 481 481 Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income 1,772 (1,116 ) 656 Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 3,153 $ 422 $ 3,575 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (7,768 ) 337 (7,431 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss)income — (590 ) (590 ) Net decrease in other comprehensive (loss) income (7,768 ) (253 ) (8,021 ) Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ (4,615 ) $ 169 $ (4,446 ) All amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were related to realized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities. These reclassifications impacted "Interest and other income (expense)" on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. X - Details Name: us-gaap_EquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Document And Entity Information (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Jan. 28, 2015 Jun. 30, 2014 Document And Entity Information [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name NETFLIX INC Entity Central Index Key 0001065280 Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Entity Filer Category Large Accelerated Filer Document Type 10-K Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2014 Document Fiscal Year Focus 2014 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Amendment Flag false Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 60,498,082 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Yes Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Public Float $ 25,313,674,160 dei_EntityPublicFloat X - Definition If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word "Other". + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: nflx_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Taxes Income Taxes Income before provision for income taxes was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) United States $ 325,081 $ 159,126 $ 27,885 Foreign 24,288 11,948 2,595 Income before income taxes $ 349,369 $ 171,074 $ 30,480 The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Current tax provision: Federal $ 86,623 $ 58,558 $ 34,387 State 9,866 15,154 7,850 Foreign 16,144 7,003 1,162 Total current 112,633 80,715 43,399 Deferred tax provision: Federal (10,994 ) (18,930 ) (26,903 ) State (17,794 ) (2,751 ) (3,168 ) Foreign (1,275 ) (363 ) — Total deferred (30,063 ) (22,044 ) (30,071 ) Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 13,328 U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes associated with the repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries were not provided for on a cumulative total of $29.2 million of undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014. The Company intends to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in its foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes net of available foreign tax credits associated with these earnings. The amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is approximately $10.2 million . Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options of $88.9 million , $80.0 million and $4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively, were recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% $ 122,279 $ 59,878 $ 10,667 State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect 13,274 8,053 2,914 R&D tax credit (18,655 ) (13,841 ) (1,803 ) Release of tax reserves on previously unrecognized tax benefits (38,612 ) — — Other 4,284 4,581 1,550 Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 $ 58,671 $ 13,328 The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Deferred tax assets (liabilities): Stock-based compensation $ 100,397 $ 69,201 Accruals and reserves 13,415 13,022 Depreciation and amortization (11,708 ) (11,159 ) R&D credits 21,014 19,196 Other (2,778 ) 824 Total deferred tax assets 120,340 91,084 Valuation allowance — (481 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 120,340 $ 90,603 Deferred tax assets include $13.4 million and $21.5 million classified as “Other current assets” and $106.9 million and $69.1 million classified as “Other non-current assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 , respectively. In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 , it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no significant valuation allowance was recorded. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's state tax credit carryforwards for tax return purposes were $41.9 million , of which $41.1 million can be carried forward indefinitely and $0.8 million expire in 2024. On December 19, 2014, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 (H.R.5771) was signed into law which retroactively extends the Federal research and development credit from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014. As a result, the Company recognized the retroactive benefit of the Federal research and development credit of approximately $10.7 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2014, the period in which the legislation was enacted. The Company classifies unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as “Other non-current liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2014 , the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $34.8 million , of which $29.2 million , if recognized, would favorably impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company’s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands): Balance as of December 31, 2012 $ 43,337 Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods 4 Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (25 ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 24,915 Balance as of December 31, 2013 $ 68,231 Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (39,015 ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 11,174 Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities (5,578 ) Balance as of December 31, 2014 $ 34,812 The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 , the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $0.4 million and $3.9 million , respectively, which is classified as “Other non-current liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest and penalties included in the Company's provision for income taxes were not material in all the periods presented. The Company files U.S. federal, state and foreign tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2010 through 2013. The IRS had previously completed its Field Exam of the 2008 and 2009 federal tax returns and issued a Revenue Agents Report with a proposed assessment primarily related to the Company's R&D Credits claimed in those years. The Company filed a protest against the proposed assessment and settlement was reached with the IRS Appeals Division in December 2014. As a result, the Company reassessed the tax reserves for all open years and released $38.6 million of tax reserves in the fourth quarter of 2014. The IRS Field Exam of the 2010 through 2013 federal tax returns is in progress. The Company is also currently under examination by the state of California for the years 2006 and 2007. California has completed its Field Exam of the 2006 and 2007 California tax returns and has issued a Notice of Proposed Assessment primarily related to the Company's R&D Credits claimed in those years. The Company has filed a protest against the proposed assessment and is currently awaiting the commencement of the Protest process with the Franchise Tax Board. The years 1997 through 2005, as well as 2008 through 2013, remain subject to examination by the state of California. The Company is currently not under examination in any foreign jurisdiction. The years 2011 through 2013 remain subject to examination by foreign jurisdictions. Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months. However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made. X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract] Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities, Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent $ (156) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesTaxPortionAttributableToParent $ (697) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesTaxPortionAttributableToParent $ 538 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesTaxPortionAttributableToParent X - Definition Amount of tax expense (benefit), after reclassification adjustments, of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities, attributable to parent entity. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569643-111683 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4569616-111683 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (c)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=18733093&loc=SL4573702-111684 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesTaxPortionAttributableToParent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet Components 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Balance Sheet Components Disclosure [Abstract] Balance Sheet Components Balance Sheet Components Content Library Content library consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Total content library, gross $ 8,497,403 $ 6,474,688 Accumulated amortization (3,598,375 ) (2,677,196 ) Total content library, net 4,899,028 3,797,492 Current content library, net 2,125,702 1,706,421 Non-current content library, net $ 2,773,326 $ 2,091,071 Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: As of December 31, Estimated Useful Lives (in Years) 2014 2013 (in thousands) Information technology assets $ 189,274 $ 139,306 3 years Furniture and fixtures 25,758 21,011 3 years Building 40,681 40,681 30 years Leasehold improvements 57,339 51,194 Over life of lease DVD operations equipment 89,144 96,361 5 years Capital work-in-progress 12,495 8,643 Property and equipment, gross 414,691 357,196 Less: Accumulated depreciation (264,816 ) (223,591 ) Property and equipment, net $ 149,875 $ 133,605 As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had unpaid property and equipment included in accounts payable of $11.8 million and $6.8 million , respectively on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and consequently such amounts are excluded from purchases of property and equipment on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. X - Details Name: nflx_BalanceSheetComponentsDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for supplemental balance sheet disclosures, including descriptions and amounts for assets, liabilities, and equity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Short-Term Investments 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Short-Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Abstract] Short-Term Investments Short-term Investments The Company’s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. The following tables summarize, by major security type, the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy and where they are classified on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2014 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash $ 1,007,543 $ — $ — $ 1,007,543 Level 1 securities: Money market funds 111,759 — — 111,759 Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities 295,500 432 (199 ) 295,733 Government securities 168,749 120 (95 ) 168,774 Asset and mortgage-backed securities 112 — — 112 Certificate of deposits 3,600 — — 3,600 Agency securities 26,665 5 (1 ) 26,669 Total $ 1,613,928 $ 557 $ (295 ) $ 1,614,190 As of December 31, 2013 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash $ 483,959 $ — $ — $ 483,959 Level 1 securities: Money market funds 126,208 — — 126,208 Level 2 securities: Corporate debt securities 316,465 1,245 (654 ) 317,056 Government securities 143,812 287 (18 ) 144,081 Asset and mortgage-backed securities 93,118 229 (418 ) 92,929 Certificate of deposits 23,425 — — 23,425 Agency securities 17,951 — (2 ) 17,949 Total $ 1,204,938 $ 1,761 $ (1,092 ) $ 1,205,607 As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,113,608 $ 604,965 Short-term investments 494,888 595,440 Non-current assets (1) 5,694 5,202 Total $ 1,614,190 $ 1,205,607 (1) Primarily restricted cash that is related to workers compensation deposits. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company’s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The fair value of available-for-sale securities and cash equivalents included in the Level 1 category is based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These values were obtained from an independent pricing service and were evaluated using pricing models that vary by asset class and may incorporate available trade, bid and other market information and price quotes from well-established independent pricing vendors and broker-dealers. The Company’s procedures include controls to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded, such as comparing prices obtained from multiple independent sources. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of the Company’s senior convertible notes and senior notes. Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell any investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2014 . There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 or 2012 . There were no material gross realized gains or losses from the sale of available-for-sale investments in the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 . Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income. The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2014 is as follows: (in thousands) Due within one year $ 113,864 Due after one year and through 5 years 381,024 Total short-term investments $ 494,888 X - Details Name: nflx_ShortTermInvestmentsAndFairValueMeasurementAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Short Term Investments And Fair Value Measurement [Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ShortTermInvestmentsAndFairValueMeasurementTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Computation of Net Income Per Share The computation of earnings per share is as follows: Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands, except per share data) Basic earnings per share: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 58,198 55,521 Basic earnings per share $ 4.44 $ 1.93 $ 0.31 Diluted earnings per share: Net income $ 266,799 $ 112,403 $ 17,152 Convertible Notes interest expense, net of tax — 49 195 Numerator for diluted earnings per share 266,799 112,452 17,347 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 60,078 58,198 55,521 Convertible Notes shares — 715 2,331 Employee stock options 1,621 1,848 1,052 Weighted-average number of shares 61,699 60,761 58,904 Diluted earnings per share $ 4.32 $ 1.85 $ 0.29 Summary of Potential Common Shares Excluded from Diluted Calculation The following table summarizes the potential common shares excluded from the diluted calculation: Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Employee stock options 131 198 1,207 X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Employee Benefit Plan 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Compensation and Retirement Disclosure [Abstract] Employee Benefit Plan Employee Benefit Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board. During 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , the Company’s matching contributions totaled $8.3 million , $6.5 million and $5.2 million , respectively. X - Details Name: us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 70 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414718&loc=d3e28014-114942 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35743120&loc=d3e2410-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 80 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742057&loc=SL14450702-114947 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414199&loc=d3e39622-114963 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39675-114964 + Details Name: us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Guarantees-Indemnification Obligations 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Guarantees [Abstract] Guarantees-Indemnification Obligations Guarantees—Indemnification Obligations In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract. The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. X - Details Name: us-gaap_GuaranteesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for each guarantee obligation, or each group of similar guarantee obligations, including (a) the nature of the guarantee, including its term, how it arose, and the events or circumstances that would require the guarantor to perform under the guarantee; (b) the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee; (c) the current carrying amount of the liability, if any, for the guarantor's obligations under the guarantee; and (d) the nature of any recourse provisions under the guarantee, and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties, and any relevant related party disclosure. Excludes disclosures about product warranties. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_GuaranteesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Components of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Current tax provision: Federal $ 86,623 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit $ 58,558 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit $ 34,387 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit State 9,866 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit 15,154 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit 7,850 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Foreign 16,144 us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit 7,003 us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit 1,162 us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit Total current 112,633 us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 80,715 us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 43,399 us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Deferred tax provision: Federal (10,994) us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (18,930) us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (26,903) us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit State (17,794) us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (2,751) us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (3,168) us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Foreign (1,275) us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (363) us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 0 us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Total deferred (30,063) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (22,044) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (30,071) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Provision for income taxes $ 82,570 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit $ 58,671 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit $ 13,328 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit X - Definition Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Paragraph Question 1-7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Long-Term Debt 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Long-Term Debt Long-term Debt Senior Convertible Notes In November 2011, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of zero coupon senior convertible notes due on December 1, 2018 (the “Convertible Notes”) in a private placement offering to TCV VII, L.P., TCV VII(A), L.P., and TCV Member Fund, L.P. A general partner of these funds also serves on the Company’s Board of Directors, and as such, the issuance of the notes is considered a related party transaction. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately $197.8 million . Debt issuance costs of $2.2 million (of which $0.3 million was paid in the year ended December 31, 2012) were recorded in “Other non-current assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. At any time following May 28, 2012, the Company could have elected to cause the conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company’s common stock when specified conditions were satisfied, including that the daily volume weighted average price of the Company’s common stock was equal to or greater than $111.54 for at least 50 trading days during a 65 trading day period prior to the conversion date. The Company determined that the embedded conversion option in the Convertible Notes did not require separate accounting treatment as a derivative instrument because it was both indexed to the Company's own stock and would be classified in stockholders' equity if freestanding. Additionally, the Convertible Notes did not require or permit any portion of the obligation to be settled in cash and accordingly the liability and equity (conversion option) components were not required to be accounted for separately. In April 2013, after all specified conditions were satisfied, the Company elected to cause the conversion of all outstanding Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $200.0 million in accordance with the terms of the Indenture governing such notes. Pursuant to this conversion, the Company issued 2.3 million shares of common stock to the holders of the Convertible Notes at a conversion ratio of 11.6553 . The fair market value of one share of common stock on the date of conversion was $216.99 per share. 8.50% Senior Notes In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November 15, 2017 (the “ 8.50% Notes”). The net proceeds to the Company were approximately $193.9 million . Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million were recorded in “Other non-current assets” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and were senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest was payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50% per annum on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on May 15, 2010. The 8.50% Notes were repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company could redeem the 8.50% Notes prior to November 15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a “make-whole” premium. In the first quarter of 2013, the Company redeemed the outstanding $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% Notes and pursuant to the make-whole provision in the Indenture governing the 8.50% Notes, paid a $19.4 million premium and $5.1 million of accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $25.1 million related to redemption of the 8.50% Notes which included the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs of $4.2 million . 5.375% Senior Notes In February 2013, the Company issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2021 (the “ 5.375% Notes”). The 5.375% Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 5.375% per annum on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on August 1, 2013. The 5.375% Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the 5.375% Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest plus a make-whole payment equivalent to the present value of the remaining interest payments through maturity. The 5.375% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. At December 31, 2014 the Company was in compliance with these covenants. In the first quarter of 2013, the Company used $224.5 million of the net proceeds of the 5.375% Notes to redeem the outstanding $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% Notes. Based on quoted market prices in less active markets (a Level 2 input for this financial instrument), the fair value of the 5.375% Notes was $520.0 million and $506.3 million as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively. 5.750% Senior Notes In February 2014, the Company issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Senior Notes due 2024 (the " 5.750% Notes"). The 5.750% Notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 5.750% per annum on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2014. The 5.750% Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. The Company may redeem the 5.750% Notes prior to maturity in whole or in part at an amount equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest plus a make-whole payment equivalent to the present value of the remaining interest payments through maturity. The 5.750% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur or allow certain liens; enter into sale and lease-back transactions; create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company's subsidiaries; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the Company's and its subsidiaries assets, to another person. At December 31, 2014, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Based on quoted market prices in less active markets (a Level 2 input for this financial instrument), the fair value of the 5.750% Notes as of December 31, 2014 was $416.0 million . X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for long-term debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies Streaming Content At December 31, 2014, the Company had $9.5 billion of obligations comprised of $2.1 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $1.6 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $5.8 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2013, the Company had $7.3 billion of obligations comprised of $1.8 billion included in "Current content liabilities" and $1.3 billion of "Non-current content liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and $4.2 billion of obligations that are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The expected timing of payments for these streaming content obligations is as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Less than one year $ 3,747,648 $ 2,972,325 Due after one year and through 3 years 4,495,103 3,266,907 Due after 3 years and through 5 years 1,164,308 929,645 Due after 5 years 44,053 83,284 Total streaming content obligations $ 9,451,112 $ 7,252,161 A streaming content obligation is incurred at the time the Company enters into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is generally recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and / or fees for which are not yet determinable as of the reporting date. Because the amount is not reasonably estimable, the Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the unknown obligations are expected to be significant and the expected timing of payments could range from less than one year to more than five years. The Company has entered into certain licenses with performing rights organizations ("PROs"), and is currently involved in negotiations with other PROs, that hold certain rights to music and other entertainment works "publicly performed" in connection with streaming content into various territories. Accruals for estimated license fees are recorded and then adjusted based on any change in estimates. These amounts are included in the streaming content obligations. The results of these negotiations are uncertain and may be materially different from management's estimates. Lease obligations The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2019. Several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation for intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments. Because the terms of the Company’s original facilities lease agreements for its current Los Gatos, California headquarters site required the Company’s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings, the Company is the “deemed owner” (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million , representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. In the first quarter of 2010, the Company extended the facilities leases for the current Los Gatos buildings for an additional five year term after the remaining term of the original lease, thus increasing the future minimum payments under lease financing obligations by approximately $14 million . The leases continue to be accounted for as financing obligations and no gain or loss was recorded as a result of the lease financing modification. At December 31, 2014, the lease financing obligation balance was $29.6 million , of which $1.2 million and $28.4 million were recorded in “Accrued expenses” and “Other non-current liabilities,” respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining future minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are $9.4 million . The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the extended lease term will be approximately $25.8 million which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor. In the third quarter of 2013, the Company entered into facilities lease agreements to expand its Los Gatos headquarters. At the time the Company entered into these lease agreements, the prior agreement signed in the fourth quarter of 2012 was simultaneously terminated. The 124 month lease term for each of the new leases will commence after the construction of the buildings is complete. Future minimum lease payments associated with these leases are $122.2 million as of December 31, 2014 and are included below. Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2014 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future Minimum Payments (in thousands) 2015 $ 35,501 2016 37,078 2017 27,697 2018 19,804 2019 14,923 Thereafter 76,130 Total minimum payments $ 211,133 Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $26.6 million , $27.9 million and $29.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. Legal Proceedings From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. On January 13, 2012, the first of three purported shareholder class action lawsuits was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Two additional purported shareholder class action lawsuits were filed in the same court on January 27, 2012 and February 29, 2012 alleging substantially similar claims. These lawsuits were consolidated into In re Netflix, Inc., Securities Litigation , Case No. 3:12-cv-00225-SC, and the Court selected lead plaintiffs. On June 26, 2012, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint which alleged violations of the federal securities laws. The Court dismissed the consolidated complaint with leave to amend on February 13, 2013. Lead plaintiffs filed a first amended consolidated complaint on March 22, 2013. The Court dismissed the first amended consolidated complaint with prejudice on August 20, 2013, and judgment was entered on September 27, 2013. Lead plaintiffs filed a motion to alter or amend the judgment and requested leave to file a second amended complaint on October 25, 2013. On January 17, 2014, the Court denied that motion. On February 18, 2014, lead plaintiffs appealed that decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable On November 23, 2011, the first of six purported shareholder derivative suits was filed in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County, against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Five additional purported shareholder derivative suits were subsequently filed: two in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County on February 9, 2012 and May 2, 2012; and three in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on February 13, 2012, February 24, 2012 and April 2, 2012. The purported shareholder derivative suits filed in the Northern District of California have been voluntarily dismissed. On July 5, 2012, the purported shareholder derivative suits filed in Santa Clara County were consolidated into In re Netflix, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation , Case No. 1-12-cv-218399, and lead counsel was appointed. A consolidated complaint was filed on December 4, 2012, with plaintiffs seeking compensatory damages and other relief. The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that certain of the Company's current and former officers and directors breached their fiduciary duties, issued false and misleading statements primarily regarding the Company's streaming business, violated accounting rules concerning segment reporting, violated provisions of the California Corporations Code, and wasted corporate assets. The consolidated complaint further alleges that the defendants caused the Company to buy back stock at artificially inflated prices to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders while contemporaneously selling personally held Company stock. The Company filed a demurrer to the consolidated complaint and a motion to stay the derivative litigation in favor of the related federal securities class action on February 4, 2013. On June 21, 2013, the Court granted the motion to stay the derivative litigation pending resolution of the related federal securities class action. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6449706&loc=d3e16207-108621 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25287-109308 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Stockholders’ Equity On November 2, 2012, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one right (a “Right”) for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Shares”), of the Company to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 12, 2012 (the “Record Date”). Each Right entitled the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Preferred Shares”), of the Company at an exercise price of $350 per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, subject to adjustment (the “Exercise Price”). The Rights were exercisable in the event any person or group acquires 10% (or 20% in the case of certain institutional investors who report their holdings on Schedule 13G) or more of the Common Shares without the approval of the Board, and until such time are inseparable from and trade with the Company's common stock. The Rights had a de minimus fair value. The Rights Agreement was amended on December 30, 2013 to accelerate the expiration of the Rights from the close of business on November 2, 2015 to the close of business on December 30, 2013, and had the effect of terminating the Rights Agreement on that date. At the time of the termination of the Rights Agreement, all of the Rights distributed to holders of the Company’s common stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement expired. In April 2013, the Company issued 2.3 million shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further details. Preferred Stock In 2012, the Company designated 1,000,000 shares of its preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share as Series A Participating Preferred Stock. The remaining 9,000,000 shares of preferred stock with par value of $0.001 remained undesignated. In connection with the expiration of the Rights and the termination of the Rights Agreement on December 30, 2013, the shares that were designated to such series were returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock of the Company, and the Company therefore now has 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001 that are undesignated. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013 . Voting Rights The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company’s stockholders. Stock Option Plans In June 2011, the Company adopted the 2011 Stock Plan. The 2011 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2014 , 2.9 million shares were reserved for future grants under the 2011 Stock Plan. In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provided for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. In the first quarter of 2012, 1.2 million shares reserved for future grants under the 2002 Stock Plan expired. A summary of the activities related to the Company’s stock option plans is as follows: Shares Available for Grant Options Outstanding Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in Thousands) Number of Shares Weighted- Average Exercise Price Balances as of December 31, 2011 7,013,508 2,957,754 $ 66.59 Granted (1,803,798 ) 1,803,798 73.94 Exercised — (188,552 ) 21.85 Canceled 48 (48 ) 35.95 Expired (1,160,721 ) — Balances as of December 31, 2012 4,049,037 4,572,952 $ 71.33 Granted (642,720 ) 642,720 208.94 Exercised — (1,688,774 ) 73.75 Balances as of December 31, 2013 3,406,317 3,526,898 $ 95.25 Granted (545,573 ) 545,573 402.85 Exercised — (808,840 ) 75.65 Balances as of December 31, 2014 2,860,744 3,263,631 $ 151.53 6.14 $ 654,673 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2014 3,263,631 $ 151.53 6.14 $ 654,673 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2014 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on the last trading day of 2014. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 was $265.1 million , $274.2 million and $14.7 million , respectively. Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 was $60.5 million , $124.6 million and $4.1 million , respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 ESPP under which employees purchased common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever was lower. Under the ESPP, the offering and purchase periods took place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price was six months. Employees could invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event was an employee permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six -month purchase period. As of December 31, 2014 , there were 2,785,721 shares available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company’s ESPP was suspended in 2011 and there were no offerings subsequent to 2011. Stock-Based Compensation Vested stock options granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after January 2007 will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using the lattice-binomial model and the valuation data: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Dividend yield — % — % — % Expected volatility 41% - 48% 51% - 54% 55% - 65% Risk-free interest rate 2.39% - 2.83% 1.87% - 2.71% 1.61% - 2.01% Suboptimal exercise factor 2.66 - 5.44 2.33 - 3.92 2.26 - 3.65 Valuation data: Weighted-average fair value (per share) $ 211.22 $ 113.74 $ 41.00 Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands) 115,239 73,100 73,948 Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands) 43,999 28,096 28,537 The Company considers several factors in determining the suboptimal exercise factor including the historical and estimated option exercise behavior and the employee groupings. The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company’s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. Low trade volume of the Company's tradable forward call options prior to 2011 precluded sole reliance on implied volatility, and as such the Company includes historical volatility in the computation of expected volatility. In valuing shares issued under the Company’s employee stock option plans, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. Stock Repurchase Program Under the stock repurchase plan announced on June 11, 2010, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2012. As of December 31, 2012, the Company has repurchased $259.0 million of its common stock under this plan. As of December 31, 2012, the plan has expired and the remaining $41.0 million was unused. There were no stock repurchases in 2012, 2013 or 2014. X - Details Name: nflx_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Summary of Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward] Beginning Balance $ 68,231 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits $ 43,337 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods 4 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions Decreases related to tax positions taken during prior periods (39,015) us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions (25) us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 11,174 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions 24,915 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities (5,578) us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities Ending Balance $ 34,812 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits $ 68,231 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits X - Details Name: us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from settlements with taxing authorities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Segment Information (Narrative) (Details) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 segment Segment Reporting [Abstract] Number of reportable segments 3 us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments X - Definition Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Deferred tax assets (liabilities): Stock-based compensation $ 100,397 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost $ 69,201 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost Accruals and reserves 13,415 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals 13,022 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals Depreciation and amortization (11,708) us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment (11,159) us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment R&D credits 21,014 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsResearch 19,196 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsResearch Other (2,778) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther 824 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther Total deferred tax assets 120,340 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross 91,084 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross Valuation allowance 0 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance (481) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Net deferred tax assets $ 120,340 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet $ 90,603 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet X - Details Name: us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510090 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible research tax credit carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsResearch Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Summary of Potential Common Shares Excluded From Diluted Calculation) (Details) (Equity Option [Member]) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Equity Option [Member] Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Employee stock options 131 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount / us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_StockOptionMember 198 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount / us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_StockOptionMember 1,207 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount / us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis = us-gaap_StockOptionMember X - Definition Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Antidilution -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6505113 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510752 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508534 + Details Name: us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Preferred Stock and Voting Rights) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 vote Dec. 31, 2013 Nov. 02, 2012 Dec. 31, 2012 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Preferred stock, shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Preferred stock, shares issued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Number of voting rights per share 1 nflx_CommonstockVotingRightsVotesperShare Series A [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Preferred stock, shares authorized 1,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_SeriesAMember Preferred stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_SeriesAMember Undesignated Stock [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Preferred stock, shares authorized 9,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = nflx_UndesignatedStockMember Preferred stock, par value $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = nflx_UndesignatedStockMember X - Definition Common stock, Voting Rights, Votes per Share + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CommonstockVotingRightsVotesperShare Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=nflx_UndesignatedStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract] Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 (in thousands, except for per share data) 2014 Total revenues $ 1,484,728 $ 1,409,432 $ 1,340,407 $ 1,270,089 Gross profit 470,396 455,038 425,559 400,903 Net income 83,371 59,295 71,018 53,115 Earnings per share: Basic $ 1.38 $ 0.99 $ 1.18 $ 0.89 Diluted 1.35 0.96 1.15 0.86 2013 Total revenues $ 1,175,230 $ 1,105,999 $ 1,069,372 $ 1,023,961 Gross profit 354,553 307,099 308,698 287,009 Net income (loss) 48,421 31,822 29,471 2,689 Earnings (loss) per share: Basic $ 0.81 $ 0.54 $ 0.51 $ 0.05 Diluted 0.79 0.52 0.49 0.05 X - Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited, comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e765-108305 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e725-108305 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)-(j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35737889&loc=d3e1280-108306 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section G -Subsection 1 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-K (SK) -Number 229 -Section 302 -Paragraph a + Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Expected timing of payments for streaming content obligations The expected timing of payments for these streaming content obligations is as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Less than one year $ 3,747,648 $ 2,972,325 Due after one year and through 3 years 4,495,103 3,266,907 Due after 3 years and through 5 years 1,164,308 929,645 Due after 5 years 44,053 83,284 Total streaming content obligations $ 9,451,112 $ 7,252,161 Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2014 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future Minimum Payments (in thousands) 2015 $ 35,501 2016 37,078 2017 27,697 2018 19,804 2019 14,923 Thereafter 76,130 Total minimum payments $ 211,133 X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including the item for which expenditures will be made, minimum quantities, milestones, time period and committed amount. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
begin 644 0001065280-15-000006-xbrl.zip M4$L#!!0````(`/=N/48JQ`[B"[$!`,2N&P`1`!P`;F9L>"TR,#$T,3(S,2YX M;6Q55`D``S*"RE0R@LI4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U9=^.ZD7Z? ][@7M]RY25[Z0"1D(4V1"DC:TOWU`Y#:22V410L4*R WOU MUP__^1_O_JM2^7OK^YUD>E8XPFX@M2E&`;:E9Q(,I3]L[/^2!M0;27]X]!=Y M0K]+`X^.,'6FTA^XWR4.Z].O5&9=C6^,AF[7JX.:INA(5ZQ^0VU8JH[JLMY0 M%4.I_3ZY,6JZKN):0U:,OJZJ-=3H#VH#K5;7&W6CT:_%O4WZU"$W_'\E1HWK MWUA>Z`9T^OYJ&`3CF^MK7O3&Q]:;1^_I>E9XK 6,/T^KPDI0%QG[`?I#>)RU*H(;ZGJTI]T>KY^?E- MU-*CCZRZK%W/:LP;L/GYM:,V+^XC'\^KNXA8?OJ8HB(^)&5]2.[`F:Q]P _T7H#B@=;R:Y= ML])Y19]8Z?2R@A1J_6!,M]1G)2D-0K_RB-!XT6:`_'XTD%E!"C)8"?4 V MB4K2&W$^I#>*2M(:!10_;N63 Q" ML^L'R+46^)PD\/RL1;45PS"NH])%5=].J\BZ5:[__OFN9PWQ""TKD_V5*XO1 M,`4E2>_XUV[\J.@['DC1UV^&$?*X4%3FX'_#AG(U*^8S\?[*)Z.QPXBZCCN* M=9WEN0&>!!)AXS;9E]5[I8O[LEJ1U9\SL/S\YB#W"QKAYH3X/_E'?CX\>P]# M+_21:[,_.ZQ?;XIQ+_"L7]]":@V9 ,[)M5LJ\^ - )TI\2RHXO57FIP25 #6Z8D:61++I'5 M(8_#X)M'W*!+GO`_,?48]RU6!3WB'G:)1[]X`?9C_BUZN_/ 0 SL:4^\) M\]J;PO`=(Z?#R`PPJ]>TV&XM=/A&S 4J=M-/*]J'SOAS4^L2?1825S`MFW"2?!5.] M5S^CJ=HXNQ`C]W&]_F ?L!O]%!]GPP7`%L66D6TENP+@KC%J MQA.-J$D^JD6[5YMCRN1!DXNG6AA?].RLU',Z'%IA)5A;HBDEL+8$MK9$DV-N M;2EZ1='!0P`\!%Y=%O@%AIY-%M::G%(6]-A TL=VEWJCMC BU8O`/C&B7N,BU"')Z\V+&\R\H M""EFZI52CRYE_S.BOW#`>NM,QFP"L?\=6P[R?2X,=N"U/3_PO _W8MK])4Q-;X3]@%CFDUUL#.ZD=0:K!+&` MF9=@IA=0C$9 6]4#=:%?"EX/2@&@7W8"D[4CB;XR"*=_+ M>NX"28L3@^5#GZ_!$%->C>(AGY\G?.M:3'`O!%EI;%@:^`?S`9!V+-)LF\2R M^PT1FQFW:$P"Y)0#7;MH!T0=B2CV\\ASHQ.V4J`H02\@YTCD?, )\PH;P6T&W&9>WX6L@'(`'N;@85X"65"+ MNK0>X95:R\$K= &:7#\$-'QXV(P4Z([>Y$ HP.#7E`'!CV[`X.>HP.#7E`'ANRIRWB3W!P8]((Z,.C9 M'1CRC#ZC%]2!X2C=F# '[ -X-EMRPZ*`3T)]!R2.3&^_/V;^975C+CM+VH5&TD' M93.,[X%W4`^H.@I5"_TUR[58`B@M--@:R8"?%^&G&S++@KN3L7I=,N%_%?SH M*!.6MI,/N'H1KLZ U+)%Q \SHYYR:G8 M`3N5R]BIB(L8L`;/:PT*BPRPZLJ.`+#.7MTZ>R4LJ/?* "-U1F/' MFV*<>)NR]&URD/L%C5: O8>A%_K(M9NNS?X5->;UBHV W2WM8_,9L*JN/^T],58+MRE0 ^Y+=.]^9N 77XX I(N`'+A %FE%>^R2LM5O)>J M?D\$OSB"W2*L'>H3)PJ56&SYW!?%;S?59Q$.$=#PQ9LG5VSZ/DY$(NHB0O^& MG!"WII\Q\D,:+:==BO\=8M>:K@?.FM==J E%0&8@/V9,+V>7"=!O%I4?! W, MA!7Q//A/MU(2=B$@/A5IV[FW;@ +_[\7X8L1*WA](YUXZ0+P*T[#@,_JJ#"# S;% ?E:R4V\K\\RJ?+_SK@,S>+1!U,M^2N^NRY>/H9T5\X MZ(:N77#Q/H4H*1>P5&89W(&(60E.G`H9D/\LJZTP\M]\Y-];%H+\Y["47I;\ MIT,&Y+^8\L\/V5K(^H5M4`*@!`Y7`MMQ`YJ@D)J@C2F710L% '3L43:?O#)8!:`+#M M$Z9N\5\S@C9X!6VP$SGET`:EOIN&&^+#,7-([M0XS-6.K/5%! S75SDYV!Q4;EU6 ["83*G8Q`#`2 M6Q\A=4G`5EM6KTLF_*\R(60[^8"/V"F,V6)XZ#GV[6A,F0&_XBY;"H#LH!\0 M$M7=FLF^%/C82OT%HP/",(L7AEG`N2]1Y%UQPC`+A`,(PRQ$&.971P0$9;VH MH*S"X@>"L@H:E%58Q$!05N&"L@J&%0C**DQ05K&0`4%9RXX`",IZSJ"LKXZ% MC]A[I&@\)!:*7; K#C+B;'[U2SFWRO.)"I#LYT\DC MBHN4:?U>+5I@6KTBURJ:G!,["A>G5\\5'4NMD% YWN30F; MRNDSZ+/70NSNR*ILJT]#9K%-QHR1B;@QF>[^&7OGCE4^JYN\`E\QCI'3\?FJ MP^JM'#:8>$RQ1:(AFMBW*(E`\G4P'\=RW'>>_Q$%GK_X8K$E9D\8V-19.JG4 M9/)RV#O3IQS:B\`RX]\6M)16ZB&>O!B1E,5``\23AWCRI4,\Q),'+0CQY"&> M/.A%B" 0!"TDL)"P&."T2'LJ9K3PX.X*S(\@P\2JB"ADF1,,_ M9)B`#!.7CO&]&28@N80`R24@KT01\DH(([.0%484P86L,""]&](+66&*(MZ0 M%2;[X(J;%:9`\B]LS%?("@/!7HN:%0;D'[+"@!(XDQ(0*BL,:`+("@.:X#R: M0*RL,*`)("L,Z(*SZ0+!LL*`-H"L,*`-SJ4-1,L* S!.2.Z(YGYBT^3:QEL_PBXJ0=*I7;AEWDWW!>-@9=8+] MN1:1X5O(EBWDX^+'G]@=`V(_W9>,",@;5 0-TJXO%$B M8@3R1HF3-TI$?)SY-6!G,F8#P':/!`6/!U^VMWC)F0.)$D&B0(J*)$4@.9## M4-` 0P%"*'X:LC`G(8 M7E0.0V'Q`SD,! A A6,B`'(9E1P#D,"S#V3CD M,"SCW$(.PPN2:3;MLGJO='%?5L'WMVB^O[):B?Z;!RJ,>_V+][0W@ER'/`Z# M*'`9#U?V3TR]6 ;"W3$P[I0^`\#'59*.B*#DD)^7+FWRO@$., MT!?$X!!SO($@5V0M'P.!"8[Z*72QHA0MM:_,,QTKN?!$.6QYC%5JVW.?>)2* MOH.Y=LVR&*XTY>4)?1,A]AMBJ(S.*E'D2^ZWIJLE:QV:A($[\&BQU 1#T>TR.]0;>26 MI;3D7F9G3"DJO)^9HD4[F48^N%:;8TH P[XT#,D+.3SQAJHOX^. N-B+O[@_L`M?G%9*?STA6Z M]W+OB2U6NR:>EQ\V+2M1++CB(^YC>XC MP NZ% 6!+N"]]P */`[>7OWV&+S=:.X0%U>&F+^4NE%4^2];V_#?T[Y)W"%;2X+-=M$_G^-^ M^YYCQQU]QY:#?#_.(\E9PWN^YG7GG[EF8SMDF&-D\\.L2N"-;VKCR5O.U@IR MR*-[X^!!$/^;N'QEO5$-5N%$=$7M>"Y,1%QIS(^YI2E&5$(C#@-?&J(G+/4Q M=B6ZH!7;4N#QN1]X=,3_#(98XAF/V.#BUF,F!?Q=&N>)Q#J.*C#V>`ZQ^49" M&C#HNQ9!CN3/W]'Z;PK*/,]G?/(&C$',E`T98& ` 58BZU$G_6+`ND94\R!^D2\T'>F$G*8 M2ILW^@V-QF__NZ&J\MO/B/["7"$N?E/>2EX\Q>U53"]>A$=H6&9S69.A;5_A M*%H%T 1T9@I5@XRY$YG),T%;B&9C-Y^&$G?F'H#MEHP M;KJ8M^)AJ_B_9F*[1D$+.4PJL=0;8LRIH+L(;"-_*'4=[WF/X,[_?G=]U!J3 MNCSYW]`4]1W NMEJRSY:FC MZ&J\)&EJK:75KB2^+$9]17:/(C=TK UT6T;G1;[3Z-1:YA5 M=3[>5K=I;HZW9M3UVI'C37\E.G9P%"3,M9LCCP;DS^CWK8]?,TZ'J:CMEF:8 MG7:[T9&UNJ$WYJ97M68D E)\STB;FG]DU^VH:&N-3D.KZF955U2F&`QUSKIZI]--+(%5+:&H MS\@Y+:\(E=OXU=3T6D=MM;5:RV!ZM*IW-&W.+U.6$[I#8PP3B%^O$$-XZQI; M;S?:W6ZWVC:[[4ZMV36842#7JJVV6>\TV@G.*37C4AAW#-!,36VUV*JM*TUF MZVEFTV!62 [IE*O:FU362P' M#%/U3=;I;-LE#N->M!@ K^OZQE3M'=++2=AEJ3788%OUIFQ6 M3;UCF+K::%;G)-3,Y$9+D5D53L*+:)@+@O_@;6D B,1^HZ9 MV/DDP#U,GXC%;Z:)9W_'EO?H1KU$^=ZWGWUOLR&8C+45K=YD?.A6F\QLJ.KS MW697[R9VQPICCK:!RYQI.C 2]5]1>,^),Q-!>^JB2U5WS(,N MI=F)Z)F>F.Z-$_LH@S#:%HB5P![OK]_,T@6!`(,ML-W-DPU(I:J\?EG*S-(4 M[+6A]$Y'*Y6R`YL(XC/IN$+*FAL0)HHM6L6U/'Y'S##/QPP?S`(/0M?G@: K`,44H1ETC,OW)\[L?.+, MF*M J\3@>+L(\F^I'>YN//II.)@EHX(O0"PEU[,"A#B&UW>0AYYV0 MQV3VT60Z8.)GHL8C-M"B%F668SD!Q'L\H+!65DN-JU0G`(0(P3;?,#D>P9N! M!(=*N! LKWJ_UN;DJK"[J%D.;Q+N'UD..,X!'HR0)+ V3]^ZI)W1=T*`&W#)N*#*]0/B2F*;M1*K(.B0]HV;M#.";.E8*G1 [(0EMEJ/2:0%4E3''6 Q,8\>RI24 M:02?FJR6Z3R:/=1)--3Y`'>.QTF:8%&K'@0?B5F?1IR"M.;9+!D6,%B^F,5Y M P2.9.O_LWBN5P8D2%L8`Q[Q*L/="/RF9(\/9Z-L8? MZA0RT)7Z22, )3:$\ 5ZX5LF:/02G1" #;9S@].2 $F[6XZ"^:\6/9&AH9^ M[F%SV?>N*W"5\DTEA.MQ6_"`.*I)K:',$9W8D%BV;=$#Y_*TO$S7PTRVP* WF@!%+.%O)LSV[ EWH`"&)N9DALF=F=U&28M9KF.6?H[0EHOLS%\(HR?4VG_?0_/OW),ZC?#AY M^!C?Q>F:RC77_#H#62_T!6RCWK .UKBS^Q+GG MS2GGS >M?GR$6Y0Q M/P#5]@(`C[;D:!\K;C',CNEPRY&FO#"K)V9A-559$5;>, 98#O_#B@[5,^1;Q7(AZ`P&8UN,N M8-E*RP+JV!TMXQ1]_85I?=E$]/M>-/P:CPYFF0`=`W_E!2[&TTQ)3RG-,A': M-C$[+Q8ED^STAM'\3CCV-#6CKDD\V^8R$!X$B(I1[B'/;"6H=&F'9TQ:#N G8@'= @WT\"RO`SVXO;GA>&'8F:,QP11E0GB6L)GO^M+F?EB91,XHZ92%4F"L M8UZ8]H+(P[*4"2;0 M 81RYL/'D.JA ;D+4 .04[OQ?D^A35!`3D$ P3)H031^XC"-3=9Z4\B0#9L,:'%^%0CB^1Z5/ M:L/HK.>VE1EATC(WJQWZ6H`^K"%:5)]^QS5D:0J2^>4^3N_BWV!=DZ*1X2-; MV`78\X29W' 1HQKQGW&4?[G/ODSR;'D[ MP?,`GD@0$KJN*SEN!Q#',CW3#>NZ?I#H+6A54,*>1I#'IWX,21[96-\=:U&( MGI@=6)YMAA9A'"2^E@"'DF[&^#&JNCZQ]>5XRR3%HA'LWOGK=)X#!-6&]Y L M^"5:9$7SQ"WF?JWVP;&4+93/`4L[TG 5MXF_EXSK%*]* MK'16_R@!,8R+7ZL:$6^Y^#U;_#->8#'6\54'(#N4 7M; MT$>`(?&GF[0ZENX19:B:[NJ>NQ^SLH_XF@;H%D2_9^7C9XM6L]$-^?]VU(H' M)K4M!=[: E9-1R ME 1CT[1"9.*ZCF.T(`7J@;,45H4UZ/"'=#KYR M LJG4@@66&"2."#&NI^T#8:J6UK`)&$; M3 ,I\%2M[I!E5`!B 9P**BW!*'@O6TG?:625FYU3$8R_BN3]+$E_OEI` 0'F &D>O[=[I?O5[-GLWW#?_;6>W;9Q\ MUM\2K6MQ4M'21]EAYZA9MC#R>(S-K%#.'EOC=7=];]4L\%.9!>>:OS6S0/L6 MMY CC- .H.?R\Y5C_^_:"*N1MXZV MNI$^\3YYYN>=_3YRE@?N8FLEM[K+Y#!**TFZR1:+;/IA39'05K2UI/VYO'[M MJU*,\9M'I]E274Q]'X.Y?C])1J"N_1HGW4"6VF2_.5HG=C-=YVH_K2H%K2A! MYW\9VBL;?RM;>CZ)EEMUM46M?=91/(U )&]9\H>?P'9 M>X26+RV-N(-T!"E?&_DNHOA-B2+_QDSA)JCLA7IG 9&1"3 M&@\0GO;E/)Y"IYU$?RWD^I_>7.MCXG6H8AY.#"U\O5*##QS3&=BF.#E57@O_ MG[2/TZ=8?,=0ZV)MOF]KPP;280/.K(NU.1GJ^;;`#>:31V-`I@VXT2^W%F41 MH\'U5_MS8';@;?:R>+M_Y3('IK0&E!P /M+E5-YES>-8I_,XO=+W196.#JAM#CBY1)67J/(5.:]O1\$DDP/; MO(11ES#J6)]V0O_UYK3(-`?$NH1+EW#I=![G93-G^E B4I=8 M:U 1-0ZR-LJ6F/[Z'%W 7IR" ME"=`Y`/3@K"7LI>GZ9N0O4O`_$I?PU[LY,5.GM!..@-FL0&UZ JCW6Z)UZWR(QH9D2W>:P;JQGP.;M91,G,&.LF9'#K(HV+:^,3 M%E]&Y4?C)AYF6`(6U2UY!_#39KGJ`\[D-I[%>92F#T8.]^2C0ZH[X6EX`@A. MHIE849?XZGM;JX4)I\D0NU@:VER5193+V==9=K^QB+(`>YD"->"AQK^7T6R! MT\07/#\9 9KAO/'; E N5W49YD2WA:G`/ELCQ!,Z(;ST9IJ68KX:Y56&L@"F%C+2J1 M`U,P^M>RP&MOHJ*T(DCOX40+&LRJ'@P>\D7K1BGTY7#M_@`HP'OW'*X-'`&F M4("MJ%4=!ERC-HZZG-6$Q5E.HP?4%YQ#GFB3-TK&XUB7\FM%F$:SZ%9;L_\K M6M,]B]#W7LK>.P#87$U/DRT_XN7[^Q'ISIL'[SR]FKKTMNU)=?-08QP-JVX1 M(*`` ]O^&15)VQB4][@`I%Z.,DS1(Z*!*W^::*?_@%H6PG?S93[/].]CK?3@ M;/Z# (%\*C0*]3`R8"/Q45K+B);U&SR]-,]%H&%3!8PS7W:)RV8"MM9N81HB8P M#GJPTO)&7\$>M7K9HDV:`Y"(\I5W3]`HH;V"N5:$*H:3>+1,X;M=%!XM\2"9 MU;)K2N1ZR(J0+3\]G6(/,;@#FW!4Q-#.0+OE;03*AL,EK''XL$[0TE@7_?*L M-M5K./$S]O@MYP\7?RHE>66RVUY8X\1YC1%!!V-T=IH.\3W`CV*A5P8CU6J@ M>8M6/*EZ..HQ*HA5KRVMNDXV/=GZL=^Z!=M)+44;FJZ1NR):&04)1IT/*#,) MR"OPL&5,.AJO!7718!/C8U88NH?RP/#!TL+/LR0R)G$T`JB=:Z4HD@4ZUG\O M$P1(NYY>09QI"27T96!=0("6)>H8@UVK8"?^=E.W;%Z7RJ24@7ID1CZ, @N\W7](/Q`ZXD&@X1+^"X*YLT2Q]^7`&`YD$@;@!D0.;A0[I5&31R@4"A MB!=]M$VJMBZJW0DM)R-\CI;^]^A]ZXX]Y-H!6>VO9 41STL&?CENR966U3MM\N5!O^.M895WNUE7M=Q82` MH])46\&7,?0,V\WV*\SEAOUJ.27VGP&.N\FRK\:=/K"B`U9+7Y#'@)4@)"DF MY:;W"I2^,;"UF"3Y:`-L;;2=7=N;WA? ( '!2/"J#KA8/B_/:4LI8[YZ[T_!-@R_MVM;>%MS$ M:7;_5HQ`^&3(7Z+ UJ:?)I%%G=]OSW^KOX\^9ZLIZ@ MX:KYS(:KPCIW0U)^:4AZXDYHG7=KFX;]O^Q=6W/;2'9^3U7^`\LO>9&4OE\V MNU/5W>A.>6O&]MA.JI*7*5J";&XH4LN+;/W[G.X&0)``25&B9-FCJ9U9B2*` M 2>OU[ &S MI*U^]^)=M?#/;/I'F*?:9[@_H6&^P"(^3N,LI*1'FX]^@29[T*C%CP!-1OD) M1\=K2G_NBQ^O>QFH?Y!W$? #>?EN2SOTYO'GR $ M=B'R1.BCH96]!**?/Q`=XGU_WD"$]8E"1T.F>"[+^Q*('L]N]$L@VFE0[$23 MHZ$CO02BGSP0I:[6=!#]$H[@.BE.,$4OX>@E'!T`A+1Y I^&(G._ WR M3/_(K?/ZR"-QS4A2QH?/W=5/Q 8BS09># M^_A9]5/!0/1QLY:K8KD15D[Q=X&.B$.K[V932$-2I_63+.7186Q"Q"C)G?S3 M]/\G=1M^[EJ-R#ZS>5E/S4^;X?O.V/5\^>D?H-D9FVE1CZA EN6U8?I29^6 3..F1\X.(-Q0ONAC-9\OK:(#Q:163S0.F+7"!WZ:S M %;="2;+QE>9.:O9.H\BSMK(2G+B>7H*=G:^@(#2Y# MICIC[JQ`P]:_7&,[#"-W-Z-YC5"1YRD_IX&O!)N1@3!&"?`*DO CB\A@@IEHE*2E24?Q#$\. &.5],__S49-9@?\T$QFB]FT8! J$)NJKU9M-3:.UV,0.L7TSC@]/'KM#U6?A`_ 4:_6B?C MO#UF&8>R=C1J/CA*UB-I\-PWY>)R//IV,G@].3\[&7PHP=[SP-G*.1\IG7)Q MON7-]*R5&(/IG)[?G")$"#_]X$Y:OC>NP;P ,2X=?'XSFHYK]Y$]VV5YD5"4YBN!Q`6K M76^D#J+3U6@^KW`1MCUGE&?& [ Z7X9`V]6_@-B_WD9;V^6GY=P'4$GU=!B7"KX\^>,1]=" MU8,O?RBO%WETJ[*='?Q=36L(H.$XS1#.*C%%8IL'Q*=%6)IR7NE#%FB\280N M@A@81\,:IEIR>0N.(E'":TK:WE*VQ_HK LO\+-`VDRY:P6B\& :G8-W@++CMP:4+H7E&N YZ&K.J&.12)![-VU$X@F6-8M#]4H-*-L!\;5"@B#$)-'^&;'*%?[?"NOQ4 MCD?E394CK& %G/G MHV_[(B[\.[H9IE1W2[#]L(0L) /1[YC_H]@&5Y MU/RDQUO#$U=I`&N18ZYGHW%-4';!=Y3:VE+O(REEQ2D_OYF.03Y#>.KMRLU7 MX1$^XNU I;A^:0J@P\M'HH5#X^6M0SP:4Y6"%94ZQS_4@"(.#60J22+ MA0@PC="`L?+9&EL;RP;5:F: Q:IP",8):SV\`D\] M;^'#1HR$\C+KW)8'YVP':G1PX7'`N((2K('9P+^W/,-Z?54'B_B\!#0[V^(V M!I]F KO)!::, CV#(G'6P).M:%I!Q-9;`B=5(A=CXPHL;K8 H6^M[([-XT65"6*;GI19BV`! E)>0Q`P3 M`&2$`US;BTAX&,O;00([FR^F\-]8N0,3L!:Y[!A-+FM.TN9+E7Q`V@`"+5>E M>SL@1+-O^82$M#@N,_+N5>2I!G$`-1\G_#WX4HP)\-&7$LKT^F:)I/7MB3K- MNRBOH@[-:H*VZ>AD/2 ,%I]!"-6VS=VI`WM->CLK@=5E&_/ACG2>_?S9W_UW7)XTW3OZ M-OIW`T`?-?"=* 3"U=NMYV#$D+>=@](#(1]A6>T8O.(O__HO@\%? MV]=.)Q^BNW3#ZYCKI'QF_KZ ?^FI[/CWF;4+:_2TE&\TWWHV'DS=0-:?+ M('!\^^/CU^G':L@5F(+?TL7Q>_G25ZFLO8+@_;=7I_S58'0!Y("S.N62^,`H M8L@IY(+'6CE)`[)8$$$8>@52'F7R4ZB9O_H%["#^LR[1@Z1R=*&RW]FC"]6/ MHQK>5:XA$*ZDT]BJP##S2DM:R[7`N$^N1#]KN>Z4#_RX)N%WRQG8][SLE]3K M-Z$E*F$D8T$5FAMKM":($-:HH!9%GZBD`L7%CR&J=\/9VUDJ/2_^.X*;O2MG MZ59=X=#?V7:F2"$L5X0QIFC03A5.B 0/A.BP!"C7 G 2@I(D>B6F2(8> M>KD62&[3[@/H?;M )!B>5M0A8P4N*LJ9$)K C\MLGTURDNLC#_YV/1=F'4V@(138DCS!FID2UJ"1+I M_*M?-LK'=J&W!TBNKU]Z=^OO$:O-NW9D)1&?VK0CT1;K ]>2=BBX]O\UI6(0;Z. M6CZZNBHO8KMT>D+:L4QW/ UP.>74-Q#%CQ/+QQZ.-AH$NN;*3R_.RU]KY;3 MOEW&54M0:Y\Y\EAOQHXF +MY 0#= M=#?=1%%FG=6V"`$ XSX)MT8,A2NGX!NLIMN;(5#4`XH1K76!1 57+.QTKQ[RU;G81_R0==\M=/R.O;H M3(;Y1/]#?8#6LP759M*"JR!"!.&8P4Y8J`:J6I I%DJ1[\[8G1>.>EI8\/**8V:H MYE(W["FF4,>N(_P/J.TQ3>?QM5-(%T+A)!+6*EX$&5SM9:WV9)-)J4C M/-Y=.9$S$`V"*.!_,5;[@O!Z]2@AG3*+2>#X6*[E_HS===V`$0FEK>$0SZT5 MP4),K(,."J2CG%@)*#/%D?@C3Z. #QT#9V-:P9L2>0HX]P45#09#I?=#(>###H; CQ>&9IJ36"",%U2HH M2.4AFM6VQ'G7!U)&U49\WDW1`\G?DT4Y3&D00A!KL%2%]82&.L$GR':%K?AF M]OFHY._)4#WE(A`%X4 HE$[7T(>_&13>]$Z27^BT$/9#Z/ &0X(](Q`>E:J+,7(!]R[D[V@C:KAWM0GRO)AVL.I%Z" M,`ER5I8SB@/WHJD;E:&=Z$:A$.ZC?@M!#R-^C^25P9SS0G`/4 G#-+4$Q'1(0@1&D M=A;7ZP%:TV%%0PSX3ISLL6F.% .NP0A]R'.5J0FA/I7$\YQ=%#.2G*3Z"' M\ ON ::>MI\WIH'-^;0MLLDRW`H,_@\R/KI;ESC+> MM31`36ER!^AFQP3['8?R$U%[ER&.E;R+3?(?8F: 7WBHLP/697. M9=OE"/D-Q49!L*6@S`QTW*C"."T=6`87'2ME5= $J8)!?E];_E M;%K);/BY?'RQ%:%@FB!18,&(Q59)TI3(5.CNWOHCZUQUA(Z?N=B(UL1@[#&' MVIM!F@`5(38(ZB9*E`_VT JH#9XK;4!EZF]]L(0"-=Q']QK8>D6I?V..ON#.-?H`B1!5BJ* MB2P*K4ATKE@3C(A : MR3D:*`4A:U!8*,VE-[(P?7GZ6;N#[X[B.8Y,:7*NF)UB]LSU5 2-4V[G((/^N3Z?83Z8T2LN$5DG.3 8\753/ ,-]LYS"]D#TXX5EO)FMY%U=]I/B=`; M>^U/R O=,XNR$A-;(8% "H5UNL-)TLQI_`#>IE;),_8MOII-J MFOA-V=W?P'=SB#_2YMS:?)ZV6G,O$9@'4]H*!*&I]J58=8\1R.;0XUZ1/G`% MGFM(6I,B4UA!T>0E M)@-E"M4#*&"5NKO!V,?`3HJ.P\4>OQ^HDL$43`KJ@@J DK%%J=_#UZ.M2+Q:(Q"ZFNT M=-Q;"S^HNHU(2MSILSD%%K:P\3CT[[$+IKUQSDK$H9AG!HG`:O,&!\5[%@&! M!WA"^O>=%4..8()5K@"/'C"GKCZI%(0QWVG%.P4OS_HSH8/HKYJ'JB.UPZ:T M%&5&&4J$1,HBCK66]>FJTK+;VTHDXTKTTKQ.QOU(W36U94W0R'B(HD0H412^ MZ:+F)C:&82R'O3>K:T>2Q3)3:@@JBK+(^,$SBJ$*=7BJH`WJ `>1 MNID.[R74,40+CI0&D?*8D'+:M'TB772.G>Y"Z-;D 9.QTF,YZ#.V>$8" 1N4N[]YD_78XCBGXAR]EN8@&$0NMM;+@;1RVJVZ5 M;[VG.O`:8PMU@""%05##%THU[')%.[Z58+ZE/.AAY@% AC_AZO[@?PSYF@\\RH">!U=F,);4O/OE.K$7*&W% (&4 8>\F[\B\[5(CC$#5D:6%QMIA@ZFTS 8&\CD=Y$7LO-^EE06@PI9XD`??OU1U&Y>-P MNM,P@$]LG/]_]IZUMW$CR;\BS-X!$T`SZ3>[)\@!?'0O`B0[N=OD@/M(2_18 MN[+DI23/S/[ZJVH^1(FR9%D/RS:Q"'8DBV15L=Y=#\4C* WF:M0YRA-XA[6V` MCH#!-A:4U$5 TQ)"2A\[QSHABB\8X&!H'T?J+L6H`WDHY3C/'F;1YYMN7\^_- M'VTJ$GX@+=BDF()XE(;&&F @++DG+%LD-S'*QN&](=*\,I#5$QD(H99,0-'Z06"UK MW*EM28KFY\?]M_0;+FH/)Q.PX,T_SG[/\FJ^;'F\_1@"K'5"@)$3Q#B;:!K* MR!$KPB4%5KK>E^63:B M3$VT:B6?A11JW?2=!Y%=-3^"@SNE`T9%%,6.",/J-P(NUP97D0?K B"RR M/Z:-&AFP.@\DQGZIV_%&X]?=C1 8 M$$=T\QBT84)J`R=B]N!P:_%1B%-`VU;P36BEB"G88B88^&$VB%ALZ^(8:]9' MM31' *0%@=<> "6V BSDW'%=NN6)#H* M`Z(T#4'RD@3,1'TTBL/W'J:Q."&-MVD*26/P(YD_K!:A5+&358%=1"'VWJ(I MU.EHO$T3!S3`\E@)Z@V 3+)VV[IL%?"R9`2$4!\H:@A MQM5I&L>V0+S-TAW*%=OX6')CXY@*2XF.M.6!,?5`9T?7>SU6?,H32MXV71%0 MFJ@P9."G:=!G,7'5F$L1Q8X^:$'(Q^"$DK>-CRW1V((8$`G141PD(67UW%&B MUD=KK409ATK>_MLP.$1!L2.@@BV$&S:T=;B)>?-(O?IM&!4)>T##8K'QR]B# M4;B/607]'4#OM]/@$@G Q%JM["[RSX8?T/LNQT[?(CN."BVEC $BKV[DEX 9NI[OQ>N]O_/+UY -FW+!^,9GX9[,H2E'TW9^Q0,6OZZ/HZ&\P_7]MOQ6)0'$KQ>1*G MLQO "Z\=9R:$T3!R(3AQ MN+%*T%#J.EB-3=#JD?@`GC0_*F+UYHX_TF]X+18$3`:C Y_+I;?,O9676WF]>QMPZ)R!T%A&#T#_FL:D+JY+U 8BQJ]7)!`Q'\@H 4RXP+M2) M#0*KPB@)M>: '0 ^C+'?>?H1/'UK#`)0%N!=8V4#JJ_"JB2*N11QLN5@M\ M#X+WI*CO*E>)G7)$4^$45@YAWV=]JN$D:=D `>U+,=[`[CX34C@LGHRB"8)"[I#XJ5W%[A,TA['YNU'=%Q5(H$&Y#(@T4 M"&(9+F `NUHF,2*TF6G+ H.2`KU9 ML_%E-)E/>XTK9F4"/"LS6+T\+=.[F \)3T[BZ??BL63 4.(_(,;>Z[AKH/%[0+_>K_RRUXZ_,=B-O?]4Z/)8+P8%K]^ M%P[*"W!+=ME5WMB]VWN/`/R`UTQOLW=XB8\P;H`ILWS6R+?W YM\?8M[B? Q20URL>Z[S2BC 5SQ9 M^Z\:$8_6KQZCSQ/[#9V>Q6AV@XA\OL:BZ[U]5&:LI $2T2],$TXO:U5]O2P%W4FESTG-+`ZL($R5LC$A#P6./DV)%2J,)+* M;)C>(= FMRE./)9@@B U6EL MU)YLHPE?&_"P`Z0#X=_!PEI&)C$,)VF"!\KP5=094**"5JP'OPC$.>'?.:)5 M"QJI*.8\P'KFD"ZKCXAM;U6FW!"J#H`?QY3]GD\?F"FX7BBU.GF/0?0B28+# M="(%7C]5RQ8\8=K[%9F4:UW;C ['&HUU>&X"`00SVDG1&)!=]4TC)QK M)36Y%'+M5/6I !:[T8:\WL M0DS-+:&A,4X3&4E;SQS2Q+4&"W`2$'.,]]@N@5W;G8K5VR**@IBX)+8LKA?7 M*H"S!9 G\/'0Z)A@044"X:WF86TF-9.Z%;@S7&9\''IM M?8]$*NN,LS*('.X\9=9&51T@#]9[(#"Y*0D_!G^URVS7QM/JD&#->"AH8F+# M? *X^+%/S5>9;-]LE1:$MEK"DPO`Y]ED+0:@^"2"(;G3Q' M %2/@>I^OQJ,OA9?_,@*]7XK`;)K#(S&P M&TP7>5&\=54N5.\W:\QZ-^D,PC$,GH9%R@'9(H>WOX"8+LUS#..*H&L!$.>] MKS P75PU5T^O1\-,1.P2C]X[CV`X Y#TJK$CJ/8!ES(F3%Q1ALCL=9 M0:.[ `XVT*-+GZ#H\;Y $CL\H'RQNL 84G6BCV0 M%IX5D2%`78'4]%(_GZ)?UDGV9IA"@%"C>D%-T KK M]FFVBFO+%USR`-(-`=XADNM"U 7G,X7,Z3PK*@(Z*5-H*=Y#220!E]Q_6:\(#9?+BJ4E\*LO\RQAAEU MTAWH(5^]"Y0%P07\2QKYLMML-B\2JJ5NNBW&B#0*DPO&Q+]?+^8@U#4KK3`[ MTA>X&^6ZP27#1=:H$ZY5RB3U-]JB#IMD]YH;?@=>R+_@?M>@,DIF:^HPX)K[ MZ?B^D*XBP;=4-35(\([_-JU00GZ_RC+@:QS6MM11\+$`"97 >[#+]'KA4\QZR?\F!1=,T%>YRD&A]9>.A#^CJ0?$%88(A.N+UQ[UG:[^ M43+]L#$.QO\Z;8ZG*5+E]Z/L*X"!EFBT)"TV063WH#OP=&CNE7"1M_ 3C8<>G\4,=0)8[^((8(CF)?4G.VAMEFT3NP&"&U>*=HAJ U(9@%3.P MQ3FVW/A#H,=P2N%C3!?CX1&9!A^#OE$)XO TWU M^^,E3$$7A ^:-FHZRFQ*RP)HI8;)R+ M#+ T$ *]XW3!QDYS)4,C56A#J0U7]>0`'H2M$FXJ#67J8O"N*COV1MM8 M"4AC@[GP%5G`]?7`(LK;4Y"I$?I0K$M@3X?T+AZ7Q&HEL2G92 W_=J M778X&:[>Q?K2D=^R^ -DM?I+$6"5EC@$ ME*Q-"CPC>A=$UUW']Q$3)E1:&.:PJCUQM*8K ')*$O^YRD($[/D_M$6;=C1]XER%>>6XJS"=\9[^/?XF]S1*?W%0\Q M,$.+@^IGGYZ,GL OZ)K-$$/S .Y#Y,&V7A (XF!9#I8CZMOL@]6/Z;KZ/A M_`9^#82XFN;#+/\PP)+5NUGVJ?I'DT)XJP;<>?TOG(6`T$Y^?D?9NUX.KZ3X M4/_XQ_EP^ =S\"%CZ?=#A;%+#6F[3_=C(;@O1W5E^V8],Q,RCLF[9CTTIF4=4;^ M,KS-%^]-OO?5-M/%+)T,9S^ ZHU.!,]HFF M)Z?)I;Q]O.XJ[PW&$,S^_&XRG63O?JSQ/`=3G$_=7)SCU>F:MZUKJ#1]RE2G M:SI=T^F:3M> PH*^U[%3-R>*JUQ4^E55:3PG5V66?"YU`M$2?:7TTT=I! MGDOAD%,;\\YFOV&1HK1O1"=2G4AU(G4T*]67YGC^WQN1J).EU_5+=Q!72SN; MQ9RGX3$./#: 5ZGSCIUUJFS3IT]FW=&^D*3YZ?9I;#/$ FEQ3#58[1AKB$T3P--;.G MXGY*4^J+ZX#LVAN[[K]+`O2R$>P*SKOVQH,*TKOVQHM@Q*XIIVMOO-0,0<>D M3V?2KKVQ8]*+9]*NO?%"O,T7[TUV[8U'U83%-L0YIK26N:[M":NG:L4S$O0E MF).+(=;KM F!J0NB_ET7J0+N55=FJ@4P.=&MBKPZ#/=="I M@3,EYEY\].`GCCTE2-W9D7C,(/596Q%-7ZMNZDV7`3IC!NCM"!>5?2J/UT'2 M25 ;[A4GXH3M3Z^W@D573ZF$ZDMUHJ0 MHQUD=!+52=2;ERC:I^K119&=1)TV62A??!G?']-Y.NX-BF*^+O+:/A*0]14_ MGC5[[;%7E]CH$AO[%+V0?D"[^="=='72=0+I$KS/S?&FU+UVZ7KKT]>3[#H# MEW!XAO:.MUCAW$7X'?]T_-/QS\OIL'@KQ5/[MUZ\06?R/25]8TY?XM%FDQ=4 MJ_KH%N,NDNLBN;V$3_ J_ M/,&B03\XGDOY-N2G2P.\98EA_4`>;4U\)S"=P+QV@>%]JH[63OTV!*9+%%Y@ M8?TK"J=HGP5GVPGYQJ.M+M5Q`?7&KTAVN3I;97\GN9WD=I)[7#IJ1MD^A#P- M\2Y%%O&Z9RP8>RV-!,.R;NPY!/3%R>%[3OKD?$:TLY5=BN>M2QQC?7*^%N]. MXCJ)>^L2AS8N.-HQ12=Q)\W*OG0G]/ A@&[K=/')M^KV#JM65\&W=;I MKM?Q`ER/3IMUVNPP !R]'[/9`'I>YA#L M3F9F#\A'M46WN2M+CB1WC_?77Q4IV7++[Y;==C A?JQA0W_3\Q0!K$2VE&?DPX;=`*JK\ MPX^[;IM\(3KN`K 80#O><>P'5Z.I=%\.D]AI` N,:48KDN+S$JW*C3/"R)_&3U]F2]5&`";"-?\5QTLD5LB`4[`O8=0I M`@WL#:N*8.&RPB_%(RW)@#W3`/Z8S]-$NB,(PF]D5.'`R/FX)K#L7;[,2(5C MQP\Q35'?+''`5A6C@B2(UP;V;&%3TRZ>@EZN^-H4P`CW&:Q:LMS#;$TKI32^ MHRFM%D#=-%[AOT9?F'8&G/R=3F-&XUY8YT^*W#,S#F]$)7U:D?^.9,"ZN*X5 M9T"V\#4+DN^D&`%?,94SG:7Y@@`W5?GH=RF?(1N5%U4>MCUT>EVOP05AEX=R MOXH/K '>K_0HW)&%EN`D) 5S-J[Q8 M2&/>FZ-MEV']F!VHO[HCZ`RL^PN4N5#C/$TAWMK=P6H715=X.Z>1:_7:88F/ MPX!97[S6.VNY#OD)!^#G]J`9.&QQNLXU^,QR8&YP1R1-ZV=^>B>_8Y\A;!TU MGS?0X1N=PAK\3!ZE+_DT[F20'FE23>!?P*D.I4%0TWA6DH_-/S\^C7Y70+7W M/E HJ@?E$Y];V+3R@0O$D$C]OW?['C-]O3 M5?9IJM,^4G5N.7RC*-=]^J:3E7H&N=BG1Z[=[_(TX>/\&_Q8*5QS8U SJ2] M'>473"J8]%Q,>O#E, +P5Y7J,6.*SXY MD%"?*XRZAPQ@Y2$P.R4'\.IZ:"H:1`^]Y>*OA1W.;;F%@7[%(F$/9*.WQ+^0 M""$1-R\1ZL#I;[_VM4B$2'MO(>P7)CWX%[1*.,XA2*^G@R/>`64:Y[\LN\LU MYPL*K[>!U14)XNU:L= C.WP>@#U;Y81_Q7?[)"I#,N MD *R)!6_JJ'I4+^\ M5T$TO9V]G::W]C-[WIK.Z^R8*EK"7H=3>:U-NJRWWA'61:.RHJ'H"OMRO"AZ M&8JNL- M]Q8L1/]S%)4E89I%D);NSZR4]Z6NA36_[ M+3>UG2++`\WIK7?>M:PEOB \596#)O1VUZ[+"# CM>J6W(3$BQCJD-R[OBRLBK-VMIY5!CZ="7KT/*"(L$6$=$V$Y`\4QA72) M".LP`IZM.]/-2 VW`+12#5HPUZV7/LYVAL 9= ;VAAJ7G 5?M(RC MYX#[9(K>!.>)B/Q*RT:$EA1:\IS9#WE@]GA]I%"2!WJ:5]YQL,W?YV_JMZGQ M`,U&Z3S9D"PY .!O\1!VF:]K%O'M?Z^.W`556&1K^XCE)8-SJFL(AQ*37)'57F1QZD MT1S6%X:M(XCF9^5((CU[C65SZ+S@(C\7?M,9*A==-YC[P_:U8^U7B.3G&=/7 M ''*DIQ?)X1UXF0].B]%H(W=VJ2-?;&N?K$W-DHZ!>H!%B/.R*BB#R1= M#"7I4R:1!YZ7SNXEBJO$6KPLI"J'9\%X_D'8PF:;$P"#>M6G8(478(ZSDH+M M1@Y*4RE^B&G*^H3.\I+BG(QJ&;F/V0?R``\#@PQJ#=^`,(O+2LIGI.!0` @,P)![2DH@FBL8^>49F5;2(VB4 M%LM-8=6EE/X.G`U\$F>@L2K\!P:?WY55G%44N'+!6'-3I^#'?)XFTAUI^#[A MS)'E4@DN)"C&$0PA/6S8Q4%`\!YL\%N3X 8'[44^Z(F4I\4'K_C^&7H6%9RE\DIK50LQ% -\7E03Z3]`W@KH6*\N)QSX333' M):T7$[]+P74I4VZV $N.$H$+N8L7C`F!ML&HQ`Z8XP,7NY$>J35!)X`*DD+ M(-C>Z*W5Q_&X$.ZU^;Y YO.,T12BB'+78J$`72S,U_2>[6"/CL;! M2*C.4.T9"3IN689![;N/XP>8_0Y4.@7A&U5M0[(\9&3]"/IO/.9!,/ SV=.MZKYV\S*H[+"Y.X M04HQD]!DX;BL"KL([ZGZP.FO]^^U,,?5&L=;E[H#8^'>CK**8]4O$BC?QJEI MTQZH6G]E>#?--B+$?FU>_\VY$N\U9R#WYTL(/_YMA^'7Z>"_GE@ M M,)#/,9`EJ:J4X.F8DIV%00%%88SGU20O^#F7 @=V$$B7P' M$#)>F'.W8)3[].4KKV" 0@52CXM/3F(L7R8/-)^7Z8+=6I\2 M7'K4X!$E:2*%,$=3(Z7*LLV@A7^ #1!# VCVJV&15]IX M["PZ:_'B)G9[PKD;68ZR*6`)[V'*LJ?*S!?5%(`1 1LH1C%,D M?4VYQH\QK9;Y^'PZQ383O'R.4^5S/3*,-H)15@HA*L!@3FC)RVF]/"Z2&D"^ M&(KC6"V.EHT!VNM'@NTN2JY>V_R.]GX*P&,+@M\(5B3E!S+!*["7:TN"CD)7 M"-!C0-5>V\[?Y@4M$SK"W];(#K14UA7)7KIN&K/LAZK=8*YO,OX/^(=UZ`6, MRCI72/F\8MY7S B-_.@VKD^=4K-]#[IQS_DSIE%;\ M3=:"@S*;6N89J[H#P:Q[IV`]*[YZ5SN@.^OB1JQXK]5D`QT95G[7CD$SH+=4 M`78/1)H"R2:H.?Z1/X*+4H`0XGP`345Y4Q A5F6'01YGR-=WV($F(;N9J_G_;W^=EQ_NXWCV\1/SID'/!+0 #+^#+U$2KZY\'\% #JN\$U/,]2P\BSK M@FNKAB6?$5QM-[AZ9.FR8SNV'JBVIYF19S;@.G88Z$_!-6S34IX![F>(\T:+ M) J1G9@ KS'4,D]HVUA>>,\ M8K^C$9UQ]PQ;Y8#.)O^9HR=4+I4B"^A(LNRQ!=_7C;?0-LS+QH=B+9*8G]5D M'Q;2E(`7A][1LF?C&AQ8[=S2FV"1X]DL7>"(=?N)VK#DQ6)9AEVRA\`(,"N2 M-TV[N!,`GQ,ZAKDX#G 3VV,6(J,]QBC12M/PU4^VW1NF5=LB+;J49:R&O`LV=J4J/9F>.$Y&MU- M':B>0H.=2AI+2+,6D6C9)BW-&LHWZ5K>`H19X64J&']@A&?$258U[U,PB$#D MQCW>!!B;+YF/L-2>C@%W=)KC8C%@R[JQ)Q8+?K/%NKW$+WG*JUY8WFJK]@6Q MZ 6CS^59GU.?)C1A =QJV^1E+ =F0-"(`!=-(=-I ^ MV8+220XZ&@A\1WB72]YT4)K/`/U5WO()ZRRI?=C>WF:>71D,_)YP7Q,F^DIZ MZH_W,T23DM*] N-U;G/,OL%``(9ASA&&+8^]6==.RKXTGM'J?-:$Y,F#R0P5"IB`P7=TT M5 M[C8TV7`,U_` SW8[=.19N3Z5A!I@1RJ!IC9R%RJ"]\V.KE(U5'.OW;P1;VY]J5I>KJ)*?_U M!"^CG1)63=GS'$L)5!\0`?&R;,T(P`2XNF&Y734HLQ3K?L2ZL/6&TAY&C'S+ MT377-#VP4Q[H=5M?+I42:ETO2+/U@Y3A&5':HSH`="TTC%")5,.##XHCVXUL M>8YA=E"R36:N7A*E/0)EJJZJ!6YH*U9HFJ[M>*'6K)(61MU5LN6#U,7!&)'R M ,9@6-;=)\U>OXD;)A;0& 'O(ZH/=]RU? M5AS3CV1X06N,C"%K>M354[:]30V?!-X>V?0 G2VLB%-\W M.XQLZ>86/MX"'2L/:LJ$/F7N:,22OY_C!>\.>22\BB?[*KC#FN:XANZ[EJ;J M#;RNO\$UMK6NS=X-T[-1V,.PFFGIAF=IAA9Z?N38X/@I#0J*$W9(#J9;42^, MPAZFUCS#,#13CC33-4PO4"+'7Z$0R4]1^*"#`>@=!3P\^\]6>OY87@)#J^N: MXSBJ'#J!;]EFL_MJJ)9B*AU> "Q9S5"T"\!1(8*:!C?,17/7F49 M%%/K1-*.+9LO@L C 2$KF-"`&"JIJW8KA5"$-=(1*C)78G0 MM7V6H@M5'WCLRX8$9JB8G@JKH$>*%LJ.L;07@:EV5@. $'ZU_`UUQ MP1M4`L,*3,LRP\AJ,K)!T/4%#57?:T@.`_5 :`$.#;] E6",M"GS=URT90B!P*FW?:YC7"(R.P_,!%.@^I7@R MPICPBU,_GT[S[.LD+DCI5E5![^:LB/!;[N?9`REP^_:7 8S$V`/H\N>$YG@H_N> M[-IX4@\\CL8G T^VVS:RY:\0P1UT`BB>VEF >KL6YT3;3C_BQ[=?.;KVOL7NV9&Y:9?]FFUB$@& M)%00LB'E\D!"Q.-6U* 9>+!D-J4NXK)5A`,$BW80&Q#>XE:VBP;9. M5&7)P[VR"&(53Y^(2`*V/%"\ZJ.E$+*31L#"$6D8MA4(#@1OCP`&3(*;&WF! M8J"#`BZPD#5X8)`;?H:N5:PC_#G@[>&(F'&B0A*#8""?>YH+@CI6 1U9&E;O'7*A+\@L\W7VTK[&&-W80JC^-81D(@$L2`VSJG2J*X MV3K`-M-Z*T#/AG\/N[IQK)@?$=#+;N`+(0DC 7WBRR#T.>40LX5A;?B"`"*W!I]@ M)#=#NRFUO0NP?46!B%`4^LB3,5)$83!'7NV(,TD;I5FMK#;S\*&`[7,4/ ;I15GPH8_OUK^*WZ\3?-$1]&19E/C>7XD17? M1C?#']\BW:?Z99R-RCA[2/\WS IV.LG&N>]V*3Z8?>/ZTC^/1 M+;S\7C_UZVR2FN?57S;^;'MM-@X(Q4$0( "56"+D1 W(>4BK)HA@/GK`GX&,E#F\>IH,/R6E=BAG85*F7XV%/>"B";A]3)?'&(2U MG)&02#6GJ^L2 @`/_K+AN`!FAWFMI3\#,'EW8P_GL/KG9SC_:LTKP=_ME\ M`_1M-EK@;+%S];'8N\SSW#;N;)JN+Z)N2V)/"(,G)\K'6UQR*HQV$KM)3F;R M*,:T)\5E@GIW^OOUJ>GDQLSOJK1T=>?=CM;A]JK]Q==JW]=Z=:M6J,0]1"X[ M32\>XB.39&96[>9TV,55?&%7 ;C=X_;US\@GWFL)V5' MNT4.P>A9 7A]:K31]U--QTX]IHH=)+;=D?*ZG)WTT&WV^ M@DGX?%._8%N-:5Y%TW-)@3=F7X;)J%2C0?37-)OHY_JS1L7M([BX_C0;:MG1 MO8(?[O6H%@O%6N7N?])D&!75G4S5[T_OIV: C=@)%=T!E B[\NQB` M277]Y#() V;Q==\Y/K&B)ZC/.+KGE=?G27*#07&NU2BV3X M%%?ZU77A8=S#+FY+ADZ%SEV;Y8OU? ^ H,,JR,WJ\]?J M1GR D5`H+($$(7=9''/>7`Q#4' S+,!X&JB[FHI"@4+7#WS,O (14C)T(XI(2*6:]V6YD?`Z;Q]JR3IOSFAKK-A;#AHO.XWT M(;T_; VM7EQ7ZKV2V4AO\AU6FVQUR\'_I?E8+TZW MRP(-E?I+5!II*CD#/8%FY#2'O-@9+])YJQ%B/Y:$H%^;A*Z_P[^^TVL#]>;A M[,$`-4SZ] ?;GJU?]\J][5G^C+AOI3:Q" #H:V*\ 3G2-Q3-\LDB=6[@5X4#&FX,9\T?TOG6^HJ6-938 M_;5P_'&2F[V*89:G_7* R5:YT6QY_EXN\-8?%^51)Q7]@UR1=@7L+4!OEQ$?[0SHBK9[!KT>>:+G MFU6K5\V%WE1?-EAI2M+23MY9GK1+Q.VVUB71-W.500Y&[VMGP_:S+FF`A=0M M;>+TDZ%AB.N[M%YA;5G_?@R*1"\TU9F/:KLLF,,5@4N6MI@NUI"JTFZ.!AM? M= G-H-2JW?GM#SVDP M0+F8J:*+'S652]],'P4R:1_G;[VZ5F\)-Y=C]&L&]5)@C8$"R%_H;WK5$FZC M(_4.6_WT00+$=1[&0W#N'6MXM 3ON MCMS0DRP=QOB*MS,=;`&:619>.L,T* K&`&#"4'R4Q;6&/YDI:! M%LVB2&M`U]OA@ SR3K5Z, Q^X*,$&OYNK T3P0A.#RV#M>= M[ZG50%EIY//[N+QS-")^6/54KMPG&/]=R[)1H$:A?0>RS*_>:8"+I9LROVB! MU[=WLAOG)D]!@ Z$MQ]^'V:U= MI0R`ZSWC9CNU@:F?%'?6O>IKLP(0#.VN\6%U'65FOJV`?=L@Q#NMR -I67/$!NKK.4U`EMTA1MN&H_T0:0&ACDP,_QE7Q!RO=CCFYOR#H>T4 M4'NK/9*11HW91V] EE4X;"U1HW10YMHP?TK)KN`!OX=6L.`V5 M#JKTR7;/"'1ILLQAQJMMGS_`K1" )_F_(4R;CV/58V\, M1AH(J;Q;;?_L=_,C@_YN71JPN/*\EBD-*MR>K1W[C>7Q,T[RBJ/_ \(ZJM3]7Y,.V48L&T-;-EYGI1;?%.3:2DUQTV( MZRX^64_2G>PQ&QG#)Z7)6@]8/7KE'2 /*E*V8-' M,JGFUEE7V8K7%/X&(-;OF0 &8]$[_*G=F%M$5ZG[U/1J.I#IJLRY-; M/^`,U(LV^QKV>TV63\EL69D8+&W2,AHQ:0+NKTX9]HPGE([TU>T-#S$:"5EZ MG`$^?EMP3)[6%`8>_QM\71/JPO_KE+YCJB 4\]RS'3*8Y_&%19^_JZ+C.S+7M,"/ ZS\_&P:9)\"V&F&ZD6NL=H#SWEM>J'.UK=.W]7,_ MCKZ]ZN-EFW"?_#M];S"Q;`4F.:C-Z?W5T[,PG;K!9^>T:^+ 6E+ MH#9EM.PS65DSB F/K4*T L(_:J-),F4-M0\\Z J_X6^UFW"CSS(=+:*BP5%B2=9R^\1S:B_G9?5?.B7*KZC+6\J)GA?F MN_:WXO1[#H[6;(./U5)WX*,[@_BQ&PB/=3++O>V (XGVY(Z M;;L7ICV(-V9;FOFYY.GIN>P%LG.=(&@E/3=7.=C@1TUOIW!6O#,;5__(YB3. MC3.22QKN&&FX^V3671*N=56W2+[-%Y]N2[6-:J,U[W! 0@C"_W/>?>`_A!"RR0SH?OBF?8)Q7R/3GVJ MG\=+[A3:LU)X5=37TYRI%;@II]E6),V/BT:OGC/,[L'UKRSARI6&7^#'5?^ TTT_S$E@1'I..BE\=,Z:KZF1.]$!B>)MNJ4W?Z]$8 MR_ Q,U1#>I>:T!U/:NY>:!)0"168.O/UQ_ MIWY+5JZ^NRI4]C3*DI%%/%C?PES84&6C)9ZMEJ)-#=+T(PZSE4:R0H?E#^D( M("J>WEISD> M*H1=\>YR>.5ZRT,GN:L.%5B5>;.>Q*7`\()YQ$ME MK0UH?;`L`VU?_YJ.=6:Y:@DUX8%1^4-MU;1E?$BK+POG;>*8&^\.@5],IJ5I M/3=MP3 W_SFHMTW&Z["R>C]!KZ]=2@82TG\H"8]]Z'0>)MF_C M)8UIX-;+T.";=@((%B:IX;/A[&=Q)%;2YVO[*]J =*& 'C;56T[Q_5R6RK]-)::W>[ESVTN^L FZG>GJ@^5 Z3 ME[9#AQ?,@)RJG&Z+U=O+@S`L6@Y#=G/?YH&MC=%\FZ?W?:D M M`B4H$IQ+YGHAX0%% O]F872MW&@] M4NC)(>9[@U,=/2X%"UG1W;[0KD:P=)HN.C_H+[M93VPWJRN.O+KTZ+M@C_UW MZ+*:]1RF^E]6LUY6L[X4[UWV97:ZFO4%T'=AQ5?%BJ]M=>OVDO(SL' 1=IS MF=L33':.E5.A_Y/R.) ?6O0G4?'3(TOK7N\J2]9C'>Q@].F#[6=99GEX,>G*&^?5*!>T1(7H> M E\EP=ZMS-[Q&@= .0]QB'LQ>3E ='N$DQX6^.5Q>A:\UZ+K M^9_FNL_&WS_J:N".>W_K%P6+(AB;_=?IJ#_[DIJ) Z+WZ:FQ7[YGN`' M@C#Y'5^'_%OUA&\?L[+R_P)XH?J1%=]&-\,?W_X8964ZN"Z3,BW"#/S&K%\& MXVE>QN/\MW&N[_&.ZL\_WP1`DYMQ/LJ23Z:Q?\/C]:.FA7E!_64%[N(W]H_? M.(.TG]TGPP(@_BU>NM&( ?:.12:3BX(TS!;#-48?)W\4T M*XMO-]DP';SY)U[&\CZDM8-D J*("0T\D@0N#[C/D&`38M5/Q3, M.R&LDNOP/#DWC*)0(1=Y+@X\[`?,%]3BF`;`T*?$N>0Q.O@T.) 5$0 M8L]WE AL.; =)^ "**L$\)!N\Q M%BX2G-80QCB,UB$4R,52=`#AG'N-;.B8U)\6F1X^=9W>FI$J"R$R`Q5'B1U4 M=5W7')I B7T?!2P.:2`"$6,5QUY]/-]%#4*>Q+$>2[N0(XPH`AT5(`J^(F6(U@J* M1#Q8/QR!7_!V:4>/PZ4 ,DX,.^5M:@O=[]T5OQ!ZD`W_V1Y$./HQB.TEP=*OT[$'P4M/B8-\O\E$L MA&0BD@01B862LL[%^(K*)G7D*N2/AZV],^WQQ5SE(Q50T'01\FC,41S,@W0E M54-O L0-])'UP. M3\L552AD'JJ/18(0-8_%F,O0BQ]KCV1)1`6(E0LG"Y#O A6"2OOBA]NG`V,4A=3V!HP` 4B9@UY(8(X7H- M.[L`X"#8]F5_&%C]F#+?5RSFL?*C,)AG+B`L;#"*"U^T!-H> M_[/WK;V-&\FBWR]P_P-A),`,8/N0S7=R$H#//0,DF H&.W0\V#(_[PZY/]61=#4S?EL%Y,UP?7-0Z1^VB5W#0#=P43AER@:9B M:IY#`DMV-9\$8+$$C92U7/FPC*W]3GY_R@SV%&077=?#T+61N/PFV.-:2@\V M4Y&5GF&U/^Z?`LVQ`E!(`)*G:K8-]K=O-'0?@G.T"IJEJF9/CN]/]T]B3;,, M10ZMP'1"8KNP6T3LJ&I;@:;VS&Q+(\.!]N2&&H;C^1J1?1+*O@TB0[&M&FN6 M9?>BX,36!L.:]KOZ)-943R&!:[FN"IZ^%KBJW(1JB+)4C,)=+K"X],%`4YX" MC;B>ZAB^;`0AVN2ZK_NUWP2&GM?;4%U5E*%`4Y\&336]0%,,W5`\D_A@I9$Z M9:\9GN/W`UQ&W_G>&[(G]U,.''";0Y6``65AO,+0&Y-86QODM\A^BLDIRSR^ MJ5@EWN?L0Y2#2/;CI,)V\,\ULUS']1UP>D-#4PG E\1.P M#;6B+1:0`68\*$XPS!0[!)/`"4BS(I``/8,7%>A3%L(15K3%W%1 >0_GS.X M0;=DS]!E`U2&:6JVJ8>*X3M@T.G@]LN>=M3!# 1F\)]ZNMW:*_Y8L%D^ M;RZ +>"(9LM'O-[H/VJ2'NWAR)T6P]5, L0LHH,#NVJL%`U6 R>_\6GUL]IYLFUTY%F M.$E\'N,$G]LLPWGBN530_)[-[L'Q4#5& 1>5\-Q90B=L\E=G2`D. M:(JG+%Z`K\ND&[8"&M^SL6UPH1A?QT>79`7MO_I:>L?&&-+9C(^T91?S.88X M-"_+&;I8=1;<>4-OXY1-)>-GUIO&[(K.)N\8UQ(X+#CO:2H&Y,&STZS$!\SC M$J#F8^38]G#NQ$ER`'BT6"0QP)W3,L_:^;JX+#:&D(]RXW#4$]-P&E+>NZ.> M^`0HG5=)Q!;%E]?L%0YM:V9@3 ](223B!/!YZ7QIA*?#E@F;)` U&)9O MN(YG:IH&N^`[2DBTVJ("(]'NK04L9%U_A7UY/KVYKA 2DHBBK#N^VA65UX)>;E/N6?VFVK:F.;!N:X\JA'I!`J:,&FFKJO2#J ME2H;/=98#\O>(&]+45DZ^$1VJ#$?5"8:U@6)T%5`C!X+\/S4(0'>%@U65=57 MB6P3WW8 X_=89*G(4O#\Q 46_"47/ZM]\/N@+(/\?GE_ M]LJV&+(3&!:10]5239!UONPUPEUSO%YT49-!(BY'/M>`L0> +8: I?7-`-4>N"I>F";MARHFEM+X\"T M@I[>(":KIUH'\#IX7@3Z&MKM@JY9EAD$@2MKL```20FL^FQ4H"A]J4Q8>OTX MH*\AYR[HJA*`)Q)Z"O&-@-@FX9E.%@.V]+YU")>\`/3\-@*/@I\,:*QY^."D MTP_ J>?!PT)#1GUZLIXMP/K2^FL^C_!&]JPX*E^)!`HF# M!8*.'-[R:3')X\:'K`L&AXUK'6JN*G#,+(F_7$H@ 9#EH:.88P[*=ZK8JRK:G!K$O) %V M%GF `7K(\F1:PZ"8/Q8XRAI1)'$O`81021-Z'Q>X!?`1 M;OB+!QJPA %`IG#KRG.8>=CZG'161[?QCCEO:"(C4MIFDW81&\Q5!UNG]&H!$TC MS>)D7@`?_"HV'Z0EL%R)0=-"FE?\O\`5.$T]+2_AWL &2JK$*E M/Y_3'-5EP 9S2"W-];!W2`+2//H3J+Y\K,.J*ZJ$B7$1D` ?)W%0-_@;!,HUOV0LP8S:._*.8T M.6X9,8' @U3**K@.&QOTB:8KVVY`$,&^%$UF.BI` MK:..K(#].'XF >B2D1N>!K/,('.E"# (0#L,CH@L6B[X#^KF!I F02)V'3 MNQFU3G"O:;O7*X94E!0@#Q.PAL">1&M16*;( U!^7?+VH6`/1&1)9B[&BY9L.P5T*W *D$^QBU%LV>LGK*A:7ASE@ MD90VW+;D9S'SA,YC ;]*\[C-2M&&!=DNUZTOS-H"Q``:#2*-HD#6BI]!:%'UAJ M\9R*`$@IXCQ _T#09B+U 8JEM@&9GY8OP;44 MN8[3^J4%39)+5*`/=Y33=BD]9%4R978?)N>2^"]F*6..#HW$7NB@N5S$KZ;U M +J/^T+W-*_S`;!F(3&8YU$O='\Z/+E>\J\`[*[& E'.ZURNHP^93C%/C-X;5TL8(GR$ MQWP01B?*-&%OTAS/EC>P1+ D4IKE\RCAR`9:&,8VQU&= MN/3E`$VWL(D'7E;C_I=8/=0U[MJTQAQXDH6N:A0M/>^W++V:[/C,;&>3&J58 M$;=Y@]5L12U]!)`\/,?L9"8.Z$KR!Z54X]5-Z\UDXJ,JN!G I2\Y7+-5V5"$DPQ+UK?@VGI`;=4INA2XC)+((UR#A>M!, MS'CT&&1((LHSA$6*KN]BD6>+/(:O?]A_VT_. YG.F.6TK-%Z>?Z;A.E^T MM37I&CO/='IR 1\#_W=(L\>"WRRYM*U*6A,(5$PHWO#3H7B2)64"!IZ189H79'4O.YT0D MZS`'Q"WA54,8!4V=-ZX]>+P&U-)E)TG4I&)8N15>,(MS#-0LV]2] 1Y,W`)AC.IML6Q=QF?]APN6I(8VH!9 MI%$WC+KAZ]0-M4HH-NB$93G/\[]%'5#@\001XY"F%8LFL"*JIJ);PK)O\#.F MX)B(TM]YW90:T^(@=0M1((!*8C6PTCJ669JP,+V`[UKZ'RQD>DH-K;%"6RVT M1M[7^2EQBJ2CIX81K5F5#RA:)5&3MNST[Z']WLU08U TSK*G&0/'*55NI)L`PSBL4F>-V82CV4@L7*A%V5\4V X"U]VBMDGH/4V8B="F7#FU1)AS9 PB)^RYH"/>D!"(0"1SVDW)OM[31[.2>$=3O.CO/RM(78P;0YLE57 M:3;ED6-P]T02N/X__29U^POG_O/ WLH*D7GTF]47L4@V/FO9]^C46,)SIP#8I&QJ M*AF(M=CE94@1U@U.*U[TS,Z#L`,3R%@`!!Z$77IZ6UR'C^\^;CE@?XS$4A?? MW6>S^."6G!(6,3^=4HKKD1W[II0`NQ-V*AGO6`,K@T'L%NJ^=1OQOJF,BU)1 M> Q?D6MK@9`PR+OM .6PF=JAH9OF0#1K,[) 8#5A2STOQ75F8? X\6Z;FDC&KO=9 M ^T6E5.85.Q8@S2I>"L3+H:?,_YU3RKVDCL+'.MTKMIR;:/)75[U/T-0' MHW_@6MU3"KZ=K)UZT-6\QOFH=ZWO#?+@%VR5\0L[Z, =QT5:9;P F[?]RPR."G>?R MM,9N(.")(CI=/CF_YO7H^W6W"O8EOZ4K18,U)/Q=\(E;V\\#I%/@+_"XO++/ MV+5)>L`?:;8+I3`"X47XPQ'-2NR'YZ0&C_R\AJBK+>Z/[6GLPX@W,K!X^]AM M-]2A2N`2%O!G=A^KN5G3?J@)SR\]I3WI+/Q[5BD ,@4'39$ROE2 V.*!N M_%*?%UWD()OS..'J: -W011W3QE/^T*4Y8=]XIFLU`\S7- M8?"5%9[AI4C9>9;&$Q!N45ZFW"EWUKV]>2EP02:J'SHAK.:85]MZDG=A8:Y9 M9STKSU^3=.NX^IN`8>IA9Q=J2YO8Y:.R' ? YF]%M@_8H@I1= MJW`)CA7;%CW/Q2)A'@Q-(]ZNMHS*JLPPU08`\JD:;50/S0#AW7&)A1X[ZTK& MUW!#RP 9V4V. M*&&G_E*!Z::?2/X(N_&`[:-$3D+T%X)]F]9(V]QFCIE/W6*(!DG+SBS+Q3', MU\V&1%D\6LK"V!$MH1#QO%0'GB-@6NE^MPXP]KYI- 'BSTP@(* M;1>\*`$7G.4E>7LHOK,W-*6S6-2/BL/Q?&-%U4(=&L=>;"Q=UWK/B.I,*CI- M`]>]+3IJIY%::;9]SE%[#J;5,$9P=GIM()U`CBE/ZW!]PTO-&>UEJN7U-]V_ M+3*>92_JS+CH\;5!**]D)#%0T[XSZKZ-ET\#C\6LW=J&O@UT"0B``632#07/ MI>#3RU'`T"\1ZT>+%XAP%]S$9%_KTU\NET&5='*7LA:46)34]LVMWR36L82= M94&T01@+)#+7JL5=Q%M(I)WX9!>:!`-WV$!"H$9X_JC_;D%PE"PY=L1^\[K\ M_3#\S38TOLOX6:@;NM3IA35V`:E;)G3>UK9U30"&;=[ZHVEG`]YDE#"E45=S M@+; W:"4S386: M&3P`+%+;0+Q-U!TU-D"6B>;PC9) 5SC=Y$_"2Y$+Z`(O]=`= !3.J":C[C".L7*2^]G2^JY2HUOFXZ MO8HPN7S;/=R3527KE ]",)^C.8NZ8JV&\^.$O>-((+"R =PZT#]LN*_3-E5\@TW\>`?^NFDCZ^#/6W/#,HI. MP[]U22^/756R*A8TK0OI#6]SW9K&G: 1MX M]`O.@N+5^1R!O$-U[=#R_6E:@Z[?Q`C-)8S4%#_LS10M[=K[D7Q[6Q.S&0"8 M90;LW+-T*E)>X6+\W'VHR,0MR3"Y>Y!RL*.K*Y#SPZFV?6WC^.?ZA_[]CS=X M:BB_PH*!:%'0'^I?>K5YZ\^^ML DRJEM@E8NG425$D$"$LO@B,3]2JLWN?5"Y5ABM1]:$G1P:!EWK3 \5)D>W:+-=S.S.\&A5B:2-6 M"?]P%T_!%AO4EQKI\,ATV$] Q& )GP3IRV* +,KV\Z)K-+*(2_MQ&I51?U;>(*2)G97P%".>.TFG5R(@/IE0 M.IN=%,$>+D+Z="QK7^%Z1)R>@U8Z&61]O>I\I+B1XD:*>RW$/5_M+F/).G?U M^ALMZQ%VK^C,G0HVOAL:" (X >8ZK )>(4:GGWT*[%^K)? DZ%B$8W^'CB_9MC*=VZ5.R1I4:6&EEJ,);2+W6B MC"PU1FD.6T=U&`I3@ "OZMM+I.826M6MML,,+ M^V/L5(CGT/;#&(H99=DHRPZ6)KNV!\N5C[)LE&6C+!MEV6O),OE:/9"K^2W* MLI DGY%^SB A? M@_T]\!& G]DZ>V4=8 _^*&M&63/*FJ_A*-');_YK!P[/ MWGGJ-]INIB.(60B7S7SEZ,L^SOPW5T?6-#(GPVF\;Z28;`R2C7RUN91I.&]] M9*>1G;YU=E)L?>2GL=9YH!A\- HKOJV$O%H XWL=:#0HZJ9(W>-H DGY%^ MOK:BQ;'#T&AT'J2UT-=N=(XNW>C2/0-/`W _7Q)R6=K3&XB-SCLPY,N=SF%,>L(#Q6V?.;SZBV,M"I]7\AN9XVO-P MH B`'^5MLK#Z& MK_8W-499-LJR%T;[KJT#]>@89=DHRT99-LJR8PZ\(0 3V@AW>8T*L%'+>^B%'Y0J4Z"S*/\+UKRRUCCR[OV>!Y[[`/-*3QNDE13 M 39GU]1MCX!>)U7"3K)+48%_BG. WHM29_A4;,L`?$/>)/8[DI%-0>H8*WL #[* ^.Q[QL!?4'4\]6R"YLUM+6??+)>9"0WP%JGG5N84&SQ/`RVV* DS//(>O4Q*=["5.S3F:/7)F0B M*X.ES(Z-NW.+,8Q$NC^1#C9 *E'( KQ\3;H1)O7R=KC1VG3I-" M1M8Z>]:Z)/+8H7L/@_& P_%E,IRN9 MY3*38KB>"A.ZD##G*\WA+7?P@)NHB(MK27(*^#*G196P28KQ?$ZG "5\[!Q? M`+?E].\JSC$IG.72(BO**_%6L0C\?D;CL@(``=9/X`CT]FT?M&*+,JFORO=Y M%**99^%3%N*( *']_EM!-O`[O4:N."#DTX_`"H!'/;Q_2RL`?W4 MP.G'Q23)"D`Y7/T)I!_0U@1VT9E,0*#BYGR`YTUB6GP&RG J!9:JA["JJYI``Y':5QOQ953&]^%G1%5LU95GN M(*`'PO-!U)X`T7,4UW9EBWB^YCB&*MNJP4'42:!ZZBJ(1#:(J>P+XF]9.MD' M2CT@NAXJ@:*$;N`8FFSZ.H?2();F]!%I$]O:"&4+Q5Z`/K7CAB+;GJH$@:GI MH4N(ZYER#:CM!'H/4&(K1-L+4!2F.;T#SHKOZ;L4N(PZ]U& L`5'!L_Y&G\&"1T95L.7-NS%,^R--OR!7X SWR473C!/`39CE8 M3RD7 .2GHA1]=UX[R#+.RG,;B%+HKFA;GIF&!+%(T26'4.N,2M;5M`C M2],T=N/;KQ^U6Q1&(+MN:!NN[>N:&02>%09.;6;( L*!J! M`W!\6A(X[0M=E$;T(YTD45$P$W09H**&Z-D$JQ/=)(YI6\35#=]Q`N*&@F"- M0-/Z:ICHZDY8'7QI)X/1; 1T"D_^(\UIE&!$XEV*H06\_1]1G"(\O[)2 MOR?$!%@(GJ-9N@OVN1IJKJO5>Z";AK_&W-K17-\!&2>,U;7J80LN'=DR0EUV M= FK@R9I K[GVBC)/)L(])GPPWJ1\3PDFEY#S PN08;G@ =K*OQCJD%HP#W"$093U^L%%(UGN&VGQ,HODWB>ZOJ@*7W74T/3-QW9 M->H@C$P\MR_QGN6+[8^G(6-XG@GVE*^8LJ E!8D>' M"`ZKNB:[/O$#T&:^[2J!YYMU1$BSG%YPF!#E^4KM]5:_10QH@>(;CNN[@66! MNZN%GMYL?N@&/>=L'S'P>HM_J:K;!-"VZ('MA9;B>8:A$`5LHT#5U1JI"G'[ M0 I,L1EXO63#>=$J>1VD$M4)94 F>X;H@_$S##3R=--4 VE@YJ^KYM@= M\E_BZ"9.6`1[WUH9TW% E6+WICVD2V]X $Z*KRM$U1W349N*)%7KL>,5L*FUAAW7`;,WS-L8T=)D6PT"(&IBA0HA`&T- MLQ_J_5R,KJJ'!GE;/BZP`-&F%?I*Z&ANJ!'#KT$.3;7GH5JJO1?$'Z)'E@L* ML_Q#GDTHG19AGLTWUY-\N@,M4-)\_NPEN9@-4SU03&$0F*YFZ5ZS)$6U>^)0 M`^Y=,:CVA_9PJ]Y66P&K#`)=ESV+6+YCZI8A^$7UL"R@MVK0WZIV\JO>%I=0 M,.&IVHKE!8%#=-#@=76EK"FD9^0!?HAQU%4S_N"1!-!(SJ2,[]E3GKW!H4,L M1[5@.U7?MBW5,;0F ]X*^IN^[L)PH&7MRT#YA$/Q+UE6`08U51=.PQK MK@5]VW.LP6U2[1-:WC:AY(4$KPN]T`DUU_%=)ZP)59?]OCJSK)70T"#+>S_S MZ4WYKBBJ*)U0-)N>OU.ZZQ(-%+,>FK)//"L(#54Q`]\(##`G[-Y2;$U93X=K M@'D!U%LVP`]=+0##F'A*Z.J>J82R*:#6=:LO'XFM'P'H+3RO*+(=>J9JN#*( M-MM!CA=`FZYN])*9IFS)1T-UXU:R.]*BS"M\!/,XTUGRY3^?:!IG>6?>.YZE MX`YF 56S]2YLF"8UAVR](*]['[EZ4'^G%. M)V66K_%R]:XL4A1+ 2KKX(,9>$Y! M14O 5E72F=Q]Y!/ *Y/DY4W?[V5BNB>CSV!! !^GF4DGB.Z"MH*=T\LK^]PW8S*3S] M([VG:46E3S2_CR=U*]UVR\K)'6T1WZ*7'>2,2M$OMY@@)V=IW?G7S:)\"L_R M*[:AQ]J#M9WG]MF$RV."W.]#MA?=X"G6(T+=;TRU'Z++EMQX1P*+*.:/!2>] M.LK;DER9E>`>'V^EWUG7J@0/2M:=S#YMTOK.N-8'!?VH)/:=?DT&1GQ.BP5% MEY4FC\\]N;RO\;)B`N5T1O. _ MA=UXN^,KOF:$AJQK+O%E7[:$LZ_:)+17XNWU2RY^EJ]E6>FL 3?=M00BMPP)^P'$_6ZOR!;MON":X'O*-^ -` MX,(//-\U0F*Z3:#=,'SMM/`@T/!;=D^>X-S`=QS;,8)`9F$Y@J>NQ9*(H9A' M6Q*[H'"J\B[+69>,YTD@XMD!L";Q;5/1',\T_-"OW2_5E[M=!_C0A8N?%:X` MY$VK6(7H9=`_*6^TP+!"/W1=72>![82AKWHU]*;J*:\._6'8R2*>%RB^C24( MLB>;CM7$`=10-3>O^I06O9](]53'4P(](+*FA!C@E-O^$V&P=.:Z7KL]]-HQ M3O=L4B6^HZJJ14S?5D'/P_^T.E1HFY[KKP%\"\@ -:)IA\.W/=5B2&$::],9"O,?D@TU0`QK.@`O"IK@>;6*`["I6KP M'6'NP/)"P)\68Y85>')(2*";8`R:=I.Q4XEI+E6@#0LXTS+/*Q'Q%,_T==UT M`*>^;]NZJM IAN:B]=4>EK!U]V7` MQ5D.&CG.IIN/L&Y-@?Q>871L]@@;\VM 9WDK0']EPYO@::*8HFAAH],R8ZF$;"9"1>O*TKOI#$5541K)JNZ&.M$M MD$M@UH2VHNNPMVHO%4!86=NR:-T!28/@53TCO*H:L73#(;JK!ZHNFU:H$L"K M!;8O"?Q^EQ55M8?`:YO[K3-+[V<>&Z#%:/S9^0?+EX$J7-N%Y;AN8*B.V:2F M0]?JGST%/;%2T+85J!>O84MBR+* >N7;D M)6Q)V`6Z;=E!0!P=T^HZ^E!-6:$! Q+7-JF%H8`!_XH6[+06BXAM96 M\?F]0ILC0[^%FPW'-0)9#6V'N,2$W=##^H"*:RMJ3U?J1]\#6(1L,T=\:P5! M@$FR#UF MWX[)9& S?U1GBUV+/`B/3`ES,#& M,GC-=L.F\87MDIXU06S5T#>N Y&#W";Q+#!/`2/1$ IG M30A:6X"UA7Q-:K9NC:LI A^F!YK' *D M7*)![1`%`I] 2!%(8IR3#%BV)E1$TM`+-)W=XJW+]L;K 9UZ>A)Y6I]//EBDM.H:[]MYM;.]M741S#;TAW+.C-Y6GTN\:G(J@.]YW M,@-!GV,#\=/J2>3PN167GWN+=564,_]>O=2=O:W%9R%Z.]K];M%-Z_`6&,UZ M#'6]/XKD>I)Y;]/O-A`JF[.6+Q "O"?5J[N^]\0UE'=& MVC(CK>\V />8%+$>7?SR->9D,/GZ?RV!:5- M# 56UV\W7ESUKFS*^EJ$9;O,\A"T;7VW\?]Y,K,ZB4[S M0OJ(-Y9%MG[TR_OVZ37O?(WS- &\]8 MC8)XU*F,`)^)QJ8R5[9P['+L )YJEU\GMM\'UTE_*R,35#O=$6_];>X-I.^VRU\OB6(]GF%:TCM1G M6.T0TH?$+;=T['+L.@"[)/,Q 9"R!9AV2ZS/,]Z"H'$9](55!R]'+T.0"], MN0^EVQ#MZ.7JE>T$[MQ+EF^3HGCIJ0>Z6[B P3QO,ZQSE'.4 @P:EOYN:TT/0]\K.Z)5:6+9= ]23Z,TZXWO+^1=YIW MLDDWZ=H/94-O2YMQX0WCFZKAM/VE&@H[S;40OA">O2R[[P7*+D^LM&A&-M:P M:+XW2HIATAFGWY/LQBN;?%0CDE?UP>I]4A!G GTO+@_'8UXE'C)S]DP78\&?6\X&75Z MC&7CSN JSR;C074J=%)QL4DU%R93D39(/.7Z___C?/^VWMG?\J%X"5F)5D^Y1 ?#>X.;J9IBHGVFQN+9$:3R:=,H7?&_RC[,]"N\J_2^\;M)) M^W%6O+JXQ!=>VK4_%G?&EU!H%1`6*H0#K%2(0L(Y-B"`%$4DT!>6>NE4N$G1 MO7@-$9'4QC8;`%.IMS 5_'#1A@2D.L"`XY-81+H.; I.8'YRZ1GEE)""1DI8#QKH"31B,YE:@`%,U'PF8>#H7B1_Q[BB2 M4G-%(Q4H`H3B$8/S82,*L57)L9T%Y--1>5 4@J:H#`V/R@%ND(" ),U:P.6BL%C8O] O["D*C)UXM$H3;I>7-IU,?8R MZTC+HN"]ZZ!?>)Y>^NJEUI/%66=VY:2P"E4E)>N X.N5Q;& MIW_M#49C^WEP77U-BK$ESO0!R?4D\[+T^[3*5?[UMJXV:Y;K>]^2W#J]++OQ M)D-O/&BF)/C@ QX)B M@8D?+QAN38U6O=';O-JYXG@W=-=_5$1XFUXG#WGJ1;#P* GH=CGMEYK MIR[(%(N4X@QP1)`-]'D$&186!"JLTO04='XH#[Q5E"!@J"8HXL`($VAEPEGF M)R0E]&1&=X/4_[:F+;!1@88HU!CC``G,S%QI&+&P5/J4='XLP5LH'0BI9811 M$++`NES.I67R3&D&$-M;Z=F+I@]?K K* Y?2USPTB0 M-2+71&I`A\>,@T8V];;&JVP"+H"=DG1`YP4J!!"M%:B(U?,`.KS)S6`R&O &`1#&5*J M(D.AIH3-A\8$S-0R55@62,0!-7IO9;_ZD=A@]9U5I+=E21Q&F"II%.=!H((P M8C:)G=$E"A6LE )@ M3C@C&XW.3MI\3JSX73ND5[UTU-V>/A#3TO4JHQ6`PKH$*M&\+D)"7"OG8,28 M!'P3?>JB-:;1H_,>$LI(2Q0-!8D0P`0MYCVC 9S;[#Q[D]M\LU\]89NJ#XZB`$@(*+-QA38`!7H615(0"$T/7O5ILJA3 M*^%\3K*D4Q8:%GAY"\`\'8]C[Y > M'VEWW+,?K4ZS= QV^2:[=W/J!CO5*F%>71#T MC[4K0^\N8IW="'>][\E_\*GO.QE!W0@>5 KA@6 P_G>2)\ZF MG$TU:5/OXE&GM\L,>"+AUL-OBO>`L@$[@_2X_2T/;UF_5(L)!I,BSKN%7VY= MLO-BM>9AF(R\HE 8*S]@28`.L-N/,$SA,X3W#6G@!QX`,AG2=PM:N-@)UN?AV. M!M?I-B CEZ.7DOT0M2G MM+&XT-'+T `/@2-->Q_;G3Z]S?YI:'UJ1Y9]!/ZF=E-$"LD^./P#[F MC:W^; ^::DZ,$E3Z2C75Z 5H>7[=8`_YR%QJMW:7QA&B>@O]I#5@GZ[B=Q3F+ Z_Z[-=SNOJO6RZ]7>+J-M(Y;CEN'28?=/.6XY;CUF'2 M+#=O'2[_>C9K[:JO]QT+NLT.L8W7!9SCZW]7X7/VX^S'V8^SG];BX^SG&,7I M$XZ:JOO: V%G_K1]_YVV YFC>!F%?LL;. MXVK]^._K; )^7U(V'D"N'EB[QRC136.)SI+^Y?,YB$;-S0_SS6L M1/@$N=3>%1);-$ * MQ+,GU[F_\UD 66'F@">CG]SK8/""NT6X3S"A/+,)]SD3@C:VLL\1 MPA'B&1""N!G"$ LX_IHE]UY_S^???IT4E]_B>/CR]TD\ M&B>C[,:D>9QWTCA[DU\/1OUXG`[R*ZM[D`TZ?[W^^]\\[[?Y/9^23A8717IM MD2TO,Z-!7W4ZD_XDBVV$_V%L-0X'_>$HZ25YD7Y/WE1;B,+):)3DXX\6CD'W M?3+^ C"ZR:=M!]GQ:N+2WSA MI5W[FW%G?"D%)$#14#%M4&@(@I)HP&@01DQR8B^=Y.E4QDG1O7@-;@%L$HRG MA_EA1#0*.3 3('^5YSF;P=%L0;P"(;: M8,0T5CA4$;#@TSG@B+,:W2^)@,_"NO?UK?O!#J`(C8(!ETR$2`4H@&CJ4R)! MB*+/VZ UQL&HFW3_L#?DW;1\>)Q]G(PZ MO;A(/GRU45'U@W=5?C-5>6$_09S9R"+YW$N2\=O!5,3*P/+K[.>7]X.\,Q4D M+!^2C]^F\= P MVT3#AF`A&\,2[H@)##`6P"@3&!YA!`%6T1033"))S2HF")X.)GN8"M%6=RT0 M`-;["*`P(`N/']B/-5-AQX9E 8Z'&/R1'#5'$3ABJ,-(8F-#/B,X015H\&3'=_>UO) MUH3-H0D8T)1;^#CC@@J,9J$ ^ZM6=C9ZB/@S0?7_5&2?*Y;%=0_5,R MZMCK/B=Y.AB]'XSG]KUXWMM!_LVFLOWRN5 T MFKJJ8VNUQHN%S#)286,4@\Q&P8"(A1 @O*(VK35 :(4PCG(:2=$VO^&G/!V>HH'$KV=7.-%4-1+$UD`[X`V8"7T[G] M\""JL8)PA-%JYK"%[&.;Y27=^=[4I01#)S;S2,?WQC`/)X-18"V?4L0,+G,? M38E:S.$LJ.7@]DHBZ(KTZT3:7P7RB`HH$I'1-N"PUJ.TPB2\-1X>`+:J@H`2 M";*G"E7SGC+L^I97X=;'099V;A:5VH>MZ#82$&'(PRA"=GIGQN(-H)K'PAI3 M 2[=G5L'+WK1C(T3@'W=>- EV0YEU+HY -5T-D*($-#!;E[TS MJ$=:2EE$4Z1`4E6N_?6;2=V6)8M2)L4C'JI;DGEE,+ZX,R(->/3_%^+I*$2# MX01-V=D3]LNTL'6R23CCF\B9G_\>H9VKS%(F`AC'C%!, V9_S M29`7QPR3**)#?LPX3::K:Z(@9G>FTS#G?\D3],1O'W,!$D0HF.>3)"W P.P9JJVOQ*3GX?Z>@C)5)F1>VNV+FY_Z2&_%JQR/&RP^\W$ 2= B) 4TLOU6*:!S9 FMHS^ZIA60Q3CND,R(`YC*NX@:J1/2O3 MPD3;B]O+7MGI/*BJ?M^Q7"9$35>W'8M9:O[:E73ZY.5R'*Q:CG6EY9SZC@;^ MP/.(P8Q0GT&F9UN^L\X@$-S?2ZQP-T>S7AK3Y59%Y*]*=\T!\9B8,`:FY_7M M'M'6_HTUV#.O";9UVWSI6%:UJK=9S^DY? )C@LV^WF/NVGH]?7?/X\%8 M,VWK,KU9?CUG"0G'=@:&;Q#F\-N>Y5J>CNT5`VK&OOXEMF7H%QLI7X]8!+JG M:Y[O]5Q?5UW=PY9-5A*9_47?@P3SW-BC7B:W]*_DV"/U!CXSF)R^JSHNT^ [?K*)9G./OQ=J;*=?4RV:-_U8X]4K]G8UO5?9V7>M@JDXL#=94M\CQ__Y%T MU=&U2U\ M&O'`R_/*1&E GJ\9NSR%\>(A@WF>K'Y8%' [^;Y][>N+ O>)B/ M-R9^]V9%\FYU\_+$L\]3J[YAU> ]F60I.RG&"U*N8:_WHB\P_8?X#LA M?- []`-9_#@!A?=XND?'ZZ9;(NGR3S+(A'IX_N.HNQ:M0F26YSV2+8 M@((BW.#381$61QI6$`^VB](3N[*/")%]!]_0\F:%E[YWI[H07ESCI3=(>TEC M)AF4E#&"7A/8\?9 $,A' ;?,UG >WRNGD+Q]')\6$`3( 9.V:+S;,M"6VTKW2[J?*V0 : 5$)R C70F:WD=>&$*B4 M:O55C?JA$O7=D"AXKA#ZA-`GA'I*`H:(JQ0#N`! 33MOV52K>Z8F))I4KG$+3#PK9! M )`=!0C:!5T%""C4R=5W2#G0P,L_U MZ'\K!E6_>OPKGS 'W?M*R!ZSAX8#K>:OI\SW)=Z=/G MM]D. 5+#^5C^=ELA7&>?1XO 4;CC'HTIN,PWTWLGI!XM7W?Q*ZN MF7U+=1Q?,WO87R5>L:.3%B9>AVLR\C+Q69K\"#/V0M`X25 L#I7*E9(T":HD]H0J[UZ&#@..`XX M[EJ$*Z]S=ZED-UVW#B@ST(/HFOY974@A;'-VDW+MMJF81)A[7I=7R 94@!D`,@!@HL6A-5S0;IJY5%9AKO/=PGP>YG'E/ MK1E)X2BV*:Y+4=N+62$")"`"U!UP84/!AKBNR(`N0!>@:WV>I=B&_'%*;0$7 MA)*3E+(+2\'4=>M/9;3W5;`NJ9U_?1M*0CRF1FJJ;9"R%%45EL@`1`&B.H\H MK&#SY*)(0)3 1U%'B:*J8G39FWWO2"P`8&-,D4O MJF()G$\%Z`)T`;K6Y^F:HCGBIA>U'5V7Q@V;;A;Z=$R923BJ8'M'%RN PD^8BJ.P(QVM\'7^>HL::7ZS0,6MA1+G$G9#?Q`&*#+B"&*90B; M)`*`` -? M^?S[;_/L[BD(9A_NAQ,ZFD?T\[B73&?L">(\^SS^L_#>'H+G_O.,QAGU:$S' M8?[`[_'`".)%R?"O/_[^-X1^W[_0:O\Z.]W-,IIG;CSZ5Q@\AE&8AS3;O0BC M?LQ)_(V./]X,?#Z_^:O^_ &(_1`,\SNUYZL>5GL:XQVG[^BZ99N6-F"_ M&:1GF\;-'R]>V3;Y'\(IS=`G^A-]2Z;!82FZ=7H4QO1NLAAAB8GZ;@=BF`.J MX(DP9E(Y_Z#Q'X0F UA#KZM';VBOG@Y_/OV1>,DG0;1[@OEQZPO M7*`(#6D4+8_Y>*/>%-^9B!BNOI?GLY_A*)^PCVQ-2['%I$X4S#+Z8?7AGR\E MS>:AMN-,:VEEOQI;/"%253S+QQO3>?>F'-R5QLL3\;GG:57?L)T+A&G+%Z4! MK'JG`>0/8W:Y4MG0T*=#.GVDZ>87#2MG6"#`B^5Y$8;2EQY*+WR;6E6T:YJ[ M#TQZ/I.>7% 4+GLP M8!PB\!6K9.`XZ'2QU>DB&?YU]QAD=%1$%FF X41?&BJ5"IRY^'NS"O()R:B1BL"%LO%,W$`,^UB$2?BO@Q?_Y:)C249B# MAW648`0K`JM"6F\#@H D$+ILXG'[W"?29V/WJ_PZB^3*AQK>>!_&0(G`` MU[)+:*OOMJ`(_#SP\PX'3G0;>I8V(]O6=#?P$\TO=`)+ G])$BI%V3AD%W(#Z-YSJ]=LAOAP'.)B=V^;UN>8QH.)IZQZD;H M>9Y?:3=" >^H1-=6_S'$ M-2+$Y-).A*3J1GUJ4SH*P@*OND!HSW11Z!+C>L P( 0![X4FE:!`5?B6Q!.]"K)X?JPX"U(QQP M''` J33M=S(E!Z!#X!_@'^* !K)&XS:?V;Q]D# `4]?AA!T#\`2USH)B\/,I38,\2=&8_1L=3$=+0:;( 11P6@B,`+X"7I-"CIEN`+@@]GD;`BKL8=;%H"`(`P#_`/\`_;2M: MA`Y#8'1*:2W4=J,37#IPZ4K027"7(4`7H`O0):OA4-O1U?FNE/NU6@MK40;* M&@ 'XJ0U( JZ-KC^&#%K*[1:NO](H@ZU*#\MTW@M/7*&HL# M.`& G# M/8CE\!PT5A=-OE8T0-+?:Y( VY)Z=(`L`UD& ML@QD694#;XBD$&D79=F66_I;'K"EOWK\*Y]__VV>W3T%P>S#_7!"1_.(?A[W MEQ[;%YH6>[*+P:5N/%IZ=`_\^@^,&%Z4#/_ZX^]_0^CW5RXR'M-A'OZ@?Q:M M^!^"YV]!3K_181(/PR@L]G7O7HF1/^8T_D;''V\&/E&Q_E7__N#?H'#$?@B& M^5W?[%NJY1FVH5MNC]BFT7 '>EQ:P#WHZ39@KZ&>:3XJ!@RO@]7VZC9W[XXR\4S&;1+_;XQ=^S/,CG>9+^ M0F/*T!-$6Q="*7M7*$]6/SU2=B.Z >1R M2BJRTQ[F($OLZ"[U!0?P[]L7C9-T&D2[7,./65^XP"H:TBA:'O/Q1KTIOC-! M-%Q]+\_,/\-1/F$?V9J6PI')MBB89?3#ZL,_7\JSS4-M![8V,I&\&JX\(396 M/,S'&T-[]Z:XW17ZRQ/QN>=5?D-88",76"ZH>[7DR6$#Q#Y/=-H7^0";A\7U MSIT,*6]A+89 ?"^G^F$2CQ76^,[,-]9D.&"&?#BFOF=B05,/*&68 [-MMR$UN4#U8U[9H6,0$F/9])A8W*`28%)I7% MI"=G&4')R[4V&V]-WH8QRB?)/`OB4?8/.6Q5\\H4D9*P_SRC0QX!XX&MY1`; M%.3H?]_?OU_'OC;1L"+TE8R19KR[IMJI? 3Y8NURM^YP[3[L%" `"P@>7D[8SSG[FQ2/J3.MN76%V)6U5VQ]906$ M,ZH(9W0(G(8-$V @^* M1B1-^FRQI!';>K=TU]Q#_7 TO\)XW`ZGWZC ;X`=QQGT[)[K68[OF,3T%HUX3:)[/:UEC7@7Q$33!371 M;$E(-&?W2]&BV&4 7U5@^/[FCE,GVZ.KC%D5B*Z4`O,U!$ M)P.JC/1MKR+"CF*KT' M!%NL +\9[N>+8]]FH;9390L M&AG.BW3UQ 0XJ5NGANK=082YX"CR6E$O.(I '9,G;0\",=3=CZ$V M'6I(+%BG^^B7]Z$@G89E( ($J9>]UONX&X'=K9FEKOVB] ;.[M%>?20N M1^NG31Z5X_A2PN3O\S`K>!;??UK49@_CS\FX3)5[6D9_CS3)C_8G,_`N/QD? M`^.3Z3CV1W^PJGG_T3! ]S3CJQ!%2F!;LV40-ML.J&L\1 M_Y@F' M3D&G9.K4KV$VG!PS`[;$W-(VZ U[T!Y9!V%\I&ZV>J] HZ44%S(S_X,G\M%FGNDA$VH9)F[8]&+5] MFWKR3OC5933+^Q"@>KI-5S!!^YC`"*AM[5TF!$P`)@`3=)()+-L0;"#M5"1= M1A-,`"8`$QS$!*9G4,.7%K2NRVC690+XKEX0[']G:9Z7Y=/'47&,RZH_YSW9 M`EE6@(HJR@6`6;F7\'( M.A?7489_DM]YIK60 (. @KX \ P-=WHFA73@0E%'F.=24=RR+]N,/YT>')G_MM0UL\XAM M#( Z]87X#IY[6[MK7-$Y#VJ.P&O M![P>+9SOM= ISF/3,<>, MPLKHK=L.-MYX",)M8$+IV(3;94`XTB+[``@`H@.`L#%#`!``A(K%1E %N$US%_]OIG_O['VWG^^B8,9Q??AQ,^FL?\Z_CW>9@5/(OO/T5)F`RC,/Z (B0>U(*]QL?OS_[-#`-9O]N_WDU."/12'P1#HO7'S[9MCOXQ?$N`]/_ M]/&#^.1ZUB?C%^:8-OL0G/WST6!M"OXJFO* NL&Y4]Q_;,?9:;]W`_5(UY M?V;YKW:2XC;!+F]DQ]YG-OW"IN^SVM)0=/"D'3S,,7@R4_=E.\@_;F[PY1BZ MS-F51++@V*4@V.R.Y&D "9'7-6G)V>??,A).G[[YU,+ M8"W8E2EPA&$)G90?L:I")0^/:&U420>IL(F*'9&9IVK O#\R@AQ22=YV$RVK^"%VJB_?04K6FUPLY)6)2+;K$`+Y/THW1$SAF*I/V\ MC%-`V?Z>B-['#2)`N8'=\.Z@B_G4]#R@"^@"NN2CRZ&>"W`!7`"7`G`MY.2; MS%2O85V!6-\KI7W3X#!C760A+3FM33EH%K4M)OZ7MJ#493153[Z88\$$G6(" M1LL37PQY1^OI,II@`C`!F."`3GNN0QEX`#P`'N@U#SC4,6SJ.BZ8H*[70"-7 MG4K!7J9Y4>[E9H>[%7KHL#.I:3#JX3!K]?Y*S,U]!!BCS+$I8]AR`L``,"6Q M2"[U?9PI!W@!7DHV9SS'%`:B`8`I6YEU:P'V:YC]Q8O#\HZZ6_/&#"QJ.Q; %:WB4^=C^J;W(Z,OA U]699.HZ*Y1F\TE:P6TG-UNR.C-)Y66>N3E;SB\.S?%M5V^Y)_K0N0I=W MJ,(NV=8Y=4&%*.4S7F"YU#3E^5N.EF@K-`_N4$U#; HQ10OR`T3:"LUKWK'9K>B)KX7XC:0SGH5E#`7A=S.>Y,>% ML>^JSJA` V M[4Z&F6V8U+7]D[M7=;'9X$&5X4%=V+OD?.D_/>I`!_@OX+^`_POZ`_W12C[0 M'TDV9NM,Q7/'DAFO=%3DIBYF#DX!JRO!W[+T1Y27:4+C],%@+,([-9OM -@\;!37JH''V3.M[I@U!U,=Y.[25M?6C`%UXH#`H`X $56S'3>+6EC:S4O0VQ#GE2\&SQ390(@BHNK/*2DTOZV`[]5$\V M'KI%9,;J&4L1E)\WWYJDV32,M]];7O/PX$H!R)#'\?*:]V?&6?59:/=P]?D9 MN5U%4YZ3+_R6?$NGX9/IX38:%1/QI^CT$E@",'$XR_G%ZH\GG5\W:G-1MP:: M^^R4OL>ZL&J,L#O\5SLQO$T8RQO9L?>93;^PZ?NLMC04'3QI!P_SV)S,YE4Z M;==:,S'GM/$`R^EVW3'_.'F4MU6?;A ,%"3Q/97E_K433JW#@U0814).^QJ(C3;N M>Y%Q +1YN=L>G3N/$E),TGD>)J/]SSXX2NLTBF13J8Y7:1'& MXOUBY,3- ^7Y#M).M-%^_,O[ M4#97PW@'L$WGV891*S"I9S"P#=@&;`.V46O;&)2!:D`UH!I0C>JB4=0/`FJ8 M\LI&Z3[^==D&_L1W'Z:IZ.3?U:8@2<>/73G'.!D[5V*#4=?QJ.OA=/8&)IV. M3 K MEP'5\@0N5 WHQ`ZV8&8:ZV45.N\!$W3>[KA.0`8D/`&1``1[9T> MM$M;`PPZ"H->)I]IOGYL_?JPB>RR'AU%LD@MFU8K[)R$1;GH+B.49N*.=$3. MV5'GU^TLGMZ9XNB616U37G'TKL 9J5[#N@*QOA\@_HW_X,G\H%,@U2[VNY!UUJ;D,I-Z#J.6Y\CJ MO"ZCJ7KRQ1P+)N@4$WC,I%:` ``^`!WK,`[98%=C4 M H[UH"8ZB.J5P`F)O["##/%PM: M8^_3CP`OP`OP.L`^]!AU3&FUDP`OP`OPV@CSHXQYU#0`,'7KLFXMOWX-L[]X M B?MN7'9?BNRRZGE?U]&99.HX* 5E;KDXF\XO#(^U,TU;L2.^4;9TC%%2(4D%2BFE2SY46\'*\1%NA>7"#:AI@ M`Y8$2RIDR7/3LZDESZ%67Z1K4)](R-+U59[%!!(%B8)$M2-1V_)IX&O`H:W0 M/)B:K6!).97%VJVJBDCR:8>[SY&>[U&;*5J.'R#05NA=\V[-;L5,?"W$;R2= M\2PL(R -L%H[8T#CH''0 M.)T%IXVP6JMQ=:WB[F2DF:9/+?OTCEE=;#;X7F7X7A?V+CE?>EZ/.OP!G@]X M/N`Y@_Y`?[22#_1'DHW9.E/QW/&HZ4DK77!4Q* 4E^E% MX_3!8"S".S7;]'`AP(4`IQ4T#AH'C8/&P4UZ T]:$!7WBA M,"@`A`_7!/0'^@/]@?ZT13Y*DG1UF>Z;2[=5)Q0%AR4PD]H2:^'NDHTNVB#1 M>GY;A**'SUZ_\?=&O^(HX:\GO"(49AJOMA2&E>JQT?,A3PJ>+;Z)$L$AQ855 M7G)R8=3LT$OMV'CL%ML8JZ +":/ZYC8: M%1-QM9#,$B!"\>-PEO.+U1_O'BO[NMV;B[,U8-QGI^8]UG=58X3]X+_:B 9S;]PJ;OL]K24'3PI!T\S/-R,MM5Z?1;:^W#G-/NZS^9POSCY%'> M5GVZ7 UK13;:N.]%QL5=!YWIT`!2I&4K:N=X`(R. MU-3/Y0N2L*P"',;`$K`$+'5S2AK\,0"``""M`729)E7KPH*/L/!H\W*W/3IW M'B6DF*3S/$Q&^Y]] TH27IQR`M(^ MXDK>#F*-6I/:[!R:-/`L:N"@VD,XO2WLHYW%!K;I-]OXADW=0%[5,-U''UP# MK@'7G"@F*J">%X!J0#6@&E"-4JJQJ!=XU)9W5*[VXU^7;>!-?/=AFHI._EUM M"9)T_-B1 G>P]5ZZ&E%L343\J8A+U2KH;_\$N+U=Y]#)#H1*:Z6D6J D(W+.CCH^;F?M\L[4)C 7U7E=1E/UY(LY%DS0+2;P/>K8TI)#=1E+\`!X M`#QP0* LP M4=5:DE?:'I@`)EJ/"0=S!/``/*R]9E9`30,!8;47%WLN1?VV+SLNQ7=9=#VO M*N'-LG0 0\3O/] *=LZ MAQ^H$*6"C6XWH(8A[Q26HR7:"LV#&U33`!NP)%A2(4N>6WY`F2UOOZ>V2->@ M/I&0I>NK/(L))`H2!8EJ1Z*.Y5/FR(OX@JD)ECPY2\HI+=9N555$DD\[W`.. M9#XUF+P*1\ 1: M/Y-@IH7^0'^@/]"?T^O/SMC:TYX$HF"KVQ66IL2*9#ODHXO-T[S-V)>M\*\/ M=F24#-,I5\'B33HMVD!?V@BKM;P/C8/&0>-T%IPVPFJMQM6U;;N35V8'-`BD MU?0X6FZZF&QPH,IPH"[,77*^=)\>=80#W!=P7\#]!?V!_F@E'^B/)!.S=9;B M.0NHL_^AQ_OJRD%AF[J8.3CWJZX$?\O2'U%>Y@B-TP>#L0COU.RUPX,`#P)\ M5M`X:!PT#AH'+^FA $8TNBB#1./Y;1&*'CY[_ +;X)DH$A1075GG)R851LT,OM6/CL5MD M8ZR>LA1"^7GSO4F:3 &\2%=?+.:+ZIO;:%1,Q-5",DN`",6/PUG. M+U9_O'NL[.MV;Z[-UH!QGYV9]UC>58T1YH/_:B Y_9]`N;OL]J M2T/1P9-V\##'R\E,5Z73;ZVE#W-.NZW_9`KSCY-'>5OUZ78QAUVG\6CQG`\Y M2 %BOAN1`1_RZ37/UH*S&"6FL7\H`+1.]=:/@E2\I[+ DP1\#``@`TAI`EVE2M2XL^`@+CS8O=]NC DRX#K4"3!.`!""Q-IY F+O-2DYQ:ABWPOV]^'X;91I"J)1.C8(1A\,K2/>K_-:/9F MFMTQ0WO.ZA^R7-8GD=G%>BMT,JVR-?))-"/G89RG).-CGF5\1(J4A#D)23Z_ MSH=9-"M7\?]%HIR,^%BT:53^6DPXJ6B]O#KC0Q[]X(1'55GG\K 'I31;.)M&0Q.EPX6^8E[^'HF$"(*7SH7P,F -*TZL/U M??6`RW0J1N#^/W,2+:*88Y+?YP6?YI3 C48T ,&-",_VL>+8?\FI-966RQS.7A/WA"1O.L;$7Y MM(W6SX1*I2/1QRI"9]G$\B*A/FG&%^T *N="A&DUF**1X>93R@Y/PA\; MKWRFA6_(EI:*]@[#1#!C>74E,*$)^;+IXNTQ'Q;BI^ &[Y/1?C,2Q* M;5T\+%X,W_^S=VV];>O8^GV`^0]$@.)D`,;5Q;JE>V\@:9K!?IAV3YO301\9 MFTZ$RI*/)"?-_/I#2K[62>,+:5/R]U`TMG4A%]>WN-;BNLAXP0[YFB7CM&1B MD1=_%#S'J[J3\WLE>\F'I?WI _'8C+)4T>9SO#;VW%Q=L?8Z/Q+[Y[W MQPG_-/C"[^08/O.1=/6E=W^F`YG?+&=T^33Y\49LMY N59Y>.?W%Y'5A^Z'X((]]SKRZO`O?:NK1]YSJR/YS\\9.X M_=7>^I+DW5QYTJ4J70AI/1Q*WIJP$ZL))R5FSA,9#5L)TKEDJBV*T+&#=X5X MFZ1J5M& #ZN4#/($F'1%.=;JUSSP4;;S3':T`3:9@=M7$J_D?GZ[ !/@9,X+>+>?-V_LF1L MYF"70'RSGZ12&`*J6AEHH.2A&?+CN#I7R`9&PF5BID`;T['-`0JO:6,??O"\ M%Q> I[Y8LE%6Q4GZFO- - @HL5IQX';B9!R#$0 (`Y"K2T_$S4]3J1,N/2%-;'_M&\_0/T.2KZX$Q4J7UW M/&>B(UGQV$C7C#D:L$T%M]'`V5\B\7%KR/#PF4`X8_"'B`0 E+*YO&_)-"M%5S3=6JM`9H])WJ=6- MJ.4&RJ2=AFDW3LF`9#]>/'F!+#.E+J08>`*>FH(G 2JWU8SGT5EP.JIV';J=^UZ&!8^V-2CCRAK?VT(0S!GW[`I\I M.-*M;`->..Y>3`&V0H6EJX`NH`N$`^$,(1P.M_=C+K?,*E9>'JO1"KB&F%-3 M%AJ.[>8Y;HW!Q:E-_3"D0:!,>X;_!Z!I>5)PX'8")`4#$0??1D"?HZ(/SD>5 M&7SF^1U,B'16%Q&DDJ[-B*AR:=?RJ6NK"X%^B88(MS(+N6;)04#S&6AZCD]# M=>U^`$U`TQ`5M]FL:$2KWV8(L ":R#`#!5@(!P(A_-O(PAW].?? M:!*\ ZY9!1C!A3F%^WZ@Q,M/C G#@=7QT M"`:XVK2U@7`@'$Y']QHL?IPQX 5.%T,\OVII.577I2\3UC:)[R.4F"W"2>L_"4Q-0U&B>_G M,.=*37=$-HC]CYAPQNPLZCTC.,T$P`Z?K&X*MQF1CVZ,M%'L)C%]\2%J#!4U M!A&N,4X5@VC6+&;#OM;Z?4VQ?\;XU5?HN'E;2C_%L] 'R?\T^#+/ IY?[&G(4_+BT>6]Q>?]Y4EX^HE%T4Q'M;?+3];K$TJ M%^`S'_Q^ Y#*\OKX+KJ'OUX?(B\*_]('"O MK4O;=SY\\*.3/YYST$P6YR8>\H)\Y(_D (.Q)6"OCPL]LXS88Q2\@PZ_.D 7]0;SXE(O[3C63TLK/R\^-,WR(4N6N,&6 MU\P>7*]5CR?)Y)K?3ZR3ZK.0/KWIY\V9]#'NE_?B3S&GR8&G$&@)&Q7\?/K' MNY^%V'Q0B_[>N2!TGW76K>$RK@;S^XD7OGE5QBX+\LF-]K[OV_L+, S]6P4_7IL=XU;[.D M7S_GF]"!YS3\(#;9_OSCLP=A6VC)@"Z@N_?\#@W(7:7E^K%NAP;ZH5,7=J$= MF/1XF%1Y43XP*9A4-9,Z>I2@#8K1-#W=[BI^B`4,^N0IYHF9!6G:JCGM-2!- M%:R;7>9GE97:DDSS!M`%=`%=0!?0!70!7=.@NVO;@Z:;&1]^C'A/9I8\9`DK MXR0NG\SR+QR' .7^%"78^EMN`"#N%5PE8?5V+,OVZ0^P][>L_Y$"C8"8X# MQX'CP'''P7''[D#[3Z6=\/X9$U-E=])[%N>3VD:G(YZ30M: OCEKL`AMN^/`20(Q`#%PS&+`MMU.@#,$B`&(@6,6`UV[8UF0`O`,KT78 MFZQDB;@IZWT_NY55? W.)8CJ`9;W.5\M*[+-5(7-(SFX;GQ7KU=Q3JZ$950(X2*>EG/QD/2.BE44 M4T^KD50G%Y,?JK9VL^NOOEYU")DN?#Q?>!(79)3S0E9Q[Q.69)->>043-IA %:1W'_.!L,>XI(6X5Y`E+N1SA^R[6)& "'F #7ERN"0>$.>\5R9/TA8>Y[EXU.U3O2KU$#J+ M5*@8G-W=Y?RN-I*K4= F*XSP'AL77#ZHX,_= M7$4CDB(6/,UR4G,0SX=$`$3V6>Q5L\S$[;D$:A*7XOX'+A:,Y4+6"@1(#BTZ M.XN@B>;@_Z1 '+N+R%T1L&^>-8#G[/%(,^&9"@> M?2]X8%BUA"KNXQ$9 /V6CN>':7 ML]&]H(F`CP1S-?M'\ K\@Y0:A1'LOVK8)+-EYE-LS&%4Y>D8OR NWV+[I[B_X?:5#S8MJ M^)*1:FPG7,&00A#5@V3C,IM^4;L4JF\T-,L-=^V5&^V[8VICFO.:/ TV(.LW;;..W MT>V"7;;B*X/B^'2>A?UO&DO[\TLIO3J'W!.,#VU3ECGT*F !K;N>:?MZ#[7;?CP M;ZI007G"+`_LJX65`2^3N+>%0_EY6)P,=)%G\T]BQH2G\@A_\0!#QAEVMS^M MG@\RVC),>4.IMDVL:>,.QC6<>MO^CL?>[MY/H9VF'%]O>Y_;E(%B@@>=8.,M MP1U.$!1HO+:'N`62#=Y^6]4`YH2=J@)'XYTX+$_BC'F%2:=!W>NJ?WL=W)=I MY#5 +`2-R1] WA6+P]Z+)#Z@3*J@$!74`7T#6_SZ.!#W`!7`"7!G#-RHTX^CFL+1`[]EK, MT\(]A_3/F4*+HVR;Y-*N:XM_:*"V!TYOV1X+2=`F26!3UPJIY2-_`I(`DN"8 M)4'@>]2&'(` IT$O;GBK!PV/V*6@YU+)L& MZG;:UKOKX!&'1WPCD];VNM2V<>0$@`%@6F*1?!J&#N`%>`%>.@YG`L\1"B(Z M5^NSS-IE@,WZ6^@`5N/PXT0N[7IKU^8]%O V%]$@C,PAZ1S4!R*R ]BV(!JR MGKL.M7QUL>ROT, .JY*N.5MHK P72GX5YX]Q(5, M$QID,X6Q9#_T'+;#A0`7`IQ6X#AP'#@.'` 3NTE[3Q MH0$?>:DQ*``"'ZX)\`_X!_P#_FD*?;0DVYJRW>\O;58?4314Y_1]&D3[2X`U MA1L4:L]O2R9F^-SU>QO8`M&2..5G][R25K9CO5GB1EORW@)9>SPM>5Y_$Z=" M0)7GKKSDX)3>=D*_Y).%ARX),FOZC`D)Y.?%MZ99/F3)\GOE-;,'5PQ`>CQ) M)M?\?F*=5)\%=_>FGY^AVTT\Y`7YR!_)YVS(5K:'Q[A?WHL_Q:0GP!*`2=BH MX.?3/U8F/Q_4HE$W!YK_[):^AEU8#4;H'>&;5S&\+#`F-]K;WN?L^X7[OL]M MRD`QP8-. :!M?I/C/2D,2W2LOU:R O,J$4"3JMJR#N=7!?RIR+NS;J[;`'I"BKC&& ^S LO[T/97`/C'2!M6B]M;.I&#@TL&](&T@;2!M)&KVYC41NB M!J(&H@:B1G?1*!I&$;4 0/T`W=GWL.FT;%-N+RJB**2^A2[4P`0P,;TOL&DW4F;M`1*`1.,A MX=#`"6B@KDQ#6U"Q5K[8;AE0#4_@TC7\FWM.!EDB\"_>22K:%R3GHYP7TO0I M^-U0_A^G`YGF54ZKH97BMJ?5.'HR"9]WS[>>_GR0T79SBS84/NL-!KER/TMG MY,J9=Q]2R4P9J-D3;+RS;X=PN'V$#AZX\YA)F71K.PK!DRV(N3:*28W.2S`T MO: ZO^=:\63V]- 7M G\3WJN'!>P(V)FDTS3%A=VK65U9$% M)H")YF,BPAX!/``/,[/>CVC4!29V-B[6-$7#IIL=[\5W>7P[KNKIC?)L$)?D M-,F*]5,E7[5 >H$7>JJ ]F0 MZY#_^W1W-$'P&4.LQNX8X#AP'#C.9,(90ZS& 5?A>:WV7G$X\KULU?X#G`YX/>,[`/^`?H^@#_E&D8S9.53SU`NH$RDH7 M;!7Q:8J:@XYANU+PKSQ[B`N97C3(9@ICR7[H.::'"P$N!#BMP''@.'` V%>29SRLWM>"13;L=XL M,8PMV6-AYCV>ECROOXE3(4/* 2:WT^LD^JS8,'>]/,SE+N)A[P@'_DC^9P-V8H, M'[+\+D[K0;)QF4V_J#>,ZIO'N%_>BZL%928`$8R?L%'!SZ=_O/N9V>?C7C3. MYH#QG]V:U[#OJL$(_2%\\RH6EX$_N='>]CYGWR_ R?6SOL.?Z*UM8N!T]Y&W5I\=Z#[O-DG[]G(N"9(.WW\1^3+C8[_KD MBO?X\);G '#HT"EUIH5+N)3&^*]#%. M8X.T.6YI$UI=ZD?JJH:9OOJ0-9`UD#4'BHF*:!!$$#40-1`U$#5:18U+@RB@ M776M X*PKP3J4Q=^UM8Y&^82E@@/8DX!&F8@R M$65B*A.PAU$4B2@2423NMW:@Q#T,HO.T.OC85=?7D?=X[6KZ7Z_SY+(<>/GW M[TQ:[.NDRF^JO`ZA3YU?# @R]($UTS/-&O_8[>,J^N2N>![]T#'YL "@3/6P"CSY+]X(JMGU4_.VB+O6@BOXV;X#;.'4>>?($ M2J4/BDD/NIW@0+MR3B/DC\(0^]2B1$2).%[S P-?0EDTA$V;"/L.LF:$'2'TJ(;_T393][#K3X?M_;L\I,YFQSQ'B2= M;9>=?!%?+!G>P[;SZ4@7ZT'4W (,).]BC''@9BR?-[1R`:)O?HH`1 M@7M(=M9O'\4KBE ^F_M3 M5OV1-\]K.CKADV4([2':V=FZA[+(,8UY.,;FZ&2B/6NINZ/MHTQ$F3AZF:#1 M1D1YB/)PGS7#LH=`+`A[ 3/0"Z M^PK+UH@>!>?%-.B!%MA$+1FUY`ZUY'LL9`^2[O9[7@SIO5"_$LB=\VMW'E-4 MHE&)1B5Z GW_6UM:^[I=`=K#5S;RGV>&)9&OP.12?9_\^XUO9"O]YYD %3^2?CES, MH_,4WT/9HYM_]'A37GE6V>:AN#GQNU\O1?!S57XKZM`C=%G.',8F^[Z;O?:8 M08@9A)BSBAP7.2YR7.2XF"5]+HX0]S#J[NBMF"5]69;TZ"L#/N7-#FL"HL*/ MJ8G(/Y%_(O]$_CD6?';2:7LHYGY_/;.[`V4'3C7O0;JCTH,ET!P*,W3H//^U MR3R%2^^?^_\ U&.9U\BG_,_E2#K-'*GR855?%:#+);-R4TQ\F]J+]Y SXVNQ M9/Q[H/XRUI9 M7!3\NP?AML^A?;]PW\_A8YEH)/!5"7Q>XN757->=FM\7A3Z0ONZV_B,3)K;# M(SS6_O7GQ(:=EX/^9!Q5)^7E7W_S]CC)O;WK)S:_R(?G>74/'(:]!('-2P$B MU^UZZV K_)X[2I%[G7R?W25+E_ZEG?9=B#I'1VOL7! MY1VB&&W)J1_#"T99.,DW&T19BK(49>DT39+]U48!B@)TT`)DRE$[NZS)^S'P M..9P]WAX[GTQ2IKK ,\N8U#=#!%UQUMX'X@O,B#V;C$/4PY#W`XZ?2]\86L6PA:ILWJFTHXCV$ MXW?CHZZ)NB;JFAU[-K(G6%0U4=5$51-5S:Z#*,%)#\8@:F.AB=G$OZEAZ8G\ MOW9+,"DO'R9RMDDQGMPY&3!4-? R3%8>R^+NVUM$HG[!4$"QZG'=6[1]E M(LK$T ?4#U>;ZSQIU7JXN\HO\N);GN1%>ZQSN/8I;RX'Q7 RB_=5.?SY+?IK-Q[^[ROU+:H_:9#I>4CTA955XCC_/:O]C.6I? I&OFJP8>3#_ MMRQ&`;&[&\\2-SGZ ?)O^2CICZLPBS#:W.QO/$N5 M?4]C6Z%S-\5PDV>?LLHG\^SGH1ZJSCV$9;N8?I+9_"B!X.OLV]PKE\SP+%G@ M4C_?BVSD-6.XNP7, 0-7RT2`` M\VWIZ-,![@2A-Y&]*J_'@V:RLI=9$6A^A$_O;E[UW,2*X3#O%YZ8P>U99S[# M?_QU7'^XRK*;'W[)K\*;O^0W( FUK,N*ZM=L M,,Y578^'K2VJT^\WK:S;(NB.4?^+Y_=-"$=S=&-$!29$44(5D)*DCO,IW0PR M-4?W:!Q$^MV/X&P]U1U2].H`/I;)>0"1H >PI51Q`"U.)9QQ*D0K.!7N%]0) Q7_GH'XI MZC] =MYWA>-R\R4R[5P#F#+4 7@^^_?_VS_'K78.W_.QNY*2_^^#RN+J[]%,)#DSVD)UQ:Y*"R,G44VE1) MQR%54U>!6(V7K@7LPOM:@TFWR']JY_[S97M3_3FOIJ]=@-[.0?]A'^A[,X>9 M2)T7``)=:JUE $Y'\)_D-5P42&\,I8`F-1@8X@@2,SR@XBH)7#YV!=3T$5::PTIKP48 M>0HPX30$B"EED+'.!OBD54)X2P:%7="T4\"08(`3 SG:78@KRZ*.J\_CCZW6]GMGK_W&ZIB5! 8HG3?! M0J80*8`)A(RD%F&'IT;`I0L)D,E^(^$;[>1V2]8A`+EDXW8>2&`PLD:GED+I M#*+&IC,@#0;D(9"(T JDUT!*!D-3,6PZIM9XB"2PPCY#D M!)T`DC=%-2EOF;[S^;&-L]0"H@W$G@.!\/`A:Y6"QKO8!DJ\3!=VX9VLIJ%; MD%JE^@0^ZS(44D*JD8^GN?$!'3+"1X%36X&-HTOP801QU"%G+9*P7WC691L !KPK),N0AWG4CN":2H`#7M;:%9A MP>0R?Q8*[V?(#D5L?_C\3UOIFO?5M[S*KO+VHO6A\2R'\=SZBA0;8(SFS-M& MJ#C$1,DI?)[=X*):]Y-H)^LU%.RFRF([*@\,XJ=K@+2%VL>E,"0-*?7.K]%@ MFM261J6K((80G_$N`ON3P/CI0C4A?*P/-`/:>\J(`,V!FF*LD62K,$80GB%T M(AC_/&[:LNMB=#4)@9Z9&G".:\N$=_2H$)(+)\!=:H!P3JQ>%N4BAGV8VQV` MCVC8.T1/)@)"Q90EUBE.->-,68?`5%T:`NTRB+P=$E)TE#TY&)B>S,I!94,I M,N#21UM ^D+NI@('HR0^*PT0P3Z70JE'=Y$0=F"I&# MC"V+"BCW*'6HK?8'T0--.(WD/E>AV66=EII7]"[D1`3W#@O6AJ?0$8)\,$53 M8OPO6JPTIA2>T0Y=X@UI.Q!`T6I`.3/8:S.OQZTQ*F3MX"R![D,RMPI0#L_P MF\43KL830RNTXC[,1P`IQZG`;I8J1H2OPI.Q,]K%!O%1XHF?P%,08%.M*>%* M()X2>1_?*:U7>G:2GJ$N]B1?$\]?\SJ\9]2?EJ!]+ +=/":6= !PE":%V:GP4@T"* M],RA`CA=J7B[]@Q>1O(SX:^?FS+?'.[U0;?A@`#BJ$Q33HVU;=7"="L9F)6J MF=/GU>IW2N1A`?QTYHA;R9!7&HQ!RHUQ%,*9W@`"K088G_$(\`;93^J="T.I M#B&$AH@Q0]@L^YF:E=$$@F?B5`!V9769%\VXV@W$QE#KXS7/N:D$&*="N^! .>-,NQ_604QIF>R2XB?26;'(#^9%WP1OC#%2#IEO+\@.'"(^5!XYA]SL1)? MKR/D 62$F>MYT?`4ZU28NRL0#=U1+W[\3,$OSW`J(NI=H3`MH[R MEWR8M8>^&(]8Y9$89X.O>36$JP7[/CHPUONH$A$!.&+2$JEF:1F@E?.8L=_@ M3PC:#G#KG,".@)_5(0=V_OG2/STL1Y,*93^E_$&5W_Y+GP&P'$K&(4BE$)`Y M-NM1@T@O[ZMXI&AW`LR2!9A/"2W-N,X`^Z7)FO;UZ3_'17,;YE:.@FIJ$9S> M-??2=4!A0CPW`V_QO0,K,-3&S78[E? )>#:->) -8.]B$:X2QH-0-)0#D)QK$@5A-3-^EP! M@VCI.F(IV*-NBQ?12':[CMQ`:"1/@>'$&_E4\VG7.4[ULAU3!@CTC/V,=0P3 M^5C7X[QOV_.X)N9J\I37I5Z[AD/!@F"/VO/FO.K]);_PMS;AL+05KLL.,2%( M&9D:#6Q(4;$4W1?=&) *$ `8+VXH., MR\J"S-U)OV/*8&"D,U"GJ8 @R7^D0V6%=M;>4%FGKD"!& M>/H457R6 M@Q0T!.+4SNI*+$6/E"V#4&X4X.P1KJU\]>W@8E@#Z%T2E%(IC6#I_[/W9#MN M&]F^#S#_0'3N``[`3E@LKDYL@"O@@6_LV,X=Y&G`IDHMCBE2P\7NSM??4T6M M3>TB)5*JIY;47,Z^U:DZCC'O)X4\L;9/%!0/7P.U]E Y-CL@7-8UR[+-J3"! 3V0R M7P:C`T/&5EF,TBSZBPRL HZ*UTYD'Z7_UDF!*$M95+' UL$&G6YB+54'#UFK2A`Q5 MU]?E,2?">/BRX"="!]>0@1=DE*OY+G.@2(:F2Z9+R\0FW6N(YDN#AF*8-;&B MC?IKY.I$/`]?QCX03^1[8.],S;$UX*PN68HV/T15TRQ4PQ.R-&.-[3L[GE88 MEN.2K2%]H(-]Z&49&9$DC[Z1=TF8CLFN!$R3V ::L2HL##R'K>XFG@4S0P Q[R)!_K\W@8/%MMG)`&EZ,N&/?]!8X&K5B7'639GHH54U+DN?\" M&UX+B]0UY>FS"]R!=D.R'!\;CH(=U555DQ8^%MNZD%$+F%1`W5B3G9[?=QVW MZN!`;@(.07-MU7`D&BFB12'LY )BN\;9>P4\?0 C&L8LB7YK@N\]55W/G[, MP+A65,"JWKQ$'ZZPQ]DG)+N2IWL^\@S7I#896_,A?:YO2;5X&IFHA8CZ"`4^ MKM!NRI*MNK(.7M;1L&?3TU.G_3&J48_.D=1.%'$$>T^6:P=Y.D(J7;*%``J2 M)Q_-Y=IQS5KJI*];_3X(;]J6N&:.YQX[#S3/,E39TR7#-S7%\2&_F&>X+GRY M>_MBI/&V^=6;IAOO. _RA4 M7&YB1#E#:67`NM2C`>OM0T_'+`_3.$Z_LSG%;)!Z7H['`2TI5B.JPQ'='T&' M.PO!$OL>@IA.X&5#@5/&RG"5E3%C9 3()Q] M/]S0@+@\1DD%9%`6Z>P'-MV\^N5[-"A& AR!VP20GKV Y4-5D#51C$4V5Y2(LB'?^R8BMDT/ME0[#\O;I^Y:=*4^DO.\% 4#CSWE;*)=0+J%GD%`V*&)?6G+7 M?*(`TG:@QHG5*7EZ!;:NF)YXD/_8JF`]!.'7QRPMDP'-I]+L]0]A2,AP>`&) M:ZF0Q.ZSJV*#$+!R@TM"5@`4,!(%NL35E)]8M7UR([9O(X>F+V-9>NU-72'\ M_YR+M#L%>1N)6Z`DTX%&28E$;*"+D[,74G=4[>T0ZG7':G;.3W,#R0WDI0RD MBHV+D[,74L 0/1%5;B`;(Z4LFLB\.#E[(76G&LB>5'E>DG`5`J7A)?$/ M:Y;YJ_5]X8$,TXP(&0GC(,^C(1"'[2@[ID`D7[8^U$9@H^N-U2BN1 0:QOZDV+RH+MA^)_03W:NS[,%>:&%0;I*G 2J=P!1KD6UKJ$PJ1@-![>_D8*&J1D) 2X'3GD/4"\!ZA!4F(1J6>3U'Y+':]B\2;)GH@J M-Y#-%1/ELVT'Z[?, 8L/>0K1\7Q5O*M MQ6E=U+7&-LGQXC0O3E^YPF# WHU]*,V];\ZZA M!-I*M_JL1WU3B_IJ291GKKSTR4N?O-1SH,+(S76* YZZT(Z489&J0EG3`&&]4:I^VU]^I]$H1-=12J](Q M!+UA8]LCN]JY@(F;4&Y"+[:Y7VOIN.!#J-D+J:/W\ 9!Y;$;_,QM4O>[ZL]GV)>I MI,*+4:CL8@*7[YJ)^I,@?!F1?,T&"2$:3X*0/O[N'1UQ2/)"")(9;%,P7I&G M" ,BN??TH*X41X"GF5&O@#;[!BN>?OWOPG"K_/;RO$X MR)X_#-\Q:+\$3P!=`6:/)"'@/K\+*)U0SG\BPS=WODNK6K\K?WYQ[X1H`#\` M%>X]Q7 BMBP4.^;=K[.A-4E=-N"( MFNL5494;%E60"2%X?,S((S!0"-G,W5R(9BP&R4B>YUV!^B\YB&`1Q`(XHSR? MRCCE.!W1&Z:/"9/,(G@2'DA"AA&(0P#BFS/VL/\%N3!,8P@C0717QEV^/EJU M%VB9QU'#/#`,W0^8C1Q?B3RE%PRFWY ,W\P LV; M.^F.?0?'' Q\^RPL/6Y,`$>A26GC^!8F%EC8]Q[71G+`K M1&PN[3LAJ^M,XJ9@L ^FQ\/FRS$X#7`F:1Y5 MX7,1?"6),(`X.WD4)EF49@+$OU$ZX%N/F [K[WRN:2CBG; M%36GR\TMB?/>=.X2#]!26DD(RRR#]':JJ]POPGVR(IK-]:ET13@ZZQS[KG5[ MYL*-=V[S]=&S)LK]6/[4#%%N[C2(?HL-3[&O+>KO72CQ"INBU%PLP>/XVT[# MNQG@7T\NCI"(].:V4_`:]"TZR)P413QMN?@>%2.JH%09@[(8I57+1RM:V,+V MO`N?VB"J>F/;PUO9@= TU:ZAS;2]SM9::H(^XNRDWA '$W/7HA=@S'0YB;G':V5>_9(ONRLG$RJ,".(I];K\XB08M&2>5!W MI8TQ-CW9D70+&SY&CF7;57>E)MNZ@UOOKFR(J>SK]^JY#VD\6#7OC$*L>Q(8 M#0':5B[OVPNJ-=?Y67VEE[^.@*]1N`$?*B`TJ7L?/60@.HVAT6I'ZPSHN`*: M"F4>Y:S9>LA2U:K_%."YDI;3);L5$MK`?3U-J&"P'J.D`A(2FW3V0Q79L5]: MZ%,U3NQ3U?4S]ZF:Y^Z+O4K\>GKHW$)EC.-LD7&@+=I0.="[73FHF M6UJ;D[IV$F Q3-X^RO:#A:L(M5IM#+^E7.K\DVHE6L\X4D@U1,751D9J; M3]YU_I]:#N;'!AWO[;BUN6UKHXF*KHB:T=R:?]?Y?ZJU.;4!I^]ACK5T8$LP M3@';O]CI)L>$V%?8>RJJIB'BYJ9#WT:/3/>RTLYYZBM6&EG4=%U$9F-'R-V& MTO!,_+!,/"%%&_IV^GF%US&]01$-TQ0EN:7V47Y:+D][S^],N7)/VQM%G5:E MS)8Z'+ER\RQSM6]MNH/J,D[\"G9RR"*255&7SM:2W!7):=NM >O$[1;V3DH M]X[U*^`;Y]^'^S%+)V":G]E8'CH69T(W9(O";SMRI [=%O8@HO0B7MPU=[LB97Z`FBG-^\V #"/R&W:&L'(1=.3I\#G07?5,Y//N!">GU">M%Q'M=D++D'YA[XHNE:[].Q MX\[.X"+$Z7,^NWU#.[[>)4-:[V=+)04)1PG@^O@L!'E.=APXRSMUNJFVG6^C MX.=(K#1&&Z8H\S$NC:D,MS7 ZOM->DG)=Y/+++(F*,B.LHVL8/='/%ST!\LIT\GI/PJ$[=M7&SL_HBD*T M[;^X2ERS2B!10HWMWN`J MN#:Q;6+:Q?7KDZ%EATB7*LQI\2K@H?0ZST) V67+NX=K6@7:8F8HW7$KEV\5KB.>1/Y:7$0\CE!!-Z0)[P/ I+1/=-:6Y:>Y CUQ5TOB=Y_EJP-DRWX#D/K[* 1U7.:YRG#Z\\GG>RF>30[:[0\EN"24?YKON/C[,][#> M!,44#;VEYH1;'.7+S1DW9]R 1F.A&! IFP:9NE8F)19.`IRPF1A M`V/7O?=S`7_861[T1B?(1X(/YBD7AFG&KF9;&P22T#=MEK&?MEN =??R[S M^\ UAW/ 5^>#N+38T%IPL,#L(OAIJ3D8&4>$$6?8,#/@>9`.+L7P5D7 MWOCO=TF8C@E] 9-%#"4+I M!5D"'C;_,/33#*QH\KE\R*-!%&01R==28B,*MJ=@S35,[".`W4`ZPOX,!5OS MT4L49%-^@ 6--G7 M0`IGX%M(,VOBJ!A(?@'^6C".A!5O@57154OV9 Q@4(E`\F_&,6I=E'\"$IO?9CFD?%>A,&3/CSA0E;QDUU9-=WD6.;EJ[: MAJI;AC3E@X,-M2[RZCZ('03S.:B@;*>"KF#'\PU?5D'-;0 F:5Z.(JNK&\039!?Y>E)G[M8\D"6)Z&WBQ=W0V(LD+*PRSD@QV&ZEE?V"" M (8R V,Y")!,PS4U%[(5`XP=LK$T"X5, MU[*\&HLK;- #6O5:!-K MN'CHY04`6FP+6N;0.Q"A>:ZI "DJ;I"H(0=BJBKNO:=V]?%-N6BS!?HC&\ MY#?R7?B4CH/-U=5MM;KE$C!JL-)8?:67OZ;''T1A]4MM-#-0C)9BYC0[NNBX MC(@&>+1:A/PR(L(D(Y.@.D&,8A`NUYF&40)R$@4Q/'A> A$=?1L5S\)W MB!-G!4>`&QX7P1V3&#CZ"&8F"^+XF?Z?3(JJ.$G+4W^`*,_*6*R$98T!QC`0 M,EKW@EA$`#D('MD+A2*%;U^)0.;R2.M709Z7XTGE1`JP8T+`K!=[/&"49O0% ML\H;O*&:RLMNC:/@(8I90"L*@WGM:HH]Q8*^=OT-0E"]@M*'WD`_KZ-250O /1?% 5XWS`MPA&/Z7J;S\*8X>LB"[/F7 M*5C,B[`[Z2O&X#6! ^O_L77EO6T>2_RI"!EC,`/%,WT>"7:#/ MK`'' -D#FGZZF2=2!RV>.R1:3%AL MC'4L,L4BUXHU:W!,."]4)Q[-RB_[YK\$DF)Q;6A'(A^90[*>0P]ARE@$]6.@ M1%@BB!$UAQ8+299PR!64)2?$X88BRD!J!$6#-Q$)J":)QDHWBTI."[X,0RRT M?G(.LT_9WFS8WQE!XX.B1/G(B)&2. Y$A(:E^@ELGPAW&W031Q( QL ;-^'STQ_^&1-2'R7`\CU!,_4\QG4`5V4^[9A?%QV(,5>7["?CS:A^G M?=N[R?AB7DROTEL_W5T7BYM!#S^V>N]$.N'@#U-$2B@./>,>&X11,-K;?/.! M/:P5-PNF$F1B]3LSJ(J,V:?)QR9U _)'Y28O_@Q3_V M_CV9)D.?)4O[/#?C08#B9WYW+X"%EYN44=M>_W NTQ+@!44+2AKB# MQ-7+Y/B S$LIH;YFGP6%>&J=&7!.21T\E3\`V MV5>"Z8ZV"161E,A)!;DV-@Q*C/NR0AJ3@7D*;O9K@7(_\[2>>TEQJE2(4EYY MS.MC=A(C*U4>.]$KIB>>#UE$B7'(&6TALV4,D=@YO(JR?(A1\HKI21 RC M AM]8YE0EM(L=.Z3U[Y"^9SU9U!6$RN\#XP+C,'U!EG'SRA5 M?A3Y),+GUY+=[N-JO08(A0*]M]QXB>!?NCUX#,7HR;G:KP7,'5VM-%'92)VC MUDIF&:62-T=+TCIN9IBO=GGBKE9AY'#DD/R($#AU(4C P7SI,M.8KCF.ECN),%:$L%\;#=7 ML,BWL?4^YTRVQ_1M>=P]G3KJS2[3G\3S+3Q2=73XI4B]`?KS8I!^9ZKS\/!# M=NAO31+\*#"M%BCVBA#'J..6>@[.KLDM,9789-=^,4%,TZT2S/UE\^RB7V%T M3RMZ%R"B8&(5U9@S(X6DMCQ!#0@XJK-8@P6DA^3%B;Z5T7WSEA/1?>XMPU@S M*(VYB9%+IVU=5X$9\.RV-^@^%VBKK?=#)70D&(YB!]0*B[BF`B$/_EQ[)D-E M!XI+%+.F.F`'=2N9/RL,76OHWJ!,'7K2 #QX\,5/'/97@AD58D8I MJYCD8$T6T>8F"%,1D 3\9UGXJR_CP:A,XB'1A1*?O643O*7.-9 M;8P^N^W!"=IJ:?^%`KB37STE4_0,0Z6%'6(A 55IC='9XB_33*D_ MLU/="LF3,D6JA $]182#9[4UA$I23C,(N=!;[7Z?'H"+!V:6M_Q[?OE; ME7K6*6&$T-QS!PBP>HN34H+RBJ&Y+OZ$HCF"[(]2K5EBN!!846VHBJ#Y(/.Z M6E/(N2S!A^SB)8L^+04NZRIZ%+UWP@2,A4. H_TXZ 9;JFFF^62[S:''$K[K7:?&0>_*_F*Q MZA0SOKAOQ?3/U%LD_#$O>S673Z6$:+ULFYE2'R`J-ROZ9;-H>Y?=''_7&P_L MS7"46"F;_5U=3R>WQ;) S]ALWW%;W&D=B!%-:6:Q%VG]ONUYI%O+69G7;JQJ^_82["IVF#5S3 M&W,XCC=S4, :$CA32?D8P M%:KM,\UMWE"8I*44FC&X/7F'L/;IL@#!G %O\JV]COQ"[G!NIQ3CS3Z;:7-5S:9BL2.YJ? MRF*:'`)IA]`#^9W U[8.[3EV)T6_P(G%[NR##U@EO#'+`8 M)+) [1T58U M'61P2EB4!,RA4'7!UI(FA.>GSIFBNMM+Z 2RNB\@$S0WSC MM3A6^6UDA"1G]"1%_>JJ[DL@'R-'2GN:DF=O4FNOMDV=8_EA%(SE )46*T3SEVB ,F%_^WW )XOMB=L2,M(ZC%1J M0DL9D]&W0ZQ$T#$;8G5<>6]SP.#$!8YEFM6)TPZ>PVG)S TYR>$MW7X+0 E.$EHGOBWI(I:JU'7`9I&#)0+UG1W$BF-#^)\L02[XT'Y>GH^>+I MZ`_EN*9VR/H6D]DX-Q@;X0B6D6$NL!.V27," '*N-^1N/YD-)E^]Y?J"%`E@D$:1UB>3/IN#`ZPHE^C0[^I M?,W9H' H%*=B^QV;W==!3NV[,OE\/^9:6-LW(4W%49ZLKI:;,V(E;Z M]U#YTB\`@>*/).L7JXB`=:\Y3/H&M.7-#`!/4_N62NRL-^U.!@2]@]A5#L4K M*B'=M-'B[*(L_9*>C:HP6P_S*Z =,X'UN+LT2V]:7!:` MRFUQ]M?T\;_50_K:S^'ORR^$5WU,4_@NP6^".VE^C>7WI?:"AZA'-[KN?,CZ M7LA9>3&DL;:%^8(`)Y!P-;RYJEA(XQ;K,8C5^Q;4:"7/W]9VUD]64:I+):M_ MWPPNX/'*^DNFW\PO>V.0]U5J8S&]2U^3X]+5R83$"HDV@[&K88*E2.L1AW^M MAS;^K2O'91+Z>#\W$T11GTB!!QYXIIN$:SF`\1K2D_-A'P(X?*CJ8)7D>%7, M+R `%TM(TSMZHGW!/(^)6:\W-=2WQ4@!IZN)2S5P_H_!D_--: ML[H=%E]`!-7HS#08 +].[L&B0R3*YIJ L2,I6 MR3=3V>X$R>J;(5A``$A!HQS*V:N`!>]_D9S?^=D VSIHWOM03O#, M>7IC,T3TMIC>U10#S[UF`[S#Z/YZ6.H=6,'%^+M1 XLB"8ZJX"@/)*J ZY=D M1#]]&4," 9RD?F)R#O5]-QF6",)_8(H7`\$ S'Z$N_SMI9/%\W#V^3`\2F^*> Q* #D ?.C6NO>O^9N&% M'A*"E`?E"V^+`$7C@J&.(AFH\_`W8ZZ9E\G)PPD1(.=2K.DVCOB[U@U4&T2; MH5#.'/]UDI*Z"M%?TW#5Z_KMVX2>!ZY*26$\-XAY%`.6,2#4>.Y(0[>;_BU\ M4T?)MB!G@?J'#KV^>[_CK2`@4J8.9]0;'*/RW,IF65!*DRTP$XPE8=UC]JOH MV(]6NH96+8W63AIOD3:@)\(DVJOF11*YK*D]EI)K10^E]?UDW-]'M(IS'KB6 M*#`-9#@?;&A$:VD^@1=SR55WCLTZ4O:F>)V`K8V P2@3IX0V1*_NH>)I+A M_'`899QW6WWM2G$Y`[:S7F&Z2P:[71:QA`*U2D>+%9881Q*;"Z1@D=FQ:YHT M0_(EI*^CZ7`>UHG? A[7^QH;@'L+"(>(">!D">=\TZVTL-YXW@*=1C3 MRQQ$\_V[T;96 V^/5"S=F9O M9FG9;_:QN+AJ-PW+K*= !8>P!3`S4,B(*PFM,D"J!$Y EQV=NLE)Z#\S4Z@C^F%/)C&:QJ&!/8YXQI)5;&YWW8 M6IVH00S%(HWKP$)@"86B;LMDB6S6NHTH2(:.)_*]?!U'01@*\5!YC5V,!#!H MI2]B%FO`$Q+Z>.*GS\"BMAH"J09/+K`2D;(4[IL&!YAE%TJ@YA=+D]=G87%[ MPTF3GZ22SD*4HEHA"$[MY,1`\UF86$NIC\W6MJ"1J"-D/]@C96RT'DO=Y+P. M&Y\Q1[2DB*S,T#:PMU?9J6)(ESBC$U#`19"X::(I1VQ):0&N03"R+IZNJ3HW M4KJV!P14Q40+@W22G68&*=5:`"0O>3%/N$3K$LHM*-VW/`8"G:4L34TR#$DL M8F3M]7Z23V>!NI32M7%\BUIS`[UK:QTJ+;$^"@YU&F'>!=UFQ"CD`TP)TAC8 MVH?>Z?!SN A\`=/JHQNYW($I/.1YYI"CO7` MERYRL1>+J^E#RGNA17#*(V:#-,VY2$I4S)>M,(98@!^?P" MJB&P:=;N?%"-LML);S"'S%@?E='M0YNEU`H#-7DPR#&GB+]O6H.A,,MR>:'( MP]AV$'/TR2V)VA@UHP(%ZY20C%#79"7(>YX%.+`CJ+0?G MOXT;2?[[`? ;B`9Z8`?4]1P;J6.CJPYKC*VVY$5 P8)+"I']A,ZF>_2E)P;JTD*:XE MCA`E.Q.:%Y\&7T7V?1B)O)Z4_S18]@Z/;(9E%",]*)T&Q*.F%P3 `1'B#.R7R=D&!JZ*MAD%FN>9V KE+#)R,HA[X@9*N%_5CPY"/&FS2G7;42Q1SW;YJ91 MY #Z6GE)7V M8U>/*> ZP`[%R$(,6;1: M0N$$KT;*TMTPSHH7ARV[H$`==2`%Q?88PSZU%P6S!M57=F69NFJW?7*^/#/- M.O4L9A$] YU5E (E%;I$]W MD2UCD .,2:YQ"H M0YBYILN^A!;?40PW#+)I$K>(I+2)--"YITM'`A-;_AO@JOFKG,C5+9^6)))W MBL0MJ@19TF,D)K.ERL-8=1)@:+Y@B^W58P2PC"^>Y.Q?0J+WN[?\V[0V:O]^ M"*;//9 U&2N;K?BLD7:T M"O4P*LL/ ]HP7]#2GQ>AE_T2)OFT%'M:0*HF0E6;?)^6U*T;ZG*5==GQ(XC3!U5V&H7R M:>4=:\9:CF$V6ZH.?]U$?*I*Z P(Y;]1)&+U.$E% M63ZKJ1+;67FMXN&H_$FR8C"))?7?1=6T(5.S-.U[T4@[A#01S;15>)0H5`AI MY&G%0]K /"6MSKF:%K[/>A+TE7`-IUM,2FE0_2`236FQ:87_ M\RU(GE0K[V9XG[/4_RJ%[L-PL+&J:E%EIF1QN6]6^) BRZ6=6V? 3IOJ5*)@(4!'90 MK19R0J7[\1GM.>ZE@L!?PV_BW_=I+#Y/NVZL\];1;[6A;ZHG])69_YP.DT*= M;_2_(DMG%9WAG9C6&JH"PZ>'E#U;8;ARV\9CX=3I/A@9R* -^%?7X1D6"1M5(FK:3GU,"E_ MR*7K>D!)MPP%;!RX/N8!IH[!`\]D,DSU38H#GYL;VS`>,+:F*=NVA40GIDVH M3SR=6'9@R8@4EY01Q]2]U7+[#E&V)=A19WDBQR:.YV%&/>Y+>924>4Y`#%]? M/43LFG"&:GGREU&XILEV0^=4WJA'[!,M>1;#JFFH87L6DD$N `.,SN?2!48OM6? MS*3Z7G]HDF82E SC^L1+F+0675)]7)1@TE>7>%I+;(I,L__5)=_&/1 M7WS,UCZB',R[*VK\L/2$VJ/7/6UQ(SKTOH-O/)?[SF:@0.!)"=R$S)EB*?ME M1&$\TP:W:5&DHY^6-)TR474U5O\^O7[I3UFI_M1?M@ZSIELWIQ3Y829Q B,IX1R.HIRDW:U=F@OR]2/[(" K@(@!9`"2+L+ MTND1$X!20.D1A,V?KR]W$@HJF[Z8\C*O#N%7-\+_LP_OWY2;0=*):N"=_ZT= ML9*\^.DVC+[=9>DDZ5_/#K>((B$&@TX)V\LULUJB.J7-VLCFKC#H?YKBSE:! MVA6!NS.C%+=&N8%ZNF[V#$I:YTI7YE_=M__Q`PV*Q2OV`$';O&YM4ZWLX_;A MUA4)`'T#^@;T#>@;T#>@;T#?7+:^@6AJ7VVS?Q[GLM(UY8GK&JH=IOGVD#3A MMHSZ @?R`_(#\@/R`_'20/ZTM 2:PMA"4(]T[`@*($4R/%4^NN!%V09`6(`,8`80`P@ M=KX0`R = W M1 ,^DC=FQKDQX MVZX@V)U+Q@1N+!T!>``\G#T>WEA&TW+RNL,90,L%HZ7TJ,R=>UB_%@L""T>; M.&NK8U#*TTE4\^F[\$Y M'ZC[28\UM MWKL4"$'^[Q4CH@5W#G`!N`! ("_"@&@E".A3Q'S ]$$CVVO5:T MY=BNRTD58-9CK+']#@?S[5*`#(FZ8R3J7@TZ`9@`3`!F!X'Y!IT +:/4M*3'_";O6]_M`DS49A MO#1#2%U3/;B =RW]D,%`@\*8'[K1N .&"7LOK M=I&T/2)KAEWEMX>I^;I-X_Z\B80J3?)$)$:W(M,(ZFE81SNW2`3Y:_6D@#;$ M;PLG3RZ0JIF)O*2_JZ]WU-&Y:5Y`UJ&QK`,`8;.H_9*E^?-[LD\ULG\EF9#O MZBI&?PF'R3Z;V0&D`%(`Z9&']T'R;:^2$T`IH/108?/S8C@*BXY"(0B'V6+* M?P_CB8#PJQOA_]F']V^&B5; PC$HYZ5EP?O8^NAEJ5`XT:J!K7K>N@6Z0H&]`WX"^`7T#^@;T#>B; M2],W$$M!1?$^_/L@OHM80[7^5F\/21%NRZ8?)UM^^=KXPJP5R`_(#\@/R`_( M3P?Y`T?*;>+EK]+-?-1&8?9-%-I`D@L'R&TY\9?UL-Y I@`N`!>` MJXT^R ;C`P;$?*:)]]=/:+0FTR$DG;D=G900E1 MTN,(-P6EKDQXVZX@V)T+Q@3FC1VR`W@`/)P]'MZ@QC8/0#@#:+EPM"!*>SIO M[%CIK@C_\6.0U[)T9.>Y*+0PZ6NJ]?1=>">N%>FB#ZM(.W+0(CW4G(VZ^'0` M9-L@V[9/.(2AZP%`"Z#51F1%CV"V(.8"Y`'RGKJ,N&>!76LQ>CM]3 `" M #3K;Z"($$`6(`D2;6^IJ;(_YBWD&"V&`6\#M'HXO;6ZA[+5;U7- 7V-`B$<>S:]Y= MZ5?E=PG\:/Y]#:-NAB.1:Q_%@_8E'84KAG,49G?#9#K( GX'5*\Y5C>71G6#UL5 MX+*RG=V(#KV/'_N%ETG@?JE[\#97D&.>=I/FBOKCA[%#W59^>YCJO]LT[L\[ M.:A2($]$8G0K,HV@W@&N!,C6(;*UK5M_&U'-*B]G;RE-X/-N[ZE%%>NHL>:U MQ^8=".GK$5("&A2L JU4-/POR^;%P5 MJ0_B_R;#[V$LYW&?6H/&9:[S6XB:2T)ND[+SR#XB1'H,SJ? H7]^XP>L]H_?:TK$@(AXQF8JDL"%]:;VY5ZZ>""&*G[57V-+2Z>1ZKFY;M3 MVV!8&\ECAF@/68VYVUOKD\]!CB!^O;P=]& *#`.K_W_BSDJ$&/;//&_)/L M[MY-USPWG"7E09\H#S[?JMW2Q+Q!?],^9\-1F,DKM4SD13:,"C';`%# 9L+^'PUA- F_:-\Y7NU)T5>&B9]3]P6_E^*""&_?4R3 M="PR24]R)U^5CL3L-TEIHF;@BQB\NPH\M !2:^T23* ISS>/,X%O9?P[RZ]H, FGERW\MMS]7EWX18>Q+ M`@LAK[.C:#*:E/K!$^-,\K34"9[(HVPX5A\_#>;C*%^HZ/SS0YK_$A9I7KUQ M^HK:-/B.81JN%"YJ8,EXTW2X/H.19?O4OOKYL_''C.5[ )/@Z^3 MVVK$N5WX25^.6^K-M+\L0>^G&J!BQE?%AY*G$_EV.9"OXJY\]X)83TYU+DW[ MUR(34B4G=W-B-TB@[YL!XB;W+)_;B&/FF3.$,8P ]OVW^#(9,Q\:6 MAW#`&7,-9$U)-Y'N6&0CZ8;)S.-.WSX,*!5;4J([C'>594Q-[OC,QLAF@4M] M5P_PW%KHAFUNY(64>_.8S"#/R+(9.-S"MFD9C'$#,^SRFDF@[NEEF;2KD6S7 M(I02CW`Y*]+T(U/:^AD#=,_>#&9"J#*-7>7#02(=(*)H\BWI]W!,N M`P]ME@:D6Z3#S-A=P4D;C(F<>DHM!TN;@P)ILF8 O_'G :1F8&QS?R,'.,;'=+/V9,!!2LUR M/ I(-_II,L3P?54%W%@*3X=UA$]Z(O M(X=?Y1_N-P?B%1$>=GW;)XRXEBLC;U_W"*N(,`PL8X8;K,__^>?2F' L$==:/II,H' #J0 MVE@_AX^EF`1I9D ]L@(GL`!.?8XLXQ/:EN^_A MN1;1#9T]C9:98>&:6[?CL)H@9$O8KS.B&X2:-K?=@`:!=%3URFE'+G]*")6> MD'$20K;DG[AA,6Y1TY,:3&*3ZS2PJL"+N.Y30DQ:9I]>0$B61D+T\T&6CM[G M^21,(C%_RB#-OHCQ)(ON903^>7(;#Z-/@X%4!,E=*I\X&J7)UR*-ONU-)?-\ MW;$-K\R] 9SDH6JB*O@ %`RW1_E49ADDLGH)C M.?V\B^'B@>4X6.H=U] H60!#2PX7TTKKZ=%5_0D^?RS]&N/$ZCFD"8A%P]S1)>0X] M?:#+QJ[ (V9C7;+^G[UKZW$;R=7O!SC_ MH=#8P 7W_(DF3)E^ZV MW9);LOD0I&WK4F3Q8Y$LDK4M"-6I%SIWJ,8K]1F#1E?,3D?1+)-` `*SG/O*Q0904-[92N92FJ7M'YPH ETNGWEZ]F>AE6WZ2M=L8'M,U>[YQE ET#,702XO$' DUW9TFA48*;0^%IEJ:HG8J,M@N4:$=W"!PHQ7= M?I5\Q=*_.0]$GX?"'A0ZX15Z3_7O\TO2$L/>'0_L0B7A;[[_O0\SLZ/N?ZBK MJOZ[-A835;]6];RCE\N]3WPA\FK_;W?^MS1?$OX &O!7>SD2#M?O"1_W`6\7J#OP=JH]?[271Z_4ZWVVVK0WV@ZR/+[&8M M&8Q!NV>-UUMYI._^CTA?_I^9?/O5>^.UI3^7MT?06QLV;S SIG7Z8ZO? M[8TZIMH:CL>C?MJ!`!MD:?J>;&Z_;K4NF RUTT9Z!JQHO=[>;#8OFLU/ M+8$]O=\96JM88]`2V2M%6+95&K?VEV3`:RN952RC\-2RVU98&V5#P.)K[ M09HG&_[B[6H^MH_B&(/1"_*L:WW3Z)I]6!.-UK#7:X&YUE-'Z\UJY5BNWFN: MJ79T[;F [Z@33Q?LG/`>UY^91]%!R;DB>&X/[=7-ICH]]#&]5L6[V^ MV1MVQRN'`.2O^FXN)7GF\N-6A5[A^-1?]CP^M3:=9[[-!4,IX]Y]$OOKZEKG M;5@X!Y8M?=>9WF/7^ZPM#7QYYT1SV9G&%C/`J/2%_!GCF P;N#YL#1PN7LV7@>%-GR5WWGL'CY.N6 ,\4J+A![0.W8:O&FZ2S M47[WW`%*P9-/F'P'0BOPDOOD;A?&X,R U]8[Z>@&?EA:3ABEF!`0'A&U#T^VKGFID?W+ M"P2\JZX8_0`N^8OV_"&0$DA?'`4U!^EOP#=!*"64GD+81B'N044UA0+NPN13 M+O=CR/VJA_O?>/>>NDR66QC+P_E+KEFU3V^F_F[K!8NJVE':+>HF>3*QN&`+ MD+3-96N;U F;\]8WY$U1'[/#^/>;N!4N MTPKYN8^?LWED1/TT$?/SU\=GMEZ1_)#\D/R0_)#\U)`_U!+O(5Y^!#,3RXB" M[R)B,R#WD"R-_9M3ENGHOFQ72DU3.FV+G!(*@9Q.I5\.O"C*2!`CB!'$"&($ ML>9"C(Q$BEP?'KG6*7)-D2.*'-6./R0_)#\D/R0_%+FNE=$T\(.E+YMJV6(2 M%6PG\DT>[=)OM96VJI)O0JX_N?X5G,QKE' S&^V8?$+6>;#Q=K5_6."AI9E?IM$I;Q^HR MX56;@K3NG#,F]-+"$80'PD/C\?#*:I HBS/3P&19Y.@LVG;_B-N$;2A4U[2/M"3J,@-X7::K1HG0^T*#N;($80(X@1 MQ`ABS848&8A5.FHO7_RP/H+6LMSC3`=(\LS!HR;QN"I;+/W0>>(LUDN)=AB* M65[RWKE`B.)_%XR("LPYP@7A@G!!N"! T5/'-MU/J$"W51,L[1\AZ/Y=BY`ID#=*0)U%X-.`B8!DX!90V"^TEX 1T@*,H?VST^4NLX\9F':C0]AO,.L6%>]:4F+K!;OQ L'BPGGTV%ZZ;7O+M2K^1GD.QI]GD''[XY"Q&R3^*.??$7?&ME MN'/L:`Y_`DTII@`L+E^&XDWVQ]M-@.2#*H86 T0GY6#>7;7:/SV) MWW5=D=ZH'7O?T3 #%S]^$ENWO UO5LDDOQ5>E)` M%>+W!"=?7""QF0E #2DX(I8328X5M%$;.@D __*\5@T]^.0>W:X]W[I6551EJF9!SR .1:I\@U18XH ._L`Z+66PBO:L^L 7FFE)0^0.T-H.7.T:*V6 MHG9+.U:Z+L)_>A_D4K:.>F$H(L8]FV'KZ1M^(ZZ1=&'3+M*>'+0,12MOC3K[ M OB5@? M06M9[GF5`R1Y!D1'`D^PLL72#YV(-I6DQ6@H+;VTO*-SP1!%!2\8$A74N1(N M"!>$"\(%X>(, ('64:QV:9NZ1_/M M7(!,T;I31.LN!IU5=!$BB!)$":+E;765EF/^;)[11ACAEG![@.';*F^C[-)7 MU29NI)7)OV]^Q-U32=.SP786I^_LR:0F',*C*;K:4BRCO*29)YA3%VF@6'+E M:S]I&M(T14W3,4\6[JN+))"6(2U#6N:401%-4:V3!48H_D%*B)00*:$=3E5; M,=72FAY (35^RZ_F0#*S#-=3QQ/1=266FZ^M/;`A>GPHM$\/)\ M/*/AUGIP^_.R\)0U':^"LI)/ 'X/4*\ N@)#^>R #ZDU*%WF:I]"5%X0\BDI:T;T4=,,Q:3S*0]1VDU1/K5;[4C; M7+:V,3%]C,Z;VALR#;&JJV3AU[D?1-=@FRZ8X]V*,%H MI'`1X/`W'9M`A>Z4=DN]T M@?W[VHII57_Z6ETDA%S&!BQ5YP0N72TO*_7 ^$7)4HD7V -[JU[IKQE[-AND(.L;&>H&?E$FW6/N!.R6 MN[%`^C@#!GP7T?6$AT#F0O`P#H0\75BR()S[L6NSB0!* S*L ,CR1&+@FC($`QP.)B^6C>22O*3+?!JE+ M63'+)PSNW4%3WA?S`:*\J1O;^5A^DQS5&/;[O_&#^S6J_XI]E'> !,+'0`&#[*8Y`, 8GM!&(:`=-\O#S[E#`I3`0$WG@GY-T1ET";!?X"^8JZ`'0.*H05>O`%,$@Y M(_(ND ADIUOBCY%K"PC`9^YUPW6M0K?`H)YS+B=VFY!8^ M^T$RD$G@@Y*]M@5(1A"F(K0+V\O`GPH;)F\E-:"8O2CPD530$1Y.;#HA2[@8 M7H:$Y=(8IG(]12O"SF4'U3NL"2D#X;+UV5C$;N0LI >!E_(C6")E%D X1LGGK"/Z(>4;"L^!Q\%+I76'LN1)P +0!:0TR&(?+H*K';8 $%+1^(_+7X8_&U$P%SF`@Y3$*V/L'L 4[Y_ZH - UDZK(REMQF-32%[:P;.$8R$C4%C)9ZV/-! M/X*MA-C:P8.,`PD+$2'`#)ASY)Q8,SB?6BOE?-V#7Q$RU$/V6K7.R7A;&A=/ M.N3M7/RC-"M,WPD'O;V/ _Y@&*L2_KXHADI/(H5W0L!P&)DR;V0J2&0.[JK'[/ M+>SDR@9!E M#P=K!V4J@JM.K)I0!( KT]_GIZ;Y#-;8E9:63G FFJIRX(.;V&J9%]4WEB^0/A,#(5:Y7G:BQ_,-N/ M,>STK$37AV:C$9F+%67`[N#M MS/WQ1K9)^`8J^I= 4?VU'_A`SDG`7!![R1 78V'N"GU>^O?WX97 MS!939\'=\-W5=?N*.3;\S*?1M:5KPWZOHPY:_8&J@A$R&/8[QECM:Z9N#'J] M*Q9[3O*X.+2OWNMM*YG>C+A#1K=)U=QW07S"T5^Q$]T#2^27?;Q^4,B*'3KA MU/6112OV;)/92LE K\A@@>$^G=) M FTG4"UY)_"?'OL$*[_, M0M'E3IJ>Y!7U?1[8LJ6LS'S$?+]7^'W&"UU]*R]9?=;>_KR17L9X'`$RY3XK M.FT`$)?+3"(&+')L3,"R' \YE7ND,\Q,70%N(\J1@EG6ZU?K Z[9?HW];6J;A\G M=10_EB`E"6&;LC!(J/R*/X9%[BB;0H&Y;P5LX 6Y(NJ2')N@GFQ(@PQ M>7@EI%HJI5LC^)(\!+5@\?VO&1OAW,AI8X`A)W(Q76N.:78W('T")3(9#(XM M4ZAY8DHV $S]$,'6`W4DN\@E3"?YFM+=+-X]FR$/"L _`GZ5.8+ MVG_&B;6RQ PDZJ")'^X@.'_"]=6 MMW71G'.YT`NV %-*/U"WLW@4A*.NYXR/@B2>J#A^;IL:K4^88$#3A& MKI!%#U+0?RR=8%6H$^5/7:GO1Y>3/#"1+"OM5>[]KKMV9!^E(TO8B23+0 LF4R KN`XY81@+ M^Y$(U3'OTU\;(/>N"Y-6RO/RX84)P# K5+:M$I5N>%"8?\?(W3@3.W?0!MW/#5BR%#G,3766GDP*Z M 4YM,$):7>CD68?)^V;U4/&A))?OM>QDB3QE) MLLXC8;NT>J3[4E`4&!N(9;&X%$3Y 7]H/EC.6V%\!+8.1A&E4OY M(Q.[;OTH*])6L0DL89$E>)Y_!^; 3R 2"NM;V:LB7L*/ MD_N'"_$+T?'FBJPT%=D_9:,9]MGE7D/D%JRC7V,0"M`ZVKI#PVU_&:5;!_AK M8@U+VE*3>.-;['F!VUR)BXJWW00\Z4SC>%@Y@+U74L,D:\CC,[%8NOZ]2$L1 MM^X$T;V6)E"$_576[E;2CQCP$^`E)ZT@I,Y0B@V3TJMD9YB-+W$K>GT42MH( M)6OX@?YX[$;8)0CC5>=4_7?"`MS75JGAH37KX__9N[8FQ6UM_;ZKSG]P=26U M)U4T\04;F"1317,Y9U*32>^927;E*25L`=HQ-K'L[F;_^K.69!L,]#1-V[0! MO N,3S. >$I9^O@4\?F MJ1R//IF!'OK T*OZ:^UJ^K,/TS MZ%@S&5P[/JN;Y-U?AU7/>?\67U#O6NL!3 ?GE&A3XG!/ ^:CG8`HB_ M5'R3CW($MAV!.N"Y3L;/QT3LK@XGM81+ZJ8H:ZP*-:>@\)0UMG$"1[%A*6RH M+AMYK%@!\4F`U2OD?;J/9KJWM^#5X>:1VMS;T&[@/E-;+^_FAG._8$S=4'.X M1KU`@)F-KMUNM&UU@U\M^>22`*9N"WT16YV"M'& &(V.;C7:W=+ UUKXX>I;/& M %BC.^'+YM-;OJ:GB%B%?7$XH^%T6?FI4VJQ=] M*LL6G[P7F.U.*,T//,]L57X2TJP^I%47UE!1Y)IJN_.$V!NCTVG8]G9E[JJH M=-FA&86^,O;Z5H;$8Z//-)J=[?M6E6I3X#I=U:8(IPBG$J0J07H@R?JXC]I7 M&5+Q7$ME>51,\M5CMK6!PYOR\*# 3$WTU=E-X4WA3A%.$JZFWK-*D):9)3]U9WO>^J=+V]1U"OO0B.E%\ M8^L6NMJ8]*V&WNHV=*M=FK2K8-HG9V0HR7ZY>++;>,U4>5N*%9X4GDX%3_6] M4>IL!$S;:%K;%865 NN7DO0N^3JH\TRZO7%:9J-M MZD>CDDIYJVCM:Q.N-N@[%OCJ@J.JC6T%+Y7N7C\"K'=*O+I*H4NA2Q%.$:XF MA%/)[>.XRV?F%9=^/=9)&^`5[#FMRT*KP/;I!6YK@XLW1L/I=!KM=FG6LXK_ M*-" W(ZA,NI[&CBJK MT=*=AF64MP7Z,1JJ[5;U0FZ]Y*""Y@YHVJ;3Z)17[D=!4T&S)B;N:;-B+4K] MGH80Z]I-L_IKKD^":Y0`JZD`4X13A%/Y[UH0[N+SWZI(\%J6SV[9#;M=6GA' MY?A41/K,(5,R8NK"_%6;S@H39YSW;NEFB:66%"0N!A**/HH^*O%=&T_O4@X& MJPK!ZCY>%4*NE[2Z3(B]Z>B=1J>E3M^KT_>OC;X+/![ /NEG\,O>$EWXP\/SVEYJ-#M:3:I5W`XG:A:7BGI>+)ZMA.E;#L ^H##KO5 P5*"+C6*_95)R]\ICZFGD SU6LGQF=JO?HF!F^]CC%/L:G^T@:T1S6 -EZ*%D&"`2)\D`77\,7U'!8+.EK$+`SX=]"& MQ-I]F/B>-B-W.%H8:D1=RNY6G -4RK#PX\2-)S#)"4]L7.Q M6)NK!,]GXUN->Q)&HM F&1U]*9]JH+5,%M-YX0%:ZMTG5:!7.V4)T;E1VS^EH&QRESYS;U\]1CL MZ_1 *0_H/XE=M^/GV5@/_'#R8^QES9QI-* >(8.\+LHQ" S;WU#?-O5+*X&NIRB 2$EX@NKV@- M_X7@NT4KOV^MV8K*HEE#KBR]PS4&`>^']S2"!?E-K'I&Q$;Q#2B--OH!SSP, MP7_VB8MK%KA)!/YW["]Q+>`SIVZ"^#_:6G#V4,Y:`/?%,YB%&]$YAB`DMT84 M;"HJZ>+#S*\QFB7L+(_&-)JS``D5;[/U,;5HN33`F0]SP+DB:,&".PK\E2Q@ M^8\V+:- %TNNG:**Y"C0:@!:."EN*`DR$41XF'.8B%' MP]7BSX%;,-H3'$\8-2RK'!-;XS,"&AS)59#&7I)*@^7) 46-=L=NM,WM#4$O`0BY(\P7 `H):F`1J/@.M]""K))4ET#XXX^,]SPH+"EN .(N'%"?$$/#=-]D>=3SHLT@>Y)G&1.X!H1Q31Y,I^3"%X@ M4W\$A.D\)5K"I8V59I1DS%-0$G_+S&]P.L$QI-=C%H1S!H.9AQ[U\Q0>/BP7 MRB,Q>7LP*%>$Z!X&N=5C^VW-V&\P10&P]DQANX:^(47P\WJG01C-B5^4I-@F M[UBNE4M]/VWSTY5^)3[S!7&SSSOH\(7-864_TGOM4S@G6WM *7+5V DV#X+7O'% M>2ZH/!J5PTZ[78`_T,;,:3A$IVWU YE`6K$^[1L8V*YW+373;VQT4=!5T%705=!5T%705=%\9NB^M M&7[J;L;P`3?W4T^["WT2,Y_%RWK%%RY#N%6 A)1 =E;7].QG@":T[\U:V($^+&X?;A.N7>*_=^ MVWQV'(QZ- T3G4+6JNCE7X!$:1M-401(E!I08 MN&0Q8!A6LZUR"$H,*#%PR6*@931U74D!%1G>KR"EJ%$HKN2]'F=%35:E`.@# M_@UNF"@K$B: />_.A4N*(9 ML;E(5VQ B7# :JXK;*(2)S4]$+/R6HU\"/%I-!$$.W!Z$" 1O+%W7H"-_5PWK@["R0\'! MY,$0G$KMDMHK6!(&D-,3!L.C1>G-(N&`0&ND\HY')=/N-H]`ITS/@$6SD(7C MB_31BF01W( XS]! MN(5#H9XD7;`>E@:V$!9O^[K7D?W]X_?!Q']X*X34#&06^%'#OQ.P6WJ!)[X4 MU=[7B[T/&'?]$/0S_0($N?&AS;O_^8>F_9AV!,H;Q/RT#R\&@?2!C2,2+7^- MV!1DOY]^^QNG(.T_L(E4V]#/)SKYZ6HTP('_J_7'E\&5QCSX`O3Y=7 ZV]4 ]_NF1WX8@VM-_\PGO,6K' M P.^R.CUW6&H]:@FXUZI-O.U;L-.;_.&D_4DMX5 #.YF^>XU0`\P6=\]QZ32X@!,TDT7LCLOD'LY9^_([6-#A/=B_\_".I (E[3K/^A8F$ !`O!2E)CDCH!E/$[]#^V6R.KTTFS&/EP:Q2`C\[&0*5CCV`8UC)B6 M]"*3!=CI2#1A#XLT)GJ4,/1T(^'AH8U*%ZW:6%RET2RR$+#Z;^HKX2KCD;F8 MQ;Y ^L:G_T$]@>8(X!YDO%4I#"VB J2TQ5+($6`)3.AM,%]N*CK?)_*C8C>T2"A?(,O"3(9P3EH.!\T5_';0,@0 M'UD#EGY,.$-N`L9;+*)P$3'X^NWARUZ[C)1(/8$>]OV4(W^ZTJ_$9[X@;O9Y M#]-0>VQ(N[9@W3,OGKUM=?9)VQ9S@_LW?O8NL.=D%K^2(1&S+Z9I6SC/E^>4 M@76=ER?= 9RJA/])XXK,'C=/H#FP' M[0TXHA@5#>(L=79'`/]S\A^P>&7(/^WXNV(X8R52"D+A6@@%@7\-MPO(T-,, MVE*9 [8R.ALXK^2DMXTQ!&0;-*XZ7V#K0!M=20=D^0F1_BG7/H 2O*^`:6$K?1%-@'.PCC[V20%2T&&3\D M4UCEJ=A`D@:Z*6ZH6(`BAG93U#8^O:.^,!$8:'D6"980W(*; G[;%]/(C*(`>4\BY"G,TE=0SD`^&EM;-FX MF=24V=94:6=(6,AM%H^$8*6E@4B:T@`WN@(0)'=#YV!$D1V$$+O8>+H+,-L? MZV)&(,*HZQNQ[8UP[0,&9+4>&%XP\^]@$A]##7$>,?2G@4$H(.H^D-[LUDJ+ METM&V+7B(IDMTQ;I"@;YYDR) WSB]?G\YSTN\OFP-YV#F'CM$Q#:MU8UIVM]WM#77+N 9 M3_*]."$+W?7D-K!X65@UD?;I!1[.W_\YB1@' ;=\?IC*Y` ,;TGB)* M72AB#ZWNR#` ((8$4'Y.R!+?HM[ MLK^$P%:@ KQ M%1P^TX!E/ ?4(FKMK)/.@M MB>(E4"#@1*P-OUFN_U+H:`!4P$,G6]@=&I9NMWJMX6#4[;2LUL@:9M)5MUHZ M2E=;'V0K=`BY+VFYUL5_) .T[5,:-!N=SMR?(YI#7N]JW 75\;YK5ER`$\]J;5 M6`:A*SA'-KD5MOL(ON-[#*9M]FX&`WW4 "`HX."R!;7\04D;0.Y7JU_BY2\W ME0OGYUT &R:)84&([O,BUTFEAO&X\@(%H`)"Q;BP-AN8AFAXY.S M:7&9C%3O_8J7T8>V(G0=T1M?%6FS?%H->=.X/YU!'QDW 3TP M#444 [;:/[*/F:KB++ W('-V1"D;30'0E):$DJ)(4*`.^ 902.#>$F!%J8RP MA/C'QMTA&'.J!B%MH3D0DHX"&5,L)!$01$M-J&XJI&AD+1R"`Y"VT1P(*68 >:H89]B""6(T.0MM$ RTB%`E.A16Q:]M:@P7UI&\VAD*20@0Q"T%9K"+)1K+H]!BL1#T+: M0K,SI-;14,5LY-YQ%:_&W:XS+69;G([FCHEK0W/4LFK)W?NVK_$2 WFKSW0>]W)_G^)\)-]>Q[W\Z6 _W/5 M 3Y9'O[\;G[PITL6T M2%TM7%)61>HS)WTI>-W[L.PWQK_-BT_U,^O>SU7-D^N\3*OR^.5D1>.!I[P/ M#,(^`_TH@Z#:+A]7Z?7H^VE6NGY7%TE1U&J["F=?23$K4M\+[8 QJF6?YY=WQ2NNY M_.+"]U(IDN2H\GFKBYZBH-LRN:TSTIOF)T7R=U[W6VAN/![9M@]L62?/>N1^ M,KH."=/F[O;J]&,.$[)(G'V[BG7W[U5=67K=]%U)NZXJ;3/-ZR)W?0'G/A=Y M-+\IVMK9'OHV][W^58FV5 %Z?PU?1S3^0` MPN/1BI4"WIG+0LS:%/ZD;MV8U\4`OK%HG _[CW2RD6PN ,8];9/BW?1-\QG#17(]3>=]P+U:+->.9/EYD'O+H*M2 M\VL/ENY-5M4S>S%-G P0>X\G+B M=I7TA?L+'_\%4$L#!!0````(`/=N/48(-NSAH28``,BD`0`5`!P`;F9L>"TR M,#$T,3(S,5]C86PN>&UL550)``,R@LI4,H+*5'5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``.1= M6W/;N))^WZK]#]Z ?6+A:K)%%+TDY]O[Z M;4BR(]NR1%$DY>1,U=B.!#2[/S3Z!H#X[>^W5^.#&U]6>3%Y^X;\@M\ %_8Z96?U`?'I=>U=P?? M\GIT\*?SU5\'H2RN#OXLRK_R&_V?!Z$HKWPYOCOXTYO3?`PT*X06I`[F?\&' M?QE=^8/;*O^ULB-_I3\65M &W;]]^N37E^)>BO#Q,,*:'#[U> M;!'_A>Z;H?@1(@FBY)?;RKTY`*$G50/ZBY:_WL8/'K7_1F>MB5+J F\D=GUO?KBZOM?G\-Q,:GAKX^Y*75Y MUU!1=B2[-[F.]=@F/0GWB'9?$G[290F&_*;IC-Z.2E] F[.X=`^2JO(RP5X!(U&4(( M"$_RS0PVZ-HK?R>WU][""%[D5_#9YW"F[V;M3HMRJ5=#]>GZ.;U*?CJMIZ7_ M(Y_D5].K>W:^3IPO/WH(J4[S"6A.Y-6,\\N99D V`=,_R7>HQ&$/K? :\AK0H3L:% MY^UPM)J2[E6^9@ZB,8$N>)U4Q3AWT6$N^Z4&/&[HV"-O9[H$;$:^SJT>MV9T M)95NN3ZOX6 Z\?^ NW/W M^U27&CR\KSY`C'HUR4,^+XDN16J;^-R&QNX I;C='!BN:=OK\Y>('A(`W M>2QM0SJTU*3A4.]$M%.9WOO@RQ*R/'U[5%5^%E-]S+7)QWF=MY%G.X*=RK)M M/-R@:Z?\??&V@#AU/*^Z=*A#[0AW*EM M^/+JO3?U)C96M>V6`TXE/_>3O"@_%?7VEJ0%J8[YEQQWQ7\S4MWRGW;&?C-* MW7(_?R#$YS>^K'.8)SM+L1W%W:7Y7%YJ,#\S_P$.^\%$G>>7\_@.PGAKB^FL MV'(&64B32OE.1/ G97'U/A]/:^_B$F] [E'']PL_?EY\L5?%V4=]631,&;BCS/%BV*YIOC@ 8WBW=WOOK@L]?4HMT>EUTU5;F?"? 8T^N;XZT1/70Y?[\;T,S(=\#T" M6Q:3LP^0D57SU>>-3*[ITP]'1S>@7W'$3HOR7$?#:Z?EK.PZ-\9@E>I3G9?_ MT.-I8^O0\7/ZD?RDJO.KZ$0>'@L!U(IV[^[BAH%2VWJJQW_H.K+==+MGW\_M M!YF&5F!CSPZXVWK%L\^5S>>T[]??9M^ 0?JX&(!R$^J=C' ^Q-'O E`?LC>,!C;T6\F9_5Y^ M^PB-%DTC'YT>.IL_V]_6?N)BA#_,TU /#L!�E9F= MUYM6Z%+KZ\.(^*$?U]7])[,Q0)@LSA+^;?%Q]IRO.4^1NT^^_APN].T]8Q"5 M^_';-\!(MDWWS!@NF5$,>1\,DE92Q#%7R`8I#-' _N&O#GXYF,$,OMS3D&7]ID6/SY2NFAQ6$5S$RDBR'VO[OO' 68"WP\+>-NXS-?YH5KH)5=/B;#EGA,*$54.X,,200*2F*4 M!B&LD]PXP=JI:?)=3=&/K*=[AGM) GA]VO.FP MZI;N_'F@%#_)'I,&A5@QPU 48;^MV M&W&YI"%'5T59+]8?FW'^0N 2"-D@/FQLV/LP^)T M,3K%`'"M=W6-!O[W$J9_LV&>- _X:TPD!AG$E^=>OQ!W8&.! MP4_%Q&ZI-M^[;!;+"J*=$@*!^?%(4 ,".2(TX%Q2Y0#SBEGKG M*4V$ A>1XI7`_$0%;47^7TI06G6,0,7GQ"O-,)*.B0)!7-MM$5&4284 MI3A)Q6OTC+WK4^>X#>WK>JU6'3=]J=,03]SAS4M#.=3%:O7W$]_K9NRSQAD% M?24"=#@54J*` +. M5G-_'K>[.YC?%Z.\=/_C=;F]XCRGD>%$IB%(BYADX`RD%F"GN4.0)5%F90K? MZU?MY`91G4Z`VZ/RG!;3LAX!_Z=YJ$?ME. QUS`/7G*2KYA%%ZLM6Y+ M*+.!!V=5@HP/"6*6PM13+D&2!NR(LI3(C76)7J1L$(AV0#7CD&!2[R02"5/( MB,0BCZF9RY\D*:2ANR_E]E9@[G>XBWW"W&YY8EM`\LG%MR):LH[TZQ')+%7$ M6Z,P"C31B/B$H$1"%#:7FBB*^ ##-`H*^ #S2SA)LT"38@;X)& M'J(Y9'@J%W(+R1.A7F,P_`-HURX@#Z9 $%!"*!CM%(!V M&N,%VL*EWLAVRL7_Y95K!Y"'4:Z+D2^]CGED9[KUG63&5"(%I@ZB`,A(E 2]:_W E[U;'1- MP4"+BO,WYJS;=3)KD!E.I&:!(,:51`8KAA*!4R2Y#@+F7Y+ZC?7(/B5X>;_H MRG:9D($IGP)!L%F(&6R0]ASB'J4(-4I:KUMNYAMF(;#-L#S=[+(C($,4VN-- M#'%VPJ^X=^)&CV?SM3X&&W$'\W5VIG?-H#?JGRGX3^"0(B%Q@H+T"J6I"RA8 MD^*$2$[,#Z`,K4:R&`:O(73EY1?D-#`.F_IFU&.:^A"0=M)#!&L 8_VL>QWI`ZMN-H"W/330WYF`859G=Q_;KO$98K[/3EDV]?[/&V>$ M! 3PGLWYSO%-MWC,_`YGRM$5C;/@.L%.BS1H0$C%@B)?*:)DBEX* )Q"-"9 Z?;0#%*+L+:<>K?5N+_8)R,NI8PFT5@S"\&X3Y!F&J/$`5X&8RG% MJ]P8UM6P/3^EUQE00RC#_>U\7_R-GTS]9DU8W2&SBB - @L*FP"R3_+Z\0A*I M2/J:\Y6.QK5SE`8R]/&6F.I,W\62:",KOZ)#9IPT@H9X%%1#U$,P1D0$C[BV M.)$)3CEKJ0/#Y"W=F_AN4!HDNENZ0ZY1ZKJZ0P;:G5+-)0K!6!0L2Q&1V*&0 MFH0[(JCGN[\\\$>(\KJ"IR/#OD5- G$`VR"6'S>PI6;3UXN5>FI3&* \8!P>ZR22)O%()%12PC@+K.6" MX^"6OOMR3K?`#:$@6]4M5Z"5",\!$PT8:8-\*A1* '3O`:9BEK^7:333N35K3.`"3IX'_$E?"(61D0PU(B;4Q(" I M\^PZ5,\6L;J`:"@/44P:C?O3IED(#BN5JKBV$U-:0I'Q!J.$P"]#N2#N5;\\ MJ>-![P"?(4;\2]R;//'N1)>3N'OZT9O#0F[S=4'BYLX98U@3ZA7RS$&R0Y5$ MS.&XR]UI;1UC['6_,*)CK>@%L4'J0\[E$2X]/M.Y^S!9''58TO)UM:*-G3-J M.4\Q!A0AA4*26(D\ D%LH#KBIBL0&EX]LR6E MC#F!C>(&Z40K2.6 _ZM+PWJ';X^SQ^] N3K'$@_YJ:7 7C^_U`2P MB7=5^_=^_GM=#+D%F8P)DX)^)B@-@2/EJ42.68JXD5PP98TU&\N/_:`1=QB# M"&=E -.'6^T_KG^O[:-V6=#>6H8AR3!>(^$ATTBIB2]F M- ^1QQ;KM%5$%J 7[K8FE063L,3'^#(5"0J>"(@O-;Z_& ]OW.YZ M\XQ(EA@32$@YLD0I1*EA(!2^ETQPH77+->!ATO1]:TP7B`ZV9AP7-`&LN9., M[Q6?K(WF7^R3J=1Q'JQ'7#$27VNIXK5E!/!4QA#'A$M;GCE=2LW[O*AAH(BD M2P2'V1"Z^6Z)M=M#-W?/I`C@C$U`PFH+!A7B?^&D1?%2` \,CIIF66E/Y4_&QKE(0]!W-^"?+MPT0L1U[J[M3TS M0YAGV@CD84AA!CJ&O(Y[R$2JE`XV-:KE4JGZF>Q7]S`.H39/ZYJ`RVQ59KYA M VE0IIAC2Q7!EF0%W%#J 9(@R1,PN0F&-,-:C03V`FQN@G7K2V5_JM)Q'TCN37N>G$' =,^X-4I+GR+G$H$2:252E%!DF4PEIEZ[ML 2,@ F") IFT"@7O7 ?J$ .Q[^U $EP@H3D#(%8_]_>E36Y;23I7U2Q=1\1^R)+EL,1([=6DF=CGQ!U=G.&32A` M4M[>7[]9(-GJBQ $#HG-Y(Q131Q.;4%T)2Y&/R*%$GD>8&1TL] MB_CRG`ZO&%)%2%H26+`LMD4UEOG8IM7VS]O2SFRI (R Y_VA,P!1]^M7(B>*8V1UHDA+QE'(.L#J!=,.F CY^'+E5*P(6C#D8Y&(YT#Q530!N$D:*22 MYUHT4W:FC@J?"RDYK0#B\W:ZB]JM#!C=F@.%=(P.)8,EHE939$!W)3IB9?BD M-[]"J"M-Y#()EW;*XO?UL\WN\K2V[@'XG=%*%9*BT0B>:QLJ%)G'R,&*!-TW M,0:DD91=7G5^!,]&WV@;EJ:EL75D:WSZ*)C/QFE'0#%-`2.9I$#.&X%\Q#H* MSVVB';VOXX8X#(F2CH3K=G2XW8'3@QUXYXM+=0/#6C?^!F#Z Q@BL&SB*A+-E?Z,LA%9A7C7$G7 &191R MP+5?7270[]I 9VY[/*122=.>C^.$-(@'WJJ8$A%$OD*\ MK2(#.B?*X2C(VF"QD][J>-1M/Y@W^6^8N*HW7A7-5-5CQI`C228_YEP$P)?5 MJIFY]2H?CWRI-UD4#V#DPI8KCZVAU.4*2UD8.N'RK5");-`Z"RL3^;3C)0=" M57FZCHG#]W4#K%IL[GCZNR^-72RMWV;):+]MV1O^M5ZNMB6&!T#M(..HDN'& MT7Q/3'&,E* = _]1]O>9_Y+C?N*G MZ.=VN9REF7]"F5,2/A 8XIX/N\2WA)G**%\VH =MB>P?F@;.^J$DQGIH]V-70[2#S4 E*44>]T3*3WB(7 M0D3>*XI`K#L B[GR[*BO,V%*L':39_9XQHU'SU7.,A\C3H!X M!0J@Q!P%#@I@"#*81#TEK*,?O-!%KKZY?"EY2K#Z@VW^'?. (\%@'E,)5L5!G$!8-9*PRPMXH'/^U@H/Z%?+_D*I*P(BZ`"/. MBPEQ.>&+W`JJ%_7C%74 `+U@CV6\=110:[1WP?5PP_LG MMGKEP,\$3&-'_KP6U+W6_$WG9_+>EWJ:6 :T,+"J\WJ%A;SAU$!= M_GK[=5[?Q1T_ U;2P(O+C\'=J[7=P?+KYPI:;G MKA^(WN%[R(>O]6(#U3:V>)DO0-7-@T /]7#+U8J -RL'8ED$SI#B1J`@6W.01L1DY($G"E3HZ`DNE)]E>#G3'^E*0.4U%JXJ M(UN&T%I>9Y6JW:BW6VAWJ!QNH'+&4TZIAC4'RT0J;!'A7B#.!$T!/BG3 Y M M8\4\:/(A&8, PO?9ZJUM MFKM4-W_9)BQW@9]G"IH#+54L*J(RB;$3H/5H#=) +ER^DJ\YV#RS:XL[NK@*K)1)A>"CY?;V`>!:(% MBL9K&Q171EY>X.+U@W,$.A=&\`/3ITO1J#-;JHS$TH.Z@&+*63*!74CPJ!$1 M%/8/K*60'>^?%`HI'Q9X`]%P%*GX3SM?;Y@TG]=_Y2QTYPBYYV]7QB:KJ((5 ME)Q&0F..#$L6)2RE"@)^5-..1A_>\NN%:D7 G1@V#.Q!CY^BKQ<> M5M EY-`,SQT +'^S)8J+&`; M5]XC(\& V\"G.B)/;J"+#3F&+ M4;`P%$X90SJPA"+WE'GG7.B*HT(WO@L"J1?RC0BAUA'W('O6^0!ZVD)E%#&J M+>1B18)A.)QS2@:$A1> ?GA)L.+=_!AN9KY?FF[:[6*T0H0 MO@0EB142CFIDE9#YE!)C0TAPH6/(\L_L9^/QJ)QR==:,MJ%0_4)YVV@5?)#" M`'?`B$E(:T61DT0@%A2-++H0S*03U/[`2.[.HC+;=^90 5-BK'\O?%GXL& M=)'KQ>S_6J_Q[@2KF!/V2TX(/%0_+Q4"';`+P93X'!>SNOFC7A7S:#\:@1)X MW!'HL0>PZ1T6Z[?8K&8`KI(#N6JN+2REW7GP_7+[##*AO7"^6+WQOEYG27+] ML9[/_&PP\' T4G3IJ6P\[>;$G#MX!]G=?\>C+`M!?8&E@((_Q/LF`L;KTP244C8`+GS M#F$F =(AB!0SI&&C$Y&2$D\91WCF +H"5#AU MJJ^^Z-\PC'N%%0!WGINKQ0/;+"_?$VH_'7VWTI0K';.NXR,L?(V!>@;FS!2Q M#'O#4]?8^C+;?1&8#$'&X=Q6G>S7*=OY[?^'2A;8:43W3WVL81BKV>-=]]?_ M]?,UC"T[/[?P>_M]=!,D\*"^Q* )3 M_%HWK #/\3^`Z]54B43G6>(Y4- ;(*R29)-$& Y2NG=?-YA)R;E?1";Z=4SVI8TN5(1&DE[(HXDPM%CQ*!%`?F*=,2VWXM-/6 M78Z" 2(Y[^,?L6P^::]R]WO\7ZNK%?;V;^31-M JJ'^AYQVG\N[#K,'AQ7]MW[ M3=VL +?V\7JZ;O;M%Q^8J&5VDTD5$F/ E8X@8QD$7 M4VPW2\*YGV32R'*LK0O3MYM'ZX2!M0EY ?AM87H+@'22^U5W!N/HW5( M8\=0RO8$:`EI-U^P(KL6KQS6.S9=//5$YE*PVI0V[!%7FP;!2O'&:B60C6"E M L98RBXWWK(F;\*T!69T)W@M9^_0+LC_DZA]#UK`@,UV.%*8AW M0R4B@G!$"1A)T0N\8U/VG!YU*):EVTGJQ!!]5 AB M).)))AB>%(;JZ7%I3"EPHE8S3&^59"ZPO`5;#60R(2HDC)4[6O&HIWD/]4=' M].5\F@:F#ZM4`W576 ZTE7UY] M_MPO=VU4B?6KM9U_L*L\Y[LQP\?W\^'DVZFG-E%Q9@1FL+0Q6+8Y_RE#%&Q9 M1)ABAAFNDCR:_FH,*FSYE._V`% F4JG=U$I M[*+0H/EJJR7BTN20W1@0\ /Z\;?V&7, MU5)*!2 +,(_ZQSA]BFOU5)W9)^/JOWE65FD ;XU=#)W%\/GXCDO6__R/_" "WO]\ODK.O45[$6?KZ%?P%O#J+TEDVC].;UZ\^7YVS*_'V[:N__]>__]MO M_W%^_@_^\?),9K/E(DK+,Y%'81G-S[[%Y>W9G_.H^.OL.L\69W]F^5_QU_`_ MSZZS?!'ER &9W%^OF9UMOIDOOSK2UA$9_=%_&LQNXT6X64V"\M* MG-NRO/OUXN+;MV^_W'_)DU^R_.8"`8`O:JJ=+>S_G6^:G=NOSB$ZQ_"7^V+^ MZLPHG18M^*];_FI_G9 ]_F66+ M"_O[!9L94RT3:Z7WY6V4BVQQET>W45K$7Z/+K"C>&ELOK)I6KE]O\^CZ]:OT M.KDWB$$'HA5>?SN03?EP%[U^5 W#(JPS@I!A+_&;?)M/@4?DFB MH91XRJR_#CQ,K/-=W491:1^9I>;-;Q1V/]584CU^>G\MLK0TGR[C+WF8/[1T ME)YLQ]+K79CGID?\VM;?#^,REM0?\NPNRLL'EL[5/Y?QG1TRS. !9 M7'7VO53K]:BQ]&_W6K>A[2^AX;R(2PM+87"Q3FS&8C/.Q\T"MB`=53YU?Q?- MC`4_Q0OSW?OK#^%#U4YG^1952_ +% ;9E\2Y+A?6HQ+K0>_-:A)9C13$`2J/+-"JBU1.W1#NT M8QV`] M`=T%IM68^J7[L!HC6# M(61-BRR)YW;`W!Z76LC80#BB;!_"W&!S&Y7Q+$PZ"_HBEV&EOBK-O]:.-HK !B/*^CU:G:7>S6H\^=?CJ/FUJ]C? M &MBU$4: M7\>KW.)6I-8DYR$\^DN\R>+ 0\3`GZ-;8[83(>VFK0T=2^F M@^HDH^LHS\TL+[QG11%5,=5E''Z)D[B,N^AS&,-!=3DT'FY!.JA\'Z-99N+4 M9)5U&="'NC$>5#>;FY\OS63V>O4ECTQ?'_72ZE"6P^JS7"S"_,&$,K>AF5Z8 MKNYSFAN8;]+X?ROG7O?27?3JR'I0_=K-M782])?E,DMO/D7Y0D9?RB8Q7FH[ MK`0NINY5E,99_BXK#^]).K`:6'[J@J'D;\=J6/F]P ]-;B,([]M7F?WX2F^ZG&#S-@UUW457RSBN],&#^;9 W^I#9S&\ 4SU_#*1LK'5IAICY*D?!']Y$ MV4T>WMW&,Y9'85N7Z\UX#-T.':3; I5U7G;'IE4H=QOD?8;)LW3L,_)QQ M-%=%&2_L(%(_U@10+[3C#[9@(`]GY3),?@]+*W;;8LBQGSL.,BU[@4;*`:0[ M>,5SS)7-[WEOUM^J7SXL\]EM6$1V%>[@`;4_ZS'TZZ_&E-)^R- WA! :+CU%5(OXI>XYW=R6[/F) 77PNK##5`+XET1M;YS"$UIT>-(;N+:.!!KH7)0OSV4:X] H=8G%: M7LSCQ D* MY>NP^%)!O2S.;\+P[L)V5Q=14A:;;ZH.[!S`]8[6OZV_#O:*N!+/"FK4CMZ6 MT:(6TDQOH^3U*R-4T)55`*52OD^0@PD@R% @\8:NR][*O-FDR%G%#5?5#W1K[,D,['&ZU=EOHP>O[3;.^Y+E53%PZ83 M6N551W>ZNEYY%4X\%CVR^WC?.[>7+M`. Y M2D/__B36WQ^([&$0 *N\AVE.$5",7^#!E(= M^Q'TPSG,&&!-[#K[XBRCWOOK3^']QRQ)=)9_"_-Y.R U1H``7D!'! M*"">4R.$9.-D G`-E,!4422QB\PK3X4DI`Y-*5/D MM$;((SC==.!.X8#/9;6EURU`% )!SQQ=UDLY'$'?R M,> 3;&B]=)R^%"+:FV.BASW68^?6IWO.*XP^RMAQGWV M`, N'DL;Z0)F&1$:]]7'O7-K)ZZ M#G9K'(P#=[*L^R-9=FB,IGC#[8$G9;Z 0,.JK.Z6#>K8,G/Y(GC`#346>`;_*LZ)1?J@@#P34GCF/P8YS[@E/%:_@@ M@/('"?/[9RT'Q6GB"J*G2PMW2;0^((PMLKQ V4[]VI46]'A%0`B%!7%!/ M^)A@UU7(J0=-W+&B=OII1'\O.Q*B1^VAWD7[?&P?6 __>!`_L !-)-=#?=!)H ID0K#)0V;[@B@C?6 "M]^Q*+G=0!`([KF>`;4ZX=X0(/4+W66WH0NA/-6/965PQCN)UU%4.! M\R] $H+JC)OY41:(#9N);V_#Y:MO08$VSPRE,5&&/ M8]A7Y5W,\OBNOFAM52"^/W;IQ3=`F%`!M/)-0,D=`#AV^08GPCM6 9SV9 MJ&9*-$_%Z]Z%BZVBV\;AK"O+0#B>2Y7D4&KI^]+S,("U35Q7GFYD-)%7=/#% M`8'^?W=\BM+)A5P_F1 >\(7K>11*XRG4XE:[42A-"L"?\ M>F[B,-%MMG7X0O+)!,8#`74L-V@,(W83!8)*X6H((2 WRN[&`38A"F4,N0[V ML(E^!=5U,"Q=U*UR?;2(;PBXLX$QF>R`E7=9.EL="',9AU_BI+H*K#&?VD0: M$`BH9(B:81`!Q#V`V"9Z4 I'1)+)*&2E8GH?IS4J";76+CU$: M?0L3>Y7 ZV.C): M-?'POC$-;I-LC=K29*O6KV4IW19%H(`K(6"04JD]2A7&I.X-75^?V(ELHPP7 MPT`SM=E?+EE]N= %$-VZ!-"(!!_J>W>WK4.(!`6H4N= 3C:ILF1QXVQ M8)MFS_R.X.A9[;H5?W6>H;V&>5^=3R>&`174]7R.H8.P@S0@OIFE0P"5='V) M.PXZ](=PJ$F1FR2K\53>C_9REE4F9O^^M[UT`75\GPHBJ92.ZW@(*H?4(9 >=$6C;M-GF9("`.QM@5"BK,$2*FH_'P6CO? M)4!/E$':N\%D".,\[Y&'0.-D=Y1 VM5_?0WT?*/.(*!,^WX+,S=H/99O&@?2]21'VG,( M0:X#7.&+6B.'@,8`]AC[)$8;R3NB,KV=6VW/VT42 *8?((W_V8`6S:O;BPL9%V4>STJ1+?-2 M9_F[++>U*^GF>UONFL3769[&X?YBL'Y N[FB\[%G2=7.9J>6=O#,LKJ;9%N`K3,A1)F(?FI[1\V.\C![(),.-`,L6Q MP)`CXOJ8NAO-$$!3[:`\BE.,B]4D8\63&.EA'=`:R>-%\6[9M&F[D3C`6C@> MD\#1IN\%RO>A`S8:*]1\M]'$7 (Z@'L;`XTI35S*?;&1&E'>[''V@=/J@F&=CX'&R"?4A=V 2N[QL8 M%/( >W1:FR`;#9U.=GW (\0 85WF%RD.U; =;&'S@7L\IP?70#@^]HF#/"HH,N@P MB&H;R*[Y^ Z3.-C93/^Y#:$."VZB,9V$R M_K.K]1P+MJV87]SET:V=P'R-WAKO643'$J:P2PG%K4ZR;Q/@_^2QWX,PK0"/ MU\U-^]RK,IO]92\PC/+JHKORX MU>JU>KS'IB'WO9 9`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`CQ\R*I" MBAF9=@@BK]T.LX)ZZ:BR!^MK]MX0?2-)(/?4(X SB9NM`C"?9@_SQ \4YDV5^[^G$8;#U_2WB.]HOS+[WDH%XMR$OZQ[:4>C'BOG##7-%JV1>FZ MNWYL/!-F]/JP7=T:M3!O,+I@'$DCM8!,*HF5Q3;\AQ%(J`F+I*]MZ9-;[CK2 M> 9*%WJG>CEXKT`4^@^6I=WIY=L34 M0.$$H18R`(0@.Z@%RE6X SWEYIS?MSI*%TB_8P./;ZD,S@4L?6VR85V[BRV;7+!X843L9S*R8( M,2[L,*TT0%32>:W2B`N7:.726$T'SY1;(Y--[^_]2 %112PH]T0X`S?D M&^`U0>\RUG 4%`E!?9$8FXY MYMHI8':KI&4JK5JIYZ;Y?86!G4!T&>77NOQC0PIFI=:Q/:PRE"FIJ%.[SP5@ M.^`^?6W55:O]5@C=FAT,+O`;BOHO B^\ MN7OP\T4Y?9S=K[\OIY/I:''ZP*WY2PK.@(2`,BN`-8!H906L$."$YKHMKZ&! M])ER[`VT'&:S=QI1'4*\?IZOWM@X_RHGVWY3=P_;9E7;GQT:U(G]76`VA3 *=V$'XXK.U.GX8\?/2S]'YX.X!]8Z ( M0^0+50S-MPY-;[S-$_;>^>\JPJ*B%9:.0H4$(@)`4#DF;J1-6Y9[JSGITYHO MC6WFU7N;I?A :DPRK88M M4;J4);RGL,XTAO>!A0.6"&Z\9A:`$+40CJI\%W JL%R6T/R4#E,(DP M41/F.UWM`U';TO7$J`(`R+47UAD,K'`22"EV,A*=MBGLK7ZC3V/H#J73EG"D MU?O!7Q]"M1!:_:, /Z>(8V_S ZN`Z$/O/4/6G1&TM8!#LBC-A51>2:$="I8-C-[%/52`M)B@MVJ"O.IOCU?6 M]'# N-]=^GF^@+LSP)Q?=-_OLVZ73V\."(PG.*A`,(0J8Q%\HSOUL+@?")G,3> MB/C]Y@J[@.B"ZO_V-%K].5\_3SZ]_!B-5]M:J>G/C8V/5J>8JVDO+)AE0F"# M'"!6*B,]A;I"AFF2=O$,O-)$ V6?]^5JM:5J MQ]G_UVR]7(^>=_4@IWS;6>\I*'6 (.#H`(3FGCCY56F8?L$ MKJ_RLKTRF5\#MXL7#]V/G\K)^KF\>]C^4)=!4^4E)K)^>1DM7N\>S--H]AB+ MQXZL&[DFU.=],W_,9X_?RL6++;^O^O\-%'-Z7\ZF\\7G^6H@A5IQ7I]FR]5B MW?2^CR,C"@:TEX3+X"`,!1XJB@B4#E.OJ:&\-J& @]V93GY+B;?%8;`%5O+U]D-_"5&LXM8<>+R@CC"`& M-5!62X68B.V-MU`XE:W__UF,VE8JG7 ,T:YF3AP (L2^`ZMQV[\_7!A&)3/*AOTNX0I" MBNT.&T03D]4]E\%TZ;1;0Y)?R9]'+_6+]K$AA7>""^2PC%VG*0'4!\-]DXXY MH(;KMMNHZJ366Z-S:S8P.- `2^2R].?'V"IIGPRK)"MST\6FUF5. CGNZM8`^D ;(^;?A>A-EPXZST%P$%F)`W%@"#$;-@9 ML0H'!*$9;AS9M:*/V5&/,/[[FM7@0M.KLJ8+6M&GV8_U:KD!!-4FHDZ,BO?R M*L& >EC1;$_Z.V8EK?'*OY7UHW%96Z9Q;$C!`#7$(:(# M7/&.1LXHJ*3#U@[,&OH]D4R&);_2*R959.QMF@],WH/RQF9PZB4%18HJX@14 M@")MN#)A1_>&@&8HK:E7IBU/UX;1(5#Y3>5K.2E?-B6I7Q;;ZS/.M9.C;RBT MM@0$="F7$%M&F!6HDMU9G98(ZXVWUJ^1=(52#@OY6OX8O;YL^UOOLY0.WE?\ MZZ,%I5PQX9FAQ$JN-#'45])0"M,8UKV5_':M\Y9PY#J@KLAAN\"FYGSZM^ >R7'4,E_1"$H,+% 0R]4K-XG\UU@G M# 5JZ"(O)IK(?\U5FD3\M]YH%P3^ *-89O)?8Z74DO_.@^,JR']`$0^,TTACP91Q%.F=1(:D.>T+ MD/]2G79K2*Z-^*6\"\$NP!HI3YT"5`A X&;#;;J.JI@RP-'1NS08&Y[J' MH/HNR7_M>7_U-#8B#1(4(!X[-AL'@.'5H1_P1F=K:MZ2\-58+0 :TB4M@@YZSBQ MNYT2Q8H--W#H6M&M^#EI,/[[FM7@8I&KLJ9;8'M1+SGWCEH)B246 U\;V(L93'P(VHR"0'DGE=OPX`!RZ$K97-T=0R;# AB`(8!M\[JG>5K@M/Z563G?:5JOPM, M 2`(TYQYZIC9 MR 6]#^X M1-X0U'YM?"#+I0!6,VD1]00AM\DM17E &Y-JX(`Y[(!'#6`(%A9+4T@HHXPR5 MPW7;;535E!22ALZMV (@DY$9X%L>Q;G(LU$SQ;_[]VJ=!N,C?) ML-SB,1K#@&`,G>`.(RPM)NXM.*9A%44#NQR^7\/H$*@ ?=PZ"J/`R92/[@(JYZ2V$FJL&0> FRO [)/CHVN$@,H:`AK'%*1^8*5W8KKQ!* M))ZF9C]/2U\KNL7GMD[:H? B=Z7=[I')\ VTOI-JQA0`,8HHL M"0$N"Y:L/7J35U+@$J_UZNWN\ZY5WS4^.>SAS\5T%4+1ASC!;4BR0>4M1HUQ MR0F#J!] I(Y&B]7KM\5HMAR-HVZ6^G7__]0 Z#W M^\.%YIAQI8)$UD+!PY^ HE%3HE?O`)1K8M,ZAA`DC"$(',;"AW_L MOH7PE=CA^O%VBFI&JTU#YY;T/SCO/02UYU?W7H8ESK7691]\OA#8"J\A9T8X MCSV&:'?_@G)*7T>7Q FH7-K-C`X-SX$U7=` M>CAX_G&:1WUB2&&88,)&:I\T%#CF9-521RM)$L]$\[.F&P,_[P67+%FST>RQ M;G^]>R9>]0LP"4[+.`2L)R)XLYTODSC-)Y]/8+M *398GXY N'6N7GL!)TFUWQ:CR73V:$>ORS"!^>+;?)M[B[M/&R*2K^7_KJ=Q M]:F2 ]X&D'(MD+RU*]1E;P\I^5[ #+ N4!H#)JA! M1,>]$]).P9V'!2@MK,Q>;);D>SK&IJ\ZL[O%XV@V_==H@_%L 1DM7N\> M[J>/L^G#=#R:K=1X'-OIQ`5N_CP=[WF4#Z5FU?QR3B7`_&.]VHRY>PB[M4^S M\+Y8E+]9AD^7QEUBOBVK]HY\P$E3^>-$M5X';RTP(\YAB,*WHKG"%"/L,`@_ MTDP)6L]Z;,H.&#^5D_5SB.V3YGNLIJ^S=Q IY?%MG!UA3JT7/,-]P_E>7JCZC^B,1IUL.Q(45LED@$@LP%SV*\ M,!+I"I)(]\ED;(U($! 3I'MJ/J'8%A-K6A8S MI.2)WZ]_@"32CJV%HDB*3D]U52=V"!`X]Q"XN+@+E8Y[4H^80-W-ZC?8G6\? MT!>#(#,]-T>,M0%(2`.41`1QY1RLU2V.8#?)#A0[>/T=OBMNTW2@LQ@1C(FE MFD'%*;)(^'H."HL)1R%TD,,13[IN.+Q.F4YNXQU7E*_%*3+NYU1ZHK321J"( MBT#-*=CK\2KFG.],UUH"1YTBSYO_=)TB):161>U`4$N\LBD.0C?6#*\G[!39 M68X7S+^3JOOK.KVI^/)I5>;97=SJMZ\^:( LRHK,?J MO![+V'%"5E>SL?6$VQC?ZG:HZ:HT(E#&J;]9_N-V?G/K(AZKA_=1U O^YK,&90("]:)OY6K,OJ"8MWA[M_ M9*MTL(@#>A=_ X($&1[-,1>: MC_FWHEQE&Y>,C96_S>+RLE$0UEJ1JJY3@00'WA.#,/"`."*HDMU.X[T[3DYA M0;D8O&ZQP\\8NC,)_5;E7]:+M_,OAZ_^3C4,!#GI/:/:*@`Q=G$;Y34@6G@W M#=_*Z]WP]0Q@G^)_7\Z_SI?98O?;SFPXV$]P@@(.M2((,X=M5*99 >C=.?)J M#.@/NI&"LJ)2LWKXL$A8+&?NW^OYM[M32\ /AR@\!PJR"DSBDE%O?1J M-Z.D77 `G? ;-T"KECM0L6QSM*(YO=/ M(CF>CO "T8%:OB!T%AIG,Y*M'8M M;C[752 +>5.3- 2"%C3JAZ/H2J MB268[4\\^^+C+P#F>HM'Z^]%W:63[7!JV+;_@**.`8WG!C''I8>>,UOC)H`9 MK?K3)80:\1QR#=`G9?#9Z*@#13U_S&\6655MWKVIZ#72:ZYI]W%EF3+$E*DR M51I+%,0FG\PVX8>:_6M=K38>#1_S*K(J;UL+]:)^@S7$(LT5]XQ)`1%P5%BE M%-(R98HX>0P;VL+3=G9/)M?>JM.U\Q3^D\JY(\P1P\0KQP&O45.FX\5\SY: ,)"T]]+`O9$@!07)8CPU&/*(:YA%X#Z:1MDAF=;,1'D1W%P?#K& MDR?@/4\'H[0S%%$>E:ZH`EF$O:_G%,&> />_11)[@6[5-F?V'BGFX%9010 MA(V6];RUDF!:'+F.HCX$DD/9+W:^_F^67XKR;C/$8>P%+]_SY*_OER^##Z*H M(GA%7.87\\U#F^2P5;&8SU*E@":5W#7M#KNQ;@ JHW:"?@5\T!PP%&B3/?\W:I]>5Q''JFH6C>-'^J/M@F1$"A=U!V>P M40@Z)$@-#G!DXFX3`Y#@Q7U1?^B- ^#QH./F M2;G%3,?#GL:6&=SLG0"*;D$Y@YU&.J) .`T Y-0\&"CU2'!+& MK9#0$BIYL[!@![HEBA^L!E6/'UI7""[(J!%UN?4?U4TY_[:U6:S M G8:!:@SMIK8^'E%LZD ,2 MY"VGR$DAB;#U/"A'W;PCAEZ'AY'M) #GUPI'9/S\T OKV7BHN_DU#U;N;U`Q7XA-IWTX)3XHYW^LTPP^E,67^;Y[DP-/!NVIQ5)Z M#6ADHX!`HMJ\0B#!W60W6$F_X?;9BZ$9XR-]O[K-R[22I'P%6X)M4ZA%*(Y\ ML,>:A52`GA-&5:2E\,@"@V`]2Z)PMXP`@Q7T&_3C[1&G4=A0CVU[M90"S(^1 MX.73`6(D/35(*(`@]]I:5!\2"! OB M3[\6R^+'(1W>F#OV%(!CV@/&-?-6& C]V!E]@9=%?J!:!3? MN]K#X,0V\,-S@3#`M :Q2Z'I*+ATEO^4E_?SF[Q2 M=VE2_[ 7;5J+3:^)@"&MWWS=7/PJRK55P0 MR^3>]FSL;UMXC'7M,DA&+1)0$DV!A4I:*>L[$(/CUWQM+[(S)];>H:Q+QT&+ MM-PAPY4Q4D'G9:.,&.LLZK9"].M;-CP5#OJ;C8#I]%W/'A>:;-'6[>QYFP`! M=$IBYHAT/H+C+*TOFHQ6'>V\H[F US_D,2.GXA]]^OPVZ 7`C!Y5YK9SBK[9Q^D" N+\E.V>)(9:VOZ MBY_URF?S\O=LL;YNU.-CJM:#0VYCS#JKGP")`#:N/MKBJ!H0[BEPUDM(#-<> MDY,VF>MA CB5=:^8 M3=;NU'SY^N%=GE7K "P 24I%* M#C)&XE=FZQGB..^1S'`3TTUZ`VR 7=!M/']AA M:Q7RT'LE(($,-!\.@62Z2DP?HG\1*S J-GQ(8E2W@/H!;Q[&$-:>[:T36J.JP?JA^>O?YGD9WWW[ M\#:_ST\Y!;7K('!A-Q&LWDJK"-!$QN]K.W.%@.YV2WQ^P._$-)]!P+O:Z>GE M%#H=M@_V$[PWTAD#H)..*PV(A;+&07DTX9Q6?0NZS?&J9QC_NK2:G!KSJMAT M11:]67Y;KZH-(+"]1>=EJP#BAN\$I`P(2BG`3I-:.50$B=&RCW +$KE5@%C(N@;9(44WC=J]!;2Y5`K&)I:>Y'B>ZX34&)]YE_RK* MS_%UU?LO*;PW!?='K7_UT+KZ; @L9(0@D`T(!Q:PVVV-1SIQ!VVV'.SX,R M,>UW&/0FPIR3.DKK/@)-R0\90I#&@R-ST"E,ZOE[;\UTU=[>)7P^@R["\*_' MI @3K','[:)I?QZ.3MM[=W?(#B.4EY=[S!# > .! M,O%/*/CC2NB[K1"#98P OR K90>.[!22>OQ1,S.#5$US7(L-),\3A1L%!()D7"D`A0?P!.];0 M'7,PX:O;RX76@@47H?0S\F%R=J@IT6`JCM"M',4.^E-ISKG&6'$((;``>2[J M532NJ7JT((IVBD(?XFKE]]P)G3$XL"_8]R0##C 3?&S;'I7^H2$]1ER+?)D4XGE1D_]-!:0,8)IY#RPB+XTNNLKMQ M0HDG5L>C1QGV!THGX:4UX[D7 5W687!6`2\MD(98 MBN-"ZGR#+4&@FP5AN`I1D^1-)R@'(\YCTI=YE7)2K,N#)2LZ=A 9IND#8 M^JI&*]&Q&.]PA:]&R5,S#':=EIK#0]FS:\)#*\QYO03F")0`*@@94@91@TCS M/ C=SU7"UL(9?6`;%;UA>I%WQ @G,>,0BUQ%6SL&HS'L)&NQ4QPUG MN#I9$^)%%_RNN\]TVEH"5)XI*QSA 3 M%XHWRYO%>C9??NW-O#+$NP+P@&(/,502::>UY+0Q'W#JNBTZPY7ANN:B,QK* MUV1B2Q/.,&\+7!*@/4E.$=A3*12'M:>;II9W\Q8=L%+8JZ'C94!/@Y#'K4,# MO2X0CQ7E..J ;>SUB> ^R./1FV.^_['M./VRJ MCV )>M$C(/PZ9,WS.*01.EKXJ;/V^+121RM76\'.L][N[;HGC(\\V_ M?%B7-[=9E7]89&V3\`_M;)&5N8XCBLKH7:HPNW4XBB-;?MT$;^N'QT K0 M'-NG.;_P'0%:SN+I@AK&3`11)\^>&D,&_5CITXZG01^1*@=SHX\+=#;5W.G; MQ>DN/^&4_?2QP(T#AFJ$/"+2,RTX`?74141B)(YU=,0>3?!%;Q".8:.LAW?2 M`??'!X.P!`$'O%`HQ2)![P6K9X(=G7">T&X".2#5B]!XS?*=G%/U- QFE;)*3LOKKJM( MBI'P& #K>>2%[.B]FA!;#_ M-P6@A.#:(:FUMM8R)R5O]#V!NYG7AK.NC =4@ZZC'6/]A_.WO;). M4MVFDX9^#7R_"^ M1#!*-/3C=F.R;_-5MMB.^F->Y>5]/O-%Z=>K=9F_J:IUBC@\0MVS^PI$8,`$ ML"[I_Y0"J$0M( ;^-9PO\O4H.32T@]T8O[BK'*DN^(OW?H@?35Z6^6SS M3VHY^[U8S9=?/\Z_WJZJ_]Z3MN`NI?'$S@C!5CNF'+9&VDV]^;@[8W^ZXMM_ M[TFCCJ,$]]80I;Q%A`)E-*HQ%)".9?L 0E4,\A9XIF"ZF%"\!H5XU2T0]=7 O')[^7"`V#IN$%`TJ@]:4848;3`R7$_W6K4'*3W7N?J"YV 3E;T]+D`B?W_]JZM.6T 7V0ZU5(8%,?I)>;3O)I5]16VJ'/F/Y553 O_;)D8T$#83GM Z/;K?>[L)Q5"4>@=8]8& 5@9J$0\8)*!93'T@'"J!`- MK5Z;]Q TH%,:V95QPTV SK.Z637YF1_"C8V2AG? 9S-TO60 M*"9I*B]7[71A=XXMN+2,.X$= W%ES,_@:A868(>VPYA9)[!6BU#UK 3&JS MV3W4I1:;0&\96TW9Y8_EHEPMQBJX.7?MPCNI#8:>H&"F&,()HZC!6WCZ_@K* M+A+QC%@QL0MR5F\\%LK?\K7/$3..&"66.(LQ04%G9$P(CCT$P!AHU4D5Z.9\ M+`O'B70,,,HU=)!Z+8!L,,343I46-[;S\6Q1& $>Y>$W90'B4&&'PWW:HLH) MSUC;2Y2.OAZMZ4"]B>PPZ&:GP+YA29U>0E_T)MT[7$^6&G;.*1`-MH(S'#J- MK%?`,=1>/=3(R8I*!_+LC\KB]3B@_@]Z"'E#-%>4V?B^UF!P0-@:'2*8JV], MR,9SUHX-;18W:!=\LR;JM FC).5X& M>&)N@6*;%`S#Y:0!!-`;Q=O?/+:)TI=S-#Y5^H:& W1O?Y6S1^N MU9CM[]W#P[SZ-;M7=V'U\,7G\M]8AOME_3KJ?[6-/6=-?-W$C=4GP\'NZN3. MJ;=W^E5F?_X1_Q43GL*'_P!02P,$%`````@`]VX]1L+X6$;&TP``P$D+`!4` M'`!N9FQX+3(P,30Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``S*"RE0R@LI4=7@+``$$)0X` M``0Y`0``W%UK;]PXEOV^P/X';N;#=@-V6^]'HWL&?`G((AT' 7E)?7+WQ[N-N`KRXLD M2W]]8_YDO`$L76:K)+WY] 12H_\8__.-G\ _RY9Q66&Z+ ?NU "6IT75=H]&VJ\_ M//O^-[OZMAF&X47UK]U7B^2E+_+'FA=__^W=567G>9(699PNV1O.!@`U'WFV M81_9&HC_?_[X]B"\\$)\XR)E-\(/'UB>9*NK,L[+=_$UVW` 'WZ0-6`/_%AS=1"?OY(U:#KSD;3E8X^_/2QJL&KQ:RW =)[.'DJ4KMJK% :-#+G/ M_ BL`(]F@"^M(?_SR\4C M4?NNS)8O] C=;GLB[ MM;,V(F#*\G:4[8T%F"]!EJ]8SB.\]K?B?/E*MVB^ 'AR7Y[O]1`1Z)W4 MZ.R4`ZJFG!/T(MW/I(?&>2J"7SX)7=W&.4-QD2R[1@-HFH&%`\>.'`H-W_2] MJ&T48=->E-VD^ZJNC&M)1B_*`Y'`$=&HP`#60`3W+`>%`/GSX>&O@\Y^"CT= MDW+*V^("'!BHD)V!FMB3R>E1JH[(I!J*9R)_BHS)=/1"2;GBZY*WZ3*[8^^R MHEAX")F.:5(*H1-&EAUAF[2-!,C"BZ\LO\[Z"I3 ;)];:,KS W?-T'^="+;]C[[=TURR_7E5`5E]M2)+9$(K$2 MK07E\12U+0LCTS!-S'%$80L">H$A$^:H;5ESV-."/8]KM(#[Y8XOBZK8IP#9 M(UQ)#5+,?S^-.AWU : MC,NFZ-4JEHD+*_! "O7F ?XH>%3Q!T"*+$M$T_=""D4=`V;$+DR8C8^-8TR]@.+/`^*_ER)VD@`_9P MS]*"C\64E6(Y5,8/DLJF@.M^VC8MS7+JUF(#?"F_R[:`=P;>U]Q^.L:M%GU[ ME;(C"J>.[IEHG$*#,ET] N(9>8'M.HE.H=*" WO'U.^]RHO00K`Z& K8(NHCOE'L%1RCLNXV@P@LS$47U=AW;?%!'W+A]B:;-9QD]N/K?;5&*,I`N M0O4#VX4.\G%`B$="FP>E77K/=0*IC)MN+)K#R"95OBVXC":IV+FXW]:%-+*K M8>U.&;%] Z9LYF(\SANM\#;VO MNF=K\&B1^$G8!!Z-FCP3, N+[G!)"&F`0^-B,+!9'5(N.K$%.Y[(^#HUGYZ=W])OO.&"C* M;/D'R.Y%?*]%]T=Z1:'T3^>0"=6_^N:Y.*ZZ`HU98->N.4X`1QTQ=@Y0X^4_ MTS2@R.(A,X%*LL?6H!Y:F2SX9!38'B41L@DRH>T2W!50H`B',EEQU6UK3HX_ MJT--NXK(09&^ D4[X,=;1C9B*_VLSK5XJJB,:Q M)6$+TR(B56^[H6U8/C(]T_?;Y@RLI!3LU39.5@*FIR2U-[6C"L*4LJJL$&P> MU5_R55^]V9R)>HTVHU^5ER0M_=7HG]ND_-YEDT/L>)$31`;Q*36HZ5*3FB&U MW PN#Y%,U#I`*R`F+(O>(.#8:AC$VET$P$/W3OC^&A-Y=7MP/M=IN MV.4:+I?;N^U&7+%R6=ZRG"_![G-VR]*"+_\?=]H_5 14(')N25E?59.N AA!C,(`^80B M2J!7;[5C&E$ FH/*7B$>KKH2HK)(R*@QR,S&?*:C,NF MZ-22P_D#[\FW Q)WQ%-5.V`F:BA ,4[/B@OS MI]LD7_V#C_X%BB)(78/8CAEZEH'=*.PDV(DLJ \+L564:." M5613WN;9]N86V-5'LMMU"CD?I8V:Z5:GCC70BOD**OC'T>EH2H%\SJ&\1([P MP[Q% 5@`":$(#\[8],_21BP/HF"T`"QF. M`J$ I`2 M.S2,+MH,/*DJU@&/UURH6KU'!!1ESN*[)+T!W/VE*&7/.H3CM>QU"H=*EU+V M1BO5R35)2H)Z EOP:L"(TE&;SV!RV6VK38^FEH('J#1/,]RG.4Y6U;C MZW%+TXMXF\2TA;:Y#K*I$S;7=7D^AR=U0E9MRYKCIX]LN8F+(EDGRT&:HYCF M?G)T.H;EE.H19U>0(]:/%52P@Q5\.5TUAQ271V1.CT]FHH":C,NFZ-8]=3-= M;QX65^)HY&VVX7063?U?NJH^K$X\B?(0EA9U8/A\(YE$IFW1(#`BBXCW=1`2 M48[*":E/[ MBU.IW! D(XFF/DQP.->85 /F75^KI";82O\P@F-!5Q-0`7_ MK/Y?`6HS0"SJ(1M#SJK#6#NV[%TW,$-'2LRZ\W/HL-EW4L?VFXF54'MH1I[6 M;W.8F2>V.#O9(!E0\ MXZ#`:8.$*'#DWINJHCW- L[`?9R#KP*>9%9*";'] 43'!=XA; 4U7H8AO;1NBVP")H1%(*J!V- M[GR]`"$NQKIO=\'N^:!D> K^X:F6#PV`53' G(E2T8Z7F !*>/?EEC`O\7;H.*V'>\6T;$NY-Z1%F,VZ(& M%>R=[Q3=EZ8^A#N(7=DX5IFW9J+!FHWL$Z\JIG3$+NKEMY0KUFUR_XGWRT+L M^F;KG =FT#>\1PHA8B#[#1N.U4 M?;AT1[LU#)"U!H@S;;4%0C*6.ZE@H?G7E1FMP`L[1N_?:73IT!W9>7A3V4S0 MF0,^[?IV-R\M?%L;!7:LJC;XA%US=O+8W=IY.%OYMJU.IX_8P!W,MM1.KGZ? MSG9+=P+37]W;G8K^20,)S/(R3M*W:5$FY58,TWCS-OW*^-R8%RW^T'8\"(T` MAS[!-L6&B 6;+[HL"==XWNO"_0I";VS,CQ;&38 MMDM"Z-@UJL`)B"WUWFW-4":M]:O?S@22RAK9Z\@UNZ1?`G]&WI`+;^I9I:FR MKJ&#&OM9\PZGLR?O7-U]C>[)7KTZCN\CN?V)'#F3)/]4UCZ]A7Q*DF5>N\IG MFD_QPPOGM:AC(8?0T/9(Z)K$=;!7O]P/AQ$UP[XR,:8)?1K0O&2`PYK%;>)' M2#HR Z%G ,DQUOGD%:4"-R0@)#&Q+? W)9F M_6UP#1/ HDW`V3S@;:R]IY&F4\Q-;K\C>:YWEIW'AS7A8R133)JE55 MO@O3U3M.[PN-.S""T#&H08GK10ZR":5UXS!T@\`?H%DC6]2L7!6Z8;HUEDHI M]9J0Q6$:5@&L[@.J(,Y)RXYS][JB*>)^7KJFRJB7U4TI9=(169:SY"9]WBP, M+ 5 M3 P*BLAC8G)3O$5H^H;"S/\U*O\>8 @V(^H3 V134G'8T(N^ES5&I8F[UTE4D9Q3RI_Z!-RLTFN#4VB]29Z7 M6(VV1BH5)DE2;ZDBS1G"(1DXBU`HEK4^L9%+'8I\&[>0(HRD7E^J$X?FQ68+ M?=P^A59']-/"N?A`3B@[^O]46Q4CN#XBM%-X (0:TPS!T7&2%)'3;UHF%I>X34=3D+# 6 MAF>X^:&66#GUFYS3@1KX="]DAEK8A\H>BJC4(S/31;6V'5!'#03*1X1UTO-@ MZZ89V#Y%%HXL`V, ;4F]]7EH&YI%ZD.[/U+='I+48ZV,'XZ=H%3+ M83^AFH(^.8&:D2[)Z]%8.F>B0Z/-.'0J;10MO76GV99(;]YE18'C//_.!^&W M.%\5G\3-`@L_LB@U'!IY06B:OFM'IF][CNFXV'61W*N@Q[:E>3'8P0,"']@# M"+Y4$/N^D509N_V4:4IBY11J'*=:E.H5LHXHEBJ:9Z) ]Y M2W9URU@IDFQBKQ4^),7"Y0_VL!G0P'&)Z1E&$#A->Y[-%55&P@8WHEF[&ER@ M`@9:9."+P"8K6L.)[*=6DW`H)U,#Z=.B3X?H.2),HQF=B2*-MR-3W-44:!#) M[N(D74#7,D,C,FSJX,B*0NPYL&TQ='&O6Z\5-',B':K1J5"BOG0.UR(-3*I1 MHU=)G$R/:B22BB3)ZXPU2=:2'JHTB)S^J[SREN5--3$L"E86OS'QXJL%#8,@ MX(&8XV#J^H2$V`C:]B($I0HB!C>B>UTG +Y&!K[4V*07=(.)[+F2FX)# MR27 -7VVWX9Q.1/E&6O%H B1$"%H6B;$K@=#Z%+8K0(-FTAEK` 'N;813ATB3::WGX"-26S N(;*GB>2;JI ZPB8)JGNFH"9F63(5-9[@B:N G>_R;XS=L7RKXDHOHQSAN*"K7!V)P[:5568 M'')SWNXCBS?"F(C[KWG3+KM W33;>V)^OJXQ%R`NZQX@3@']'W77MAPW;FU_A4^G9JIZ3I'@!6#R M!!#@U%39ELMV3A[FH:O5HBPF+5)ILATK7W\(WKIUHW`EF:FIB6>D W0=W?N7KTWXE8BJ/&!F8B/R[T$*XE^"Q)0 MKF4^JA>KW2ZX3UG=[]O=$NP2#Y"(;T=)0X9B$(:#23=*I6*0CAW+T>3)>=J[ M%MQ&\0X!+3:E:RZK1&K41KCGL$'&Y??_=H=3]Y$1/AS*?_.O4S;#EO_EZIGG MY(G5' @DQ4R+3S$EFXM*.1GC+':PGNP8&3K3,TO5!$ 'GZ_;^U367T_7_\CV=5VRGP]Y=P/)%I`XH#[$F"&01(C" ST884#_0!19:?5Z*+-8H7#C7V_"HMOYO:0>@U MXYA`%.,4QX@PT(1"-R%CJS1$KE#?TJS%A .`/PA3HZPL1.]'?, M#\Y*NCT6''OK(V[#U$E\%73>CG?>PE!M4Q@"Q%S@>1'Q( /&9 MC0E:=#7GV]VN_GMY.MS\ @,4[B-/3(@"8B M@6M`DG0AV,[;LIM3=QY"7C@/;UZ&X]R >M$NU]V3$VXSAWEKWBU-61: M$CCG:!E22*=N,#LM:*=#[9S3QB%?7(>,OL.NO,J:&JYUB[`Q+\4TVBRINA(^ MIK.?LV)WJ/.LPL7-'T4C=5E5X_W^>,INMB")(@\%49+&A*1>XD/7&R%)?MYH M$X=E,?_]R(^!R'M0[ KVYK.4_GX>GX% @B%Z:^RU+D\P-*/*G/KDS8LRR3`T3>=.A!.AW*\>1]I>LQC5`M M)IASLRPGDP8(MG-2YONL32BB2 @AZPB+`TB5G@X3",:1+A>##MIU!J[ \O Q21O9HKE%.\]=I>Z"N)]TB;4SB#C*Q$[DQZ5UEY/2:GC)S>QJK^2`N_W MI_M3>TPLS1Z.V;[;FDFS:G_,VW. @BL:*86>Q-R.L^HK$1I M9W*V7.+%MZ#/_,T_H^E3XR1`(624>#2E )F2794Z32G6&HW_(A76\U-!@`T0*_:U_H>R^KWAOQK3\CX/ M]Q(O#DE"6)PR'`0I(?R@FLX62[#05DXM`[9+_;)R6EP7!:ED>:_'W[0DSD:= M9`F_-&L27\W/P9[:1_)J+(I]$O^&UZ_HO!&2UO#!N[8/I Q5D;TKOK[+CN + MRO+1;N2YD&(`(4F!"PAR`1YDG8&F!)"Z*%[7F&7I;?'Q.PE^ZQ&.=VKF\L)B MCF&QSO&LY,II=,?K&9OS08I6.Q?#OT/71%?8&-,KZ?Z:\^?Y??!FB1(6M>?? M#63UDPOH*8:!3R(?$\X6C%(VV(P2XLD(FI8ARV+VQO I5F_M!FN/T-B&:1A2ZJ48^Y1B M@@+/&W;\\R9LL/V1':]+4 ^WS`L1`*';L-;\A3R4XF%W*T,@$MJM M9,FTY8R,_:RSMO_=GJ_A-$^XEUIH,$^UR)+.HBQ++O"T6)T>K'.)=O/T>_** M'TW O-A2)KK*^A=VG1NW*65U Q/_(_T*S[W[Q(3_7IF'W,B_S^=/]Y]]@"I*=L&R$0I(R2.$(!\R+?3\B8 M_!/H"WW_8!7`3.V$-G;QD_TZP/RLUML6LG/?878>>M#\H%898;4V,@)1;@V# MHM&2Z$[RZP;DEP'VKWQL.N1.#]T9L#MT)6,C$?K6,$9J`=#F6(E%0D7NWHJ' MMH=B#5'1NH_EC.^V1@/]ZOJ0?V_?]VK+W)!Z+O8@I"F"D/E^-%:089Q*G0&A M:F/...>49V`:W7(I"N4;Y;;8TPA(SI4( 9$U0W?>97J'4&G)I0/E.4*70GTKS8%?N\^'Y6W[\5#;%#'[G] MK;910IMDWPV\&$4)`0&,D)NXX\HD04)'U-BT/VO.=CO`OLC>G!,'[F1Z'7A; MHR/;H%AF8#0%=1R5,VBG1>V,ZR)=ZBC;D+ 'G??(YS[V38G>B6+#\GBMI/JP[>7S(^/F(%7\ MBY&G1K\T0/I/53YEC=$@CF$244AI$`8(>"R(QH8TC:245L^294'E:)ILJ(4C M^T6('H-BRCD?>7("^5(#6R9[;!NG03?WER!33$UHG1F&5R)IAIQY_@&(08K$ M&\GE/3?19J>XN/F2U?FQU4N:5_M#69V.&;ZN>HWT0A1Z28P)PQZ(,8L3`OW4 M31,?8U_X&BJ3)BV6Y! D\E#YL!C>^MQ4Z[GUX?,R7I _3.) H2-TWO@="X\^8W*^ . _V>%?A]8+DBTO\Z9' K:WZ>'L3OT/DC)"6J[W?X&9B MGNJRN9()J.U&:?8ED[XTX$=6G+)J&Q/@0C^`+`YHG*`P8``-SV >X=#^@Q_44[$=,,*'7)"\3X3EH[4[\Q.R(`T.2N9]_*X7QQAK^2X1!N[ MJJ]N>RO;-(Q)BE'B`WY0$O-0%(6#D0`3J>DM]V3K)4A5\Q7PH]I `TJ6$%I^B] `!CCT8F],HU(F=/V6*5N6]:J'UTZTW1.`DGJES:F88LU) MIYQF73+Y%-M"JO4.51.Z98KDE2B7,7=*.^^BZC;HKN'[@1^PB`A,/-=+F$\\ M&K@@]/!H*O1HM*WY^:9BBJ7R?"F5&J$H;-W-6TRJVYYE&!/3(]MDR6G0F:=^ M?> %U&2`-]M M X]/PL4W\](V)R0XL:92M1$F7X+S:PZ-"@G_9L@R2`05.U!8`D+(8@(:X[ M[I2)?*DNM;H5RVG.."MXHZ)\-> B8P8=>MZG-DR5Y*YZ;CEMW.6[ M^?/BQ,]PZM2U+"J2W9;'K/N];[N?6?4Q+\IC7C\.60J_3NC)4]B_3LV//V;U M7=G\Y$?S*^V!)%O,,/`"CT:(N@%D*4!N.+I`^.6*XAWP->&VW%GO,Y?KUI\A M$:RY1]+5Y'HXD_HJ8QV0;5;!%RL!#M ` ?"A\V0YK9, M;'@(.>X:6 G:L%Q$ M?#Z6/_**?Z3:C)%@8+.H12_X>5 2',/4I!H"P>##BXHC)I)=R3[: PYS-?*E@H&[$ D3*U9F84ZNLAA)XR LJOR_3;F09UX42-JM(GJ =;0_'"JLYLM1E[LIXR" M($UB+\$XHMY@#K,PT)LWHE:LSYP>R#KG3@].8O;(\KK2^2/MQCLS2(T6X3GT M]RS_?M OX.Y[]NET?YT=KVY;T]75J:[J77'#CSX?(B!C3749)0T C3.HXV+YN"RU$U)I;916HJ'V_"MG>MTMJ6Z7 M/B4>2"E$:1!AV.1+(?*B,7UB@(9R^8Q9VS/6!YW*SIW82-%E8`[+T?Y?-H$E MG5. #QKR'8(BB%)XWEJ#$R.15MCYKD;*J"?P6 M9?)36)O\=4]B???$IK$A&H4G\M>ZW/_S2_;0O+AWNRK[?"R_'W?W^%3?E 8F+J) 3>7[+[7 3GWU`3$6T\RA=I/D7O[BBC%^$8^DB MP.C`K;HN,.NI4*E@@5R)2\"N7[N3$E$O2"")?9`0"@(2-*6*%S,_3`FF1/CZ M9,6GVYOA'-`J;FE]G9F)>:E)Y4KFG*X7+RY@,D"*U%SYHVALM"GZM]WU(=L& MH9OX$6G^Z;(4!SX&S!U,A0G` &Q2:5D7F&(16M*](RJ=V1(E=@5:9"R"Z\(D!X= M$H?2'_BQ6I]WQ_KQVW%75(W2M1_N/5[^!/_,JZT/*2_I4.P'($@)=8,X'1"` MP`WE3J@W9M9Z)=7B %LA> MB:;9\.S%Z?:6R%-20%KRFFE+H!]!C!M+E'H(-O^$X6")($\J_5)X_+R*UH'2 MT311UN2URP)A6AKU+E?65:I#(*A&DO2M4'5D/9A0%R4RQ*NX_)CM&]H^9GRW MRC8-*00Q0G$4@(@D.'#!6"OB`$*I`D[NT9;58T#C_-GAD2[/)(D2K,SL %E@X)PMK`BW->F_.R[EOS?VVS&=P8`Y"! M!$20`$(P.W>38$JEUJF4#%C6B: F&=>;DU$.)-"LZ\AHQ M$VJBQ>-*-$7/A]+@BZ6I+WVFPR(`O""*@. @%S^R8YU?'S)N ML$^@D$]12CP8)8BE?NI[`)/!&,-$:B^\F@7+BG,!JEMI4:R"%.D3$QO[S,EI MC0)IEBY-?X67"9G1XW$E*J/IQ(O+U/4I45P9;S,H$#:VTA"3R`,^ 02 MMP(9BBKR:7 )$[?2KKK,^= MD@A%_T_>E?7&C6/=OZ*GP0S@!DBMU#=/I"0V`J0[@=O=P( BN>>2YUSN8DHQK[KA9$'$C\)(S2T%[HVUTK1 MXD84JU`'S9J.`QBX2G3TM)S,TT*DE4 O0O"+8TPHPXIB8CCD)R3Q+=%M3TE6[6'F$?.&YDXRBQ04Q=Y&![W'D9BKW= MF?]356\"8D!F;F?D9X:O[E-#BIB^\O&A9GO/$/ZI73W"%!E2N,T`_G0/S\S0 MQ9[T >NX%B3+IR1>%_M*S/RM\[J?_EWR?WQWN^D8 I4@2WPJH(X@,1W@YT:)$CRBX806S*/+$#68 M";Z0T6-$%2%]F#82N%[0?#1`Q(F0"R.(P^-^X5AH)Z_8)ZM6A`[,;$408XE3 M$901)*@(W-RH480I#: 5>S^X$-9-JUO"$P\ST[ -NU2U[IK:'C+UPKNP/Y]VSXUVB8K2,6$Y)TL:I MH#!U_$T/-^99?S5U!TZW/)TBZI1(22'8%*F2$\Q3P9)($;=L?2Z+ZRS;MA ,@\!(RG(4@""(A[9+0G&(!&Q!V MM\OG/4;VYA8F:(+:)8-=/@'33*R8BCWF],.$T\>'&S1KV=N %-U@CHEN9[UFA45/5$57_-ZDU$(S]"/B9>PC9#$VKCX=@%B0'? MMAYYK>D8)(ZB=LWP75C[3%37)+#*.U342:CHH+'#9O7@K*BC\XBO^?H4M8K& MCV\P=G(D*8MM0R1-8D#/1I=RJ>(OV-(?[=OB/MVT`]S^46[;WU`OH'X,(/4# M-_*=*+`3?VBR@1$)56H+VM$O8J)UV1(2.0LR3?P)5F(]*E9[=9->`XW1:1K5 M%&"O \2>(`-$I( M?!C[=A*`T//PT*J-`?^U(\N;4JQ,X\VFP[6R]PPB>]B&^V492I$=P!+8/:U7 M*Q`K)EG/;HMMT5F?;JP.G_7;"IP*[*W6R^V\'=9+.>;;9_TF$R^(OF0*3=AS M+3&:0DD_$U'_JS)E5_O%Z8^J:;$HKXIN[W?5=#]V[\AE]I]#SNKD85,X^\'& M)ZX/81AZ=@*#V'=1B(;]("1!B L37_*#. MK+*';MTT/S_^4$3H%"6'PU#6SXN8R0PI88"M%K%U55A':.V52=:`VJ+C 04U+'I2];KX09$ M&$(W"$+']T`0H68X-@+P?$=PUEE6JXJ-+YH,@J9^5S)TB_8H+:*:=RIZ#99% MIZ2?'(*?P+R8:N7E: ;WV[3,B/L"MH&RWVVK]H>V"+Z=-]>'8*OZ_Q[ M7O]H[TVZRAYJLF/S5$'"#@K9@")`/9HDONM' #B4;:JBV-"NZO?+!:(U4:B^]C! Y$U M]*O5^*^TW$Z1,;]JX>*J.MQUWWN"DH;8CGWH."0(_"", F(GL.@M"6! MWZQ>-$] F>K4U N5XMF:!&9]_7%*]4:]FT1H?6$Q6GV0HB>B MU^H-G*YF?D 5^X`:EU.2I5-NMVZW,,7U5F;AJ?N9D!3U+OCK@;WFH[?X M"G]/\QVS[09N.]38^-"&R'6(CS$,'1_3V/%[O!@#;&_NLS(OFEH@+6O%;K@4 MJH@,/HU*3!$K:T37[@IK\5U8)/N6[_=,WTBZ8YN]A: )!E='(3L\:`KXM@@V+D($3=!$8H@CA( MJ`T&H(!$1*/'S ES\U.L?0"G(*]&C-V&#G$NCO9:9O2, MUP1[P;E[V'("U(W29J5"FVMU"S\?]I];[=X$P*5AP*X;I1!#Z(2$!`/*R`/V M9I]]8SL/KO3-4@HBY!*VL!.V9\'(=JP6>[;5;%.B.=7C42KRN+I!]>NF^=[J MPFK?^,%Z0%.MWF1Y?2A/%2E&.M;C/"FTJYD=XIUXU=SH)1O5HB3PNQ1;TF.O M(LBV\:%LQ+)KKI/)Z7I?\I"5UWD#=1,[U'82BATO()[O) .,Y>G@O,!YV:I3 M\=JJ4YREA_JV*/._GP3A8MOV')LXB6,WIAM0%+M#$$'H`;YQBIG8E0]Q3NUJ M:'L,M[N922#7+=:F@5;LB!8Y[8BD=\3^]_@W/=!CWXFSGQX';WUXVS3/H3^) MW.EM&GB1?C7SHG"C^Q?G9>2:T_9""69V]S'AR+:YY!3GH`"F;$*%7A21T(G\ MB`:NDT2(AGC`ZWF)WV_02?:\L\QK`17?I3/$)*=4ZW;7O[TKQZQQJ8&;#GD3 M?>XC5&D\Z-IT*):8-3 I M:V9L/>/,\KDKV7("U&\]$TK%&MKUY-W5PQ)7^PYK=LKIIC_EU!27N,&/`HI) MZ%$/1Q$=(HD]!%8Z/2L+_GF>K+VPGKT^?F"@?X_\%_RUJLOTNE[QV*VT+J9G M*6OEWK7>2I?TCF6Z-W.F5X]YR^YK[\_=I3.DSO[5)-.T^F!#88AB:%,8!#[U MB>?AY+AGT L%B%?[_#5`/NGEX77K+-8RWJ'47XNM4N WZZY MN]+_ED?ST[*.,0NF39X;5T(G!4Z&@&/B^7X$(4J\)+##)`K(N#&54%_J,%TC M;L7C\WE.K.B,F T)\FVXFG\\[ ?43/+&YU^?1Z M/6)%JW[A;."[ \U.L:*!3\)^QQ8NF%R5)JZJ MG[T7&U?&CVPC5YM(\]:KW G3_Z>L=Z^WT6 M=`PC/?=DSA0ZK9R^\D[\51(9DEU59HJT>>D?6 ,Y2>"1`*+Q;@4[0KK')M*`FW.HL`O):G[!RHYA:'9. M>1U"CXFNT@_6\]-)'QD"MNJB_?:X4LB"/M-+$7BSJ=!II7>H=V*Z\GF1[+^* M$F>0%9\ VHOLJ*ZC*[2W-VF#,J M]NT\QB'=767E'=S$B4]"3-R81&%$,([\L+]6.`1!$_6L CRK,D:T MU@2NQ?"^5G%8_\SWUO]G:5G]:T[Q #Q*8X&%O0Q-0X&A_&Z*Z2#24*R,T:\1FM>#.9CID=C =EG_XN59N\BO&.X- MC`,?XM"+V/'LN"E@`APE3D3\*$I\2,7.16E#I7KS7Q_(N/]@T6$7ZTL;E/`N M/WTYYK1I(],K:+N:,ZO&/64EXI0;:D^V*>ZF/_"G;K42]=SN\[EYI'Y-[S+\ MD%>;($I`Y!';IK8;4I^@P`5#&ZAI4L1`A#Y8L0 $"K'T@HLHI-J$"SH5 M158H[Z>Z5E8_YOOL0YW=51L8H@C@!(2VUPRM(^`'P!V0>1`0+2>I^>&HGC%= MNIQE?6&Q6&TPVLY#"V13\4JFFD1J7I+DS*%9*XHC\RJ6!L73:L@X0V?$LA;K MYI*M?H/Q:&QL^_.GF^:O[XI]9WE9\RSNZXV;$!L@#R/@>HVO)=1K_ND10P*I ML)NL`U/U+,Q0$]ZWUYBEE95:]QTTMJ##CI6SK9/WIP]T&)=;`6\Q/ZW:M\$ Y%L!FV)GZR6K:J ;:[&) MS#^MD36."4+#$Z;=LZ8.-3&PLTBWP)RDX6F?-W&Y6OKY9CCE [E%(O(@-,`C'7?7EK8=-9 M3^P::(T0L S:@H^/.OKZ1X M3+K*DF)F>M]+23$W?-DEQ:(TJ%_(_25]R.\.=^/Z\^%K=5WF[7&?R[3.-E$( MB!U%#61$8L\.D@2/>!,/!5J6=Y>"5%QD]/#&*?BLQUE9U^G>RO??LZJ=EZ]O ML[RTOI5%U?QDJF_U;5D MM`S]Y[CS9Q*>Q>([ET7D-]*D8FE95L\P: _]F?.:H: MUQX"V"0H]D* ^C>`1,L:/3"N>CU.2%^_'%U54+ 395"DUO>/=Z)RTD@0K+-R4H-M\]- MAIA1>I_7Z:YK^C*KLO)[MJ5%20_L4KP/575@%Y=M7.0`'X$X80OCG@ %.4UDT+TLI[E(*.I"`+ M?$ZS+OUB#O)X'U(/=["``7";C`ZR]>'-9"BQ!&%.3TB]NOP8(N$*`RQT=761 M=;O^^L??;K.L9A91[!L'J(Z7^(QW^/B```_:Q`8!HH'O!3X,`X 0DQN\Q&]VD\RTP(+**HS/6R:1Q3S?H@ ENBF5R8]E5]E"3AHX_-XY#O)B@"'H>=H#M MV!#0`4,( S$]?V7/:J M0XHI!%U+-`$VX'VYR8Q/5O=0'L&L=SWK 175%#87SA64]1W^!$RYM$6?0.'&9$ _G03 M9S=966;;J_0!5U565WB__9BG7_-=7N U35IE^XKE:8!IU>F#E;9`K7_NCCC_]7_B 7FB-BJK>($K A6` MBA6\70+I=UA,]X\*ZO8ZN>,3=N/3)J;\+VC]1?OU^(,^J(O'6VN8'PR!7;S^ M@G86G6:#4)&@$PZR:G\PQ&+6Y:`PZ`&5;U+]&C)S3WQ]71[27;6)B4/MB&+H MQ*SQA$;8'="$U!6:IE`$0;'1##A:'2I[?/)=9A;YTGQ$->_*G&(`WF9G@&Z> M#;S`[S*A7Y*P\Y'R15&*B_5R4N?(\62D\KDL[K.R_L%>=EJSJZ7^ E%VZUQ2$'92,`4JH`CW M97:='PO"]*XHZ_SOA26_'.J%55@?Y\OE=X+UPAK07K0O8*Z[VP4'Q.NI+@^? M?'(K-3/FZ:S 1VE9?GCIBC93O5VPV3SF;>;IDGHV4&8 M`&)[-O8HP6@0^"@!0C/ALMM67-I>_B.]N_]W;%VW$&44M8N(GE_-ZN)84AG; MP;4>X>U*68;8@.KU!)^"9:N,S)BGHW+#XRA4Y=$X7T [3 MS>_[LOG.MWW^=]O^L-4E>;C>';;Y_AN^*P[[FKT.ID[S??.-JR)Y2._R??OK MEUE]*/?59;';T6Z&:P,IH1Z(H)?$;D@]!W@XM(/(#GW@1)'8_5>K@U4]E?\H M/O8P3R-L'_;C'KHQ2JL/TSK&:=6%-43:_ED?J_6%16OUX8K>QK@Z_9QBO3I. M= Z`?01B9K_ M] TB?QSTSG+[OWTS>]^+JJ\/:F\ MB1/B8C\*2&P#%&+LN\`?L$$' $S?_^ MS/;6]E#V]Z\697_7C.CP7$\"^2I$XW(G5@6>J/F&$*S_ 9Y(TQDEYTW`OFLES="$AZFU^#[JBJVNV?0Y3D@,(\3I!*5 MD00QU=X*TJ-C(`7!N@U[2`OK-W;W1733.V-VP^74D0S0=DP3Q."-Q\&-!: )A`RG M&4G3[F!819)4,=W#T;W8"I>71WCM\-$( W*R^:5]H7\M;Y]>G\ MB@+_A&F_C^^KPXAL=X!D?WG6(7TV@K#*1'LA/8^%H(T29#G.&1FL0I@9+;PY MF@J\H#:BB^K^+KK#W;3K$:%A3^/*K)[&34BJF;H=^3S XTX]I\!E$U:XS M=47//%&\$"7SY4T9Y#GTH%[M37^M10`EC#G'/&T4D\12P5$OXSC'KLJE:68F MU=ITZ#PHEBZ;]FH5@$@_2O7F!0XG4ZD>B*%"&=*Z8'4R]41#F:S( 2>6D(G0O5T:RHNS33KZ2WO "5SBZHE4^F%V(3GEQ MY?)-[([TV.O3H:Q+4H@A8G$"%"4H!10"-IA+ :M+*U,8 ; M4C#HI#XFAN:0(/N^SHU32S$*1: /G]IC3&F6QB(GF8")PA#*G* 8,SOFX-E1@S=U"%,7!@?-Q`4 U]NMCNU^5K\7U&5[XOF4=KNUI^+[Q$0F$L.%8MI!D1C M6T)`>@0\97FJ=395`+.!U2;]SR3^C\A% .;&$ M]*P,_IP:'^;Z:?=F6^^J[L%5ZYNB/XQJ!:E*B1+M"?PX5:0Q)%AO#^4DI49[ MJ=9&`J>9%DE[P]O^VJ5BGFG3JV@G8 ?-MGEMBWKWZWI7=-.ZMT '95!3V29ZF+OQ:WQ>.7MHUX7VUNBA/S0*D$2(Z!(B"& MG&.5X-X\@PPJ;B^*]C8#*^(16'M*TTWSPG[IL;7?]YQLC+3_=WNS^;)^ -F_[A*,\)I'`N2J!3%7%"$$6`Q%@H0(:'6H:D^[`06PA;/ZW^U M@!JIZQ"9K,BY 1)!B:?:]A](.G M:N&_-&`,:U$S@O0*SF# %1,=2` MG]:;;?VVK.NB?K>5?[4GSNPW]7W_H7XK2ZLT)@`E4."FV2:-"N4*'@QG22PA MM3A$S-VHUHOA?#!8"S%JVJSB" MKOVA=MOUX]EM>N.=QOO?KSK#Q+9?HYN&KRFY_'Y(%PO MYT_,M5DE\(3F\:;(OI,X((Q:B!/+W E0&>SI-EI%XN>T. M_=FO']Y]>MA\[CK=C^M/#\4JB5/,:8I0G.92T42PC$C$ T!=I1T.AE?IP(OT!7W0"T&H8UYE7'=&>D%)#Y5X:FR8B/B&KEDKN MQ*ZFGE]GX:*H>R)O$ -8G'PQK"/[$Y)II_E)Y-9#^B?FU4W]WGO4RP,MD7$H" M'FE W-D_4_;HNCB97 !298`J@@?SA$JC#^-\ MV0S\0@TP3]XIK7 44-F`8@&,-(SBQN-,Z#([` MBGF$[D4S@T9$3T>7$@PS;3V)P]+4U8'0*XH[19@6HL*3N/KLO8)3T*M_%N+- M?7&[?RC>W 5@W$3F38]O9]M2FK_C9K=ON/?;WKOQZLA[O9^FF"#)#V M4Q.(*"0(*R9I3`5C#.8989P:B?8$ C$$\/1I"F#J:?W"XNCF>Q/%,(PYT ;;[:'F83_+=;5>&GG>)%GG7_[9;W;5X-#[*]-O4(* MIW&3V&B*4Y4HE%"`!H1IG&B=D3D#K-"3!1V@H_S\T8(R30931DDO*2PT0(;3 M"8:Q":+R_IB\HO8SA&LAJC^'Y^7L[XIA%GAB2)2/Z\UVQ5DN>0(3FB> ;NTUQNRO;[\KJ\N[7XFNQ MW8]C39A+PHD2:::H(KD$C;8-0#*" GJ*-=V7V(6;?O MWX# )"FI6)G"WG>%%, M9VV/"(Y9Z*:K VKML>QL*O.ZKGVI)_VKU:'!&XHZIXBHB?>TP?#3*2?R/$Y MPA-]GGH\6H>V:Q/37FE?B*IZ=NI\KCH`97K+1!_NRVKWL:@>WVR_%@>);K1; MK3?5_ZP?]L7/Q;K>5YU !V1?UYN'=HI$E=6']4/QH;C95]TGQ?UL MB UPW8Z(C6>8#/F7Z] MDG,>Y@V3F3_2`X_ 9=IT5,\# MZ4M3/1\N75(];W0YJ5X[%;"OJG8:MY\`0'D"8$X8%X@G(LNE4'2PS1B1KK)G M;'`>W:O;^R4/0$U'F?SR;2]]0:GVHGV&+$^F?N?,& ;6_;7^0_]YNO32_=+DFVE2;C2L59DJ0@C04AN"DVQ6`1-3A,=,_! M3.@=YP92-X'2_>8$G%T/Z\*GGJY-1*69FMFS&$3!+G-T1; G] MJ3,^9JO>59N;77'[O.WG_^M!+0%&$@G!H&K/QDX!!B0>U1(#P[.W`@*93]WL M>M>P4=%3P,4$Q)M&SM/ENO!X14 "7BAHC-D:2&Z M8H/\F8K-RGF;W=#QM_^U*:KF!]Q_>UM\;;AJZT.:-N4@3J@2F6`XSG'6%(B] M=0;CG%ANB+J8G'`%;43GO"?JQ+'QMNA4]-JOFNDS&WIG]`I7>INC/LA>B'+Y M]NKR%JD_TMSV"[[' _Z.L/C9_IWYW)XI/.[:];=?S=]^.KVO7[.8(9B"+XSB/"16" M(X'X8#X!P*C/]&4SL'"=?BCTL5K?MM-2)R+6[K*]V]T7U?@_65T7[:O9^1=U M#E[YN_V?MENQ\Q8U/56 0NR([F'^23WS+&.ITG@%>7T'8*%J*AW MM\JP3ZY_=3TTR(E0*"80@B3!@D@@& >/4-)ZXCK M$45*D[@PVO4L-=>$RHW+I:B2HQ?G$N2#%/W1LK+Z4E;K7=&JW5'D#D9%#`A6 ML6Q/924YQS#A8W482V9T%*J;I=`#:`.XZ+8M"6KG)3M'7O6T:#I*S23IR&97 M8!DM@(89:+M&U+49-R\$+T2G/#ES/@GGD2+]NW$_?*RZW==O38'V4_FUJ+;M M-NS!*$QQ2HED 2K*M,79$L/PPO1+(\.7-^?:Q'BK0EJUO,R= CG1JZ== M4S%KIEP=JH''^2NM*R1=$2T?U"Y$LKRX4OI_\DS[PJ+:]6 ,:CT.8Q3"]XF:1KG:`':A>B4%Y \"O=&C7U!];H\P^DX/ I:9:^61&Y4+ MT1U7+\Z+(A^D.![E,]BDE.8(,0H`B$4,%4V'`W$9SW,CS7$R%+HBNGS(@OVW MV_:L:A9%4Q%J6!4Y 7[JFIO7^D&&P^F6,YC@K"B M0!!,&A/ML68'4R!#0/ON ]_D9#?;!T!+NKW)UH?3WP`2XA>KM>!DKP&DL\N8? M@1C"F+9["@,(A3#T?1.5ON70Q:+^Q4AOK:^U]AP+S;)RMC`85IJ>(S#;_51O M-6ZE#A.4I92I89RSN*O*ED*]8K9MY\_/Z]W>GAT>V8XY;/[=_$M9[U:JT?0$ M0YK%0B4`YX"24>,)54B[SO5O>JIEP^]G_%]%(]*HA6I2WP4(@4:U/"_[YFN, MK[Y?8&Q# 0/Z%TYR;/K M.Y7]5)5U_=NV*M8/+9:?UIMMO4I!QE6*TX0D*I$(QSQE`Q@LI5;#$!;!G(FM M`QP=$4 $S"I;LE1\=S]@L>I?!)T#1:_I+A /VC>-/72,7%:D>HO L:0/`J,$ G0:PW+7R3KO>,,8 &7ZPG /@.@T:7,&,$O"KGL^2#. \Y&'HE MOQE+ERK]0%POH 0-+D2(B8E4`E0V7!C=*Y8T[`? M=EH^^LY9>N8M]H0^AD]=YCL/OJ/B,W=YC,0DN:O#.R?Y(7*7_R!,D[M>"(;G MW-59 EJ!5@BC"12DR;_@YF#0`^MG993I7.9HP' M,X&W7%YX`66]VSRV:>YDX=C;LM/+%+NN-'EEUV.:6 WW(D!S7*OO-]N9AW]ZF8SY =39:#.X%)ELDOYH4??2(2PD^@'ZB,!/@6O384^\ M>6LR09"7W FS-9*"8M, Y)"(?#QW&@J;:7_O-B#'P[O2A*G'8A9Z;H`FK MDM#QF[\P &B$+A2 M>TVCB397TE@=V>J`5 SN+03S;GB7JU ^0R8TZ#S6NCJB,6$0J1(6@QH M\R73,I\COBIJKC`=JZD6]Y@LH -,5]0>ZBU[@J MVSI?M]M\\VO>,OBO2=Z20TR!DZ'(\=PT MG`_X X?3\N@&%7 MR39Z-D:H >':#`"U+D.PF" M:8HB3'.4Q757Z7QH#.O_](ZDJ1==V3KXP7XV\03L70&C+X/&"`V'Y@DFQQ!Y M @FWJAO&85CX?ZCM MPDEM]X6CMOLD?&OP+)'C2"$+"II8EOE7C)=`OEI0W.12FOGX\64^-2*/)<>9 MPK.$_#F7J]7\3[](%OZ\90F^NK]N:Y(_4;-]QJ?&D&-E21A$H16ZT,T0=H/1 M6)I%_&N&I"T8SIP]+C8'THS(P%,/#7QXJFH"VL>\_$E$:.7)Y$AYL_`HELSV M%.Y`@0'5/+0)9)Y9Z)/+*5(T\J6)8UX?2P#*+"U!VM6=J'0^.(*+$GI[7^YC ME@?J;N'$/QZ+]6-*LT+[^N69U'E+FE7FP@@GT/4 +73/Y"FOFZO:J,/K$R!>E_T8>UF:CN,#WUC[QE/0B*X%?ZC `HXI\&TFQW-BWL\*H6K+K(%BAC+\"SK"CV%/]0GHTSVP- HAB\0!=4:64\TQ,IG/IK.%=6:R5Y2J:W;M? 8? MULB^)@_=PK:5GR2)CVSLN+[M>S#+G-A&,(-.ZOAN&`BM!%8P,UO*J7?80#.` MDZR_9 C%IZ75S&M>EM=[59Q]/C`I_DY%5G'.2NWDHLT M%3GF7'MYCHFC"RNU4;B$4E6C-Y61YTR#^'^IBX>BS#?#=R I$DQ`ZI0O.!]I FBD"];);\E1[-C$J(T3E++ MATE@65EB)RX L;,Z MGI]^S!0V#MPL B'U; OVYFZ0R@G1GJFQCEH.S%'KI/TA4R6:W6I,O>, MBMXI?$=%H"T:6AVGWY])V9"5Y6>>%5J>B^,0!Z&;!5DX6&)]15>DE2?Q\8;K MT`DB0'I(HG ZL5IZ+FIZ_E! M:"=TA(U'"*%O>^/5-C?\^J+3/->K]..U-3?B^C,@!NL!,FCWF,&&`A94(ZT! MX).IV4F7.\]T('J$"28XNZO*P` =W_ M/16E%8(!@C:;P$081A"C+,66E]I1`!,;(:Y=:Y=!9KCT8V"[TV/;_/M8^['S MJ__^\_7/X+Y'#IH1.F#KN]DZ)>3^A_#)C+/&DT^UEQM*,5U/[^]I%(L7`GI$ M3+ EOP79NLZRE%C+$ZDALO$?"')XT+.OSG] M\7(A4$U`#`0)R[M/-)2;W>^09A5C"R+;LAR /+ M[)C4%+V,M`S1%2A)RQ+%J#;['P+2B96>]"$?#:4$,4L@S*2`*]!'B\VJ=O`G MO\_BMB3M/T:SN+HK!VS9^JWN'I]":Z)158/I-^*:W!5M\XTTA'[:XRKP,+20 M$UE)BIW$CM+0248`OI.E?% KX5O#LLLX1&/$C?59)478_:$C]0K4"XB0.,Y@@R,[Z M=#'"83S@2*T00NZ5/2:,&ZZ4OI$-R9MN",U>V'J`!>C0[+DF+T6U;3:O8%O6 MU)&'LKNRE_W>;5\)"YV>8B0T'"N%+AT5'6730 ZV6$4Q M G$ZE4;U1)DV-YCO08()Z M64/X0T[%!P'245GV$$#>+;X!@")MW$KXCBC3Q_1'+&=G ^$FIG=GG6$(,3 MTCUGA! `[F]QLSSL!AZR MP\"#H17949HAVTOL#,9.D(581/3U636]TG9-Q\';3;=5H*_ )6`P)Q '3+8/$B(E3#P3\/D*96WQ^).+41@(YQA8B([+H#S L?^Q6N YR"(J2)7CY1FI]9,9':D=I],8'839.-*$$' :?R;M M:,SS`RNP8QRCQ'- 0OXA9A\;1F MS4>?8#WVXYE>@((Z+TXZ:9.^O-P0?9(WEX^%:]ZML0%Y=^-(^TC`;4Y_ GJB9]`RF?-).HH;K=_6+_F473[>CMM_=6X):PTZGNP!]%^UB4H"H) M>"5Y_;/>R];WX3JV'E(YO$M8]*CNQ/$[UJ4IX2Z)^\5!T[F'E1W'H07=+`V" M"%J>E8;4V&`IS"Q;9-@O\?%S+$H O;PDY4;`JL+>0"E7%@TK;HZ32IUAYENN@(&#GK\4H@(%#:1B-X,SW5FU% M$YE$?^+L)PL)QPX$]^MPP_Y$33@$F9)H2F@E2:D9 L^=-RC M5XEH+W(`*^/'R3&L-#'JIY%3ZZL0PI#F-CI*#L(XM7T+I ;/-GKHY*M;9V-2+.N AJH7 M7WB/%1 X[A^G$3^KEJQ M8HOKACSM1@W7%!. J>,4\ 2E&* ;%/SK1;-Q)Q,0],H@XKMS!>V9>AL-_.=)Y5=1 N*VN?\E:W@9TW& M%U+>5773MR^'OZO)FA0OK`GYF+ .KJ7(0TZ( M`R=RD1?B*(+1;H%QD(2 $V> @==*_&QY08V1DF: M!K26LG=E%?9\,?F1-&)<>T9 7=W%)EH82O)'&=Q:YXRP0)WQQ6#=`72[^O-]HZIYMC__S5OAX/.YBY\W^7J M5/&K1NY2"F!%+PZ+8!VDB.U^>E_ID.4[ G&V5AY`EO@9(S M8[@4?KL/2GZ,K4(FGQS-Q*.8)/44"A?"YO9&\19"&EE=B!;I\.2]K5(ZR)&9 MXULAY+LQ1JD3.:$3(.QXKC>:\&*42$[NG?W !I/*SO2\W>7 MF[;CFZ_C9FDAVB`%_?@,G:#[_/ A/L-G4A.Q:Z@$G%CN&:9`*MO_I@"@Y\Z"Y(PS^)7H"@PBN?A,Q% MJ>A,W8]L_H!K[ML-CC-T0G1T\+H0$=+BRN']!=KH4;A( MP4I J]K9VD0RBZ\4F%2CY9FHE%,55Z]^K+L&WKXG;; MCM/67_/+[H>2VL:I@>Z%B)4.3\Y>:2E)CL`Q7,,"C 0 :1O&BT/MNUC51?_9`VD%B1D39YN20V0=078&]*5#_0+]`LHJ_%OBJ;9#@VG M:MLV+?VB.]#OU-\+'_TE$4(^;30=.S%1W`?MN@]:!^@*_*WC>/9#OMY0 4+3L(*HT;]U+/?*=ZSNFVYPA:%WQ2S(B-P5H-;9*:'%"]F(GO@A'E3^ M(:JQ>(J/2VDH%Z!TAZ2 !D-YI,&=8`? )RQ MZ(X?# ">QH:#0:;9M6O4F1[)7_75)4\#@PX:"_8FM?Z3`Q; M,`*"$CDAOU_L\`-6T(,%'QC $E!#L5F*FIIR[^TN M3(,T 18M7GT4PLR/'+BO7C-/ MZ#Q^#>8,J^F($)`!HJ!BZB"43R1GYE),%W ]ZNTXLM"[HB*\4D/GZ6!6/- MT:ZK 7F="$BI.+!V0ZJ(!G:SOI>05JCQ3C- M,+NV,_%IS9:.%\ACB"W9Q:ERQN9>L=K-\VL3)'6N^>1I5IK%Q.K]$[T7=HPW MW])8-6H7HEGZ_!$\KEN0*/[IMI>\V+"LEU7U=;XAUV0];!1C>XWVV\8^D^_M MMVI#/^GAY@^R>2&_5F7[V&1Y4?>M#MOSO 4B9OSP@5G8:;+3R C=_5#>/=;5]>,R*%[)'&-O8]E'L)ZD;.1A:EN78(\(@ MB1#\*715QB\AU90FCK^I11[8*_Z-=">)E0^[G4$H\MTLB3P_C"PW@![]TD.0 M':I*%=F/(][6C.SG&VS0])#`#M,%][H=8>=47T:5T(6\6>I^'/9H]!##_^:L M'\G==D.^W(=E6]P5FRW;=+!_8_M#LLA=1EUG:W"V_ C&&8Z]!'N6[45"6WCGA69XN#IZP]:W3?V9)$PP M>@38@P8F/K$_VJT4H6Z!SB_P>^?9B==]$2'GE-CE1EM0F"\1:#.ZKC4DI[+! M96*_E!QR(>\/,\\E@\`_^E7#%KV^_P'A]X(6IZZ+,A0G@4/+T2SRL>O;(V1H MVX'0/.L% 4']$U'YGX$23T47CR3DP_Y.$4G`L+QE%,V-W MI$L#?\5?EF@%W#/ M\E*\S;>Z-HS)Q-XXW8-!/@B*1#M$2Z0A2IED?OVR2)&6+Z+K%*LHSG8#C ,>3+^%0,(=IGWQ)4C)3I?6I%FWA 8 MA`AYJ1=%/,%=(!1B^$YMH*M;]JWC8O=6DO.E%04>9($S4QPGL8H+YD104O:^ M!S@%\M[G`%KP9N(M(Q)XZV.`$2BFZK%_R(OL>I]MJT4LOZ!/W8#5UA92%GAQ MD/8U6^C"ULY.)>I"?7'P`*/,R&E2FK@'#[B_DW37[=Q:,WUS.W=UCCWZ_B[8 MZ[[#;_1,W@'3YVVV8ZX+?JHW#M[*X^ ,+7 MC:(BVW7Q]G%3_LRR]M,UIVQJ!_"JJFGNS22O"@NWY2+OB2NGS>0_ZQ71:K;W M?@#>W?\?+P=HTF;?#%K(U0_LVCTLB_S?36Q:.U>YR=?-;W"QOJV?LN[4S9M[ MD1?+8I4O-W?U3[)F\2C+J]6FK`ZUR&)]ES\4^7V^6A9[O%I)S746M_7UY,;Y MG[,?>[*1>W]Y"4J"Q"><>$*D;HA\/XX#X0J2UGEAT' ER@!X]-C>RJ@>:S4VWO?? 9N--D/G7?:>H[._`.G6TCF\GK=KY\7IY%-UNAT+F( MHRBZ65;5S7TSC-E,Z , '2>`2'&(_"KM("86M=]>X_,1NH[=D0P>;FM%8)C;.82ZS M#N,UD@%S& /P#5O&9.1@SG%I:.MR==AVPP67A_=,CEV(+XQ8IMC8 MJ^ FB/IZF[,]T:BLVLT.K6^ M]E0\B,>8P:O@TI.3!78-GQT]V"IT6HG-;[.6[]UE^`(,?7+.>NYNAK>:W:L@ M.>?]1G'.X45@-J'25LL#]M?)LFY=J^SN6Y;M/V7M(0W]C$CUM$-'P),H2$4B MPB@.0\2"*/5B6L #*]6EUN)QHU=@/=7 U2;B^ MF^"8D2Y^R@/80)NIH+;'X$XV(^F47CF-UGZG_$;MZ+UDQL)7'+Z[!'>8/8[$ M;'DGEV%L0P.!ILG/Q!O-YW5V7Q6CX)3]\7.V^E:4F_+A9Q_OV*-.8X%)'-9U MDL""$9>FI`\8"1>TWXE^%,L.>%W ])T:F>7F;TXRV?`P,8SG8EC&4BD--W A3S&B9OX M/DG[*%10T&X]P$M;]I].C:[C0$$I#GW98P0 Y# MC&),',NNT4MS\A-MNAXR"JB:H4S%$N8N3QBO81CMG%MYGM&`\9@@.Q,7,I+* MRX,JC>%16\C`_F`WC]FN&>:H7G;B,,.1$&G*DSA-:!*'*`B[@+SV1.4%#*.B M6/:F6IM3]N*:HW15ARA,XU18L#`929@S28A/ND#C/*8A`E8E3`93;S7""*AJ M2Q"&\C^W],`(LSDL.3"32&FZ.4$_+9)K&W:'E8QY7=SNRH>Z074O#/D191!C MX;J",\P(]A#O8N*`@+JAHP)9MG"Z?,SE\5W_*G=__IH7OSX>U>D6F..@JE68 MD_&$&?FI+" 1B0?J#QL(9]FWWIGQ_Z"]M:()TFHV-C%DF)F9X&O% MU=ZG-N!M!I'/Q.%,9E1::Y^FW.ZW75E5"TH$B1!"$ NX4! MLU&U+QU(ZON@KE:'[:%=CYL][K)5WO1IZU]OLN/6/W@KCYELMP4Z*W(11YX7 M^83&"4V#*`A#[J-^Q#*@:%%D#S**FLU-)DOI`4[;!_@T`\!`?E7]U3G)QUF? M)`3=&76RNZ7FGO.Z37K[HY[ 1\R+\/;>8[ M[3/VQ$GG4=.@// SS_ L&;_4AJFE`;OS0^9"V1QMO\HS\&RP&T$.J>?RZA\QFN++F3Z?VK* MFLL`.MI+?=J*ZP$4@)Q=%V`2YBS6!QA-J+35[A3]:YWEBS;8I^PAES'J,F6Y MS19IZB*>1'',8\]SN1^F=;%RC,.]NM.O4"QH7]QV9=`^+$^BFI-.%3U)G]BP MP4\""^;G4$X#%525K?[R4'[_GSK+MGBJ?_&R9CI'X`UK&0WKPDXR7G]IJ-6` M?8+6#K5;;JZ+=?;C;]G/A4L\X ;5:;OZ9+7>\6+.Z4[[`?NB%S/5\P1,>B@1[J*]CPBA1KB^T`]A>>]CJ [G(J2!("Q%;DRQ8#X*O+KP.88A+%1:-J-[[6EJD$:3TXD"%R!` M7*KEASU26L6'*B1CE<>S_`?K#CU2,_")4?)?U1QC,"BY0S>*\KG^7Q8Q#5SF M1]1#*!;4%XF;IMWUA =AW$8>.)/ M$S[SJ&LQF ['-D8-)[JVVR7E^NNN$@HP8F/"/8CYOH>1\3M[ H13+_%(/\R14`1V#>CUI_*-TTYTHTS#. %CPI`?LS@D&'E!DE+>FQ=/>:SJ)["K6O:07HPC MU0! PAP7F#JI$#/C!LY3/>(`>EAD\]YK"R[$M`KYFHCELICE\K#E8 MIKHY[*O]LI";#"Z0&Q$: %6G.B8CJS7SH0_5W"J,`4##2S),D)V!'YG,YO5B#7.0`,[U MCVRS^5M1_JNXRY95663KZZHZR*U@8AI&)$T#FF*$(WH:T$4BA)F6;I1I_$JJ M^_5/* -4-:DI2&KYDPY$8\YTALJ@*8TE.1L_&IW(*RLR@P;@ M0G^4FT.Q7^[:V>-JP:A7=[ 8Y.7EK>HHS+F*"\8##J)+J_9.(AV`J^ B(0(P K[%/4ZU&!`9KK2;V)9+@/-8[B;+QF;!ZO^TTFP`" Z#5J'#:#;^H"7^E2GH(U#;$>#N6VTVG[/=]KKXGE5[. ,S[46W M["B-YE^E:.=$-62?`#O,AXUG'KAAYM3(=5Z2;O9LD)*=1K-S(MKY(F4[C6[0 MS@UV[@A@)X>+WQF]G1ULW2&UW1YTH+WQOK%_`^:P&X3=!,NIVC)PMZG_/2QW MM .4WS-OEP MGUA+'33PD!M0-XI#*@CQPRYZRED`V4W.4$C;)6JVR59R/[FWGFZVW"^=7WXO MEH=U7O^=_P9NUFL*N@$CM ;G[6.[[HZ2YZ^(HCD.&B> &MP#09[_DK=#KKENX)6H]=2"J NCGN5#M@A]'&+$$P^[H=SG'=-: MRE$!B?Q@\3W;?2U5RW>#@2%/ZZE&Y8>U4^?L=#\/UB\=U3D-E(\68,^DA+21 M66F]I0(?TD_9X_)G,WAW T?Z+VQ2V7 MA$]Z@-UA."6UCJ]50+!"[DF*4]X[4LS$;O22Q8#G:&.;B;/HZR\-M1^@2WPH MBP ]G"N4BJY.9@@G]I,WP0R8RCB0,W&6D4F4 M)ML6^(CX[3;OYQ%I6 EE%$F`I\F2EM1V8QON]X[2I8]H*.ND^7V)[*OG*\_^[_Q MI=&N.J!M]?:H6>^E[PS,?RW=%"L^K$%VP(QMWJ>9.++5%,OIFCW4F^7HGHQ" M#E5>9%5U#%KA'WFU2".4)CR,": FXEDO7_=:G&^2#5@ M!QT'4=$K)^,'=$55='9\;HC*D*,9H3D7[S*3S$N7,HA(W8_:&*S >S&]:/6#'@6%2=!AKA'0=Y5TX=CSEE,.0 MAVCQFHMGZ(E_Z1$C$*@>(;O-JGV^NMOOLN6V+I&.2P6(E]`P9D%$B,=(P"(: M\-Y_O"127DRF&\"R0W2RG%Z7UH(E;7S#EC$9.9AS7!H:Z"Q=^_!TC\\]0JQZ MB-M&V_C3 9E0!X$2 M=5T4B"C`74`>"*7-0L9'L6S`S[2--)1Q-!6L>#*0,#^>#T.`,T_&4L^>GS,U M[=%#R9\S:B/`YN#69A(I3; \''LH2AF2>HQ%*9QWU$/N*NT M%;_FI: 'K]5JES_*B!7>\V)] [+(@W/-%E'@I M3NI_:1C6_^W">J%0_UK70"S+GO>YW-==J?9=7SG+O9,5:[G(X[%1!RF73'!5 M*#$G1@ISMU: LD5]69+61;9@<>CS-$E1PHY!4!C['G0A M.^3:D,=% >OFL%Z6U6/&9=]`F-@1)*C]I,:B5-\:\6+>LC4*M^Y$+H M7?[U(!^TVUUYG^\71(0L2%-!W+`.E7ANZG?+ZY"'@F2QES6"0K6C !TB M1E&(!4L3X3.7^EX7$^%`Z>0K(X$L]Q8;;4[9R7&R5A_T8[=Q+-7&P2;#"//9 MEF!3D V\3%V1"F@5K-"-V9E&YF [52QR9&]:&)NAU_R+_NEKN?'[/](HHY"@/, M8Q:F<>![D7#]+@KS(J6R6O/2DTR[K%I9SJ;5=>44&;C7#22F."YA#Q9\6$(2 M.HIQ/EH'!!R5L`=*?U!"&9CZH,2S-(?&)/1XS,%M1ZA_.2(Q!H*J5\J!XKML M]SU?917>RCGT?S ;^N8)%'`J/Q6XJ1T)0$'D81=T XBCA(@Z8I1T(7P645CCAES9>OMNQ!PGOX'S-"!":M,RMM#`*IB6"7#. MULP3?P)@X*'7P323YUY+>CF^E0"?_KIGU@YI?:A#+2(2X/IJW$MCAN+Z'Y_$ M71"1LFA19'NU9Q]V7:4FGK9-O).@W,IK*?T4QSN+7JPT]6 '?;;NSQ#DC"4>2X(4US%1 M0%D:ABP5J'[>_,A+05L/F8II> 2>O\*?&4:8ZSV.KT$7MBK MMB=;2W0:C5=.H[*=>6IU7N[`4T6``^YE^A;,Q->,IU7:;;E`+WQR6U&GWFX/ M?*CU'!=IE$5%LOMRE[5_[_/R1U9U'V ^;_L7=US7';6/:OX&6KDBIYBN`W]@T@R)2G/+8FULS65!ZZJ!8E M ;7+\"/[I:B;@-H@(22?8LMQ3CW7/" >[`XP MH_2+2: _@78`I@9I$]@^H3PCM' M`BT1XUE"K>=_/LR+=L;^6-Y5*T(1B:(T#=,L\@(W26@2[1"13*HSM4$8AB5[ MA&%>K(5I-Z;5)AB?4ZJ_FRI;E'H$JE>H9;/W?G5:.M+S95J-7+&-"?O[W5\N M3_4WN>_;;6#D!I@&:4@\/\V@%[K9V),[\F.'^,*;$C2-9UAWD_KAL:[ZBWV_ MG+4ZKHM>@:T("S`KIZ^'/2E>;WL:.D\`H69`YEB6V'^P`-MJ>P]TL2ZV\4", MEF.;#C23:L.&`]TAU>;FH&1Q?]GPO 9 \8S&@Q6-3 MK,O^R98L]O6F0:R\7RP# $3A9FK@]I0,,`14$2N'Q X$,]0"O( ME:BXYR99K=S60K98K2U`R+%"6R>7-E396N.I#4TZ=3=@?WH]:,1[GH:QGP5A M2"(7.JF;38/Z0:1J!0HC&? :XV)]-D?"7%/Q;WMQ 8C&Q`M ]&N&G8I.D[G;;D>?\[E_DS_[L> MV1Y>= "I,=ULB/J%2#@"4`FMY5_.NVY-]J M^V=1M=WI(HD3$SOK /A:T;H#A-DPBFQ*49=M+013L32Y!0E\3S1S&M[B.P\:UL M@";[[JN!2S&MGH=&2 .' +A=@%RGH0[6M(M>0O7,J M]#DGCR5N91 [ MQ4F/RAG@^:.9WK:=M_>@*=9%^ U M?[LS`/'67=KVS9WFZ_1F.4U MH\FR1&@-!_FZ,IV!4@5!'DXFOCJE.!TEQ]7->%SQ%2R4H9BRJ4AQD!+B083A ML&>:1FY*J-0E1::QF!;I`YT8#Q&_ P4)AD$4 M0`)1F*742Z(X\'>0XBARU`1?/P[3WR3V1\F9L+#WJ:>RY04@RZ\>N3>0&5FI M7S8IZC+_,C?[;.QZ*_TPHO_1)HF79EM(WLWET#II-QCJ45DW3:^"I*>WM\6Z M*Y_V-O-SWA4_%YS/ I#T,"O6#"%/D1DKMVVR@4&051 MNJ?[)3I#XFXB1[+JOG!RU.5]!_Q0VCEV\"IW%HF[/-E"ZFXPA];)N\E8C^J[ M +JR:%_!R1SL$>11C,(8)=C'U"43 M'!PCJ7,GIC`8KM4GL+U0#'#[]_P#P,I*KCD9LB*^7![4]5L@'39)MQ3%0JIM M)FG6";:A,(]JM4E:Q65Z^_"0-\\';P/#78!W!3,,!F)_?5/HN-#+_`Q%&0[ G=$WY0+[^`:8' UVL%-4. "@[OA_OH*@.,Q(&V$VBD,0(^:[G#$4UP=2AKM179QWCF3[3 M\NUQV._1E0_\EF+V[#X.6Q3;_B-$VS5%WO]DZJE:7V_*N^&B64G)U$*_F%K. MS;R =U%LBC%I#JLW-5.47_6S;;9OB;V55 M/FP??N97EVS&C E5H)XB M'?Y'] =?_J6#/%?]S5=;-Y[HKVO&`J(\2 M-PX ONZXIK[== M7^36EWG#HEFY24A]+TN3(''])`I"%Y$>9^3`B+A2!YEG!V>X&NWC>5L8AFYV M%V`7V@ '-A'=S& &T&_$3 MW>DY83B+S01+'&FY^&M+'DG9VS8X.#9D==,COJSYZEI7-L,M(>,^A+?ZQ01I M%"$$<>(Q-`Y-/!CAH5],[/LT2Z4NX3`%PO1*Y71WW(BQOQ5=]C8.8PD0\PXK MN)?SB!%ROS8Q^,5+U+O],[;TPU*D^(3.&\^:)7IN/L[7EX/,0ZST_A!:7!^L MOD*20N2%F!)*882(YQ!G^#@>9CY*4[G] 6PEQU6?VK8Z]4*>V&" M4!JFD.(@ 9%':!1EU(VFD2.(X:HJ[OC_)*VMJ@,* M/0EH>!(.L0D_"(?]H/,#9.H2HLRMM/8:)56+&A^RBY=E5UFRYV!9CXC+LZVB MZT?X$%/Z E/HKN4)Q;85>%^+*+T)/"0A5[*F0XL>\)D$)_?+;+DZ`XLY-M MTZ]7(!0BZJ$DA($?^WZ$6 :YH2>\@5)Y!,,?_T X*?+7IZ2 (W2]3/8(P8]9(5%8YWDBZ\F+\2[PC+S]RA?_DBI M')_?69PVD!A+I-14=&\L9QLC4>%>@:_%':^O?BX>^3>_ZNZ@Z01Y'G]X \:XCUOYN@#-F1,39QN2)J?2AU /=YODE;S+9>SO&SZ1I;,F+8/4PNXX>HI6CZ5 M-^P%@-]WNR*$4E;I>PPVS)*0H`PBBBC!T(NS&,HU?5@ /\5LH\RJ%/,CB(\P+L;G;;S1(>ZWOII2R:NU.69,V\L S&)QJ9\FSA2!Q[Q^ M D'G-)]F^RQT'W-OHA?3O6]_!#=],Y]S MV^IYD^J/[*]G,C.'T>I(GE6.FW_K(X!.&"5A1L/4CUB]$&6>!Z 0M MX[@_E^V_LZ8H/E;,6HJV.ZP8?$(@#;P4NS0(88P3=U\QA#18[@WW'-"&W99# M^W#+L(%R!`>:7B\M>, 0"& "_;J]K]E\/ M_/!"T:S+MLCR-9L\4Y40>YX?!ABC+(,IB1(7^W0*`$>Q^(% 2TUY+1:\??>^&U1ZP6',R?*68P!/W]%UK; MIX_$G2]6`9>91FI7QUS=[WOM#6H!\@[\=E^N[T''?K9F).35,Y,4_NVT[?^N M[:?68U.N^XO*K\??XL _AZ MSN2]4:+9.X%L.!YN)S&U[ 8A]U]E1I!G+]#JJT]SY]K*O2#$RC,ZJT` M*DV6F/FK-*74"2]8 FB56QE9P%&Y:J0/9G\PJ8] M1#!A7*YQI1AW)Y9!-)-OR2*&[JAJHS-VKE7Z+X-6_\1^L6L_5I=%4]8W_U.4 M=_?\1MRGHLGOBOZ'-.^*G `+X(1\0LJJ3O8X\]:\C/SP6S5`[_CC7TKVI"6!X!=^"W,^^D/]E6KD?HN9W M`@YQ7X`I 2:6-@W/,TLL49KZ=&US#]+&L\TZY6# MH. QZ-(^*CW6B1&V*Y=FZ*@\@(X!FME]JN7O][5+GUH1KRSRQ5RYRP MY-](ZFW+RNM6CQE^G^!S/$LKLWJLQ0JYEU9E82*M%D_Q*(0T3I(482F:>M=^ M+9JG 9FQZ`]_D@Y/ZRJ`C@/=A+B0(@ 3(V?N3B\+.['4&968CW\GU#NF1-LB=+/'76]Z%,ELSEB^L`_ M%-;X6]FN2)IEB1OZ#H28$M='68PA2KT@ 9GP%@:%?]NPMN]6AP=(X! P`,$R5I(8NPI+$0K=AMM26HV59$UL6_GVHQQ9OSR#%AB76 N:&NF[2^B$OJU6$:!BEL9 ?,,V5]&?RL>KHMFE84!P2B* M'!RE802SQ*?.A,)U?"BLO/J'-BS+(V#0(P8 L6Q2U(S%6'+$3$>:LF..9(Y[&^S*8'3U M+!-XEJ,IK]YR>!3#1R;^&U=%\U!6X^H#9A&D8>P%V,,X2W#@D@DU[W]F_CR* M-JASO=\\#J7F(!/%#BKH]EAG.4Z@+\ 8"^HM`+79)Z)*(N\C+L!D$Z`0R#5&@U:WY4AFN=;+LY.&H[%#PJ.[7F MR9#$YB[KDK-`I3)%,]K/$GO)=*3A>]O/9DVU)?L8%@C\K4UN"U`O[AROFAK2 MLEUOZG;;'#2IA1F&&4P WS@EP6[KWZ?M5-ZJI%S6Y129TBO-5`[76)?"Y/\ ML>QR-A]OOK"2+>=#?RJ8SK;9MF.#CW?HC*+;?F98KGXK-D_%W^JJNV]7)$H" M/XEQ$@8TB2#!CILF69A$21I@/TV%/P4:QF%8#=D3%,A\HC'-NL#'.8L(EY/+ M$7B_O+*##@;L%V!`/UVD-Q6R[` ?_J;\U"Z+ M"M(,A2A`$$G2?B.%YCY M.SR(>.*;3$R",.^>H3DQEN1;NW6:HWH6WV3P^=%R%@#H([`F4 `GQ_&!" ME,)0Z-/:###,NV1D6GPE.#?DDV;HGM4I>0CS>*5$N@R[I9FT+>*7(NDSYY@[ M(G5ZIGQVWJMK*D1ZKF^JDFO,.3/V8`R`/!0E20P='-(T *\-N:21GB[BE0.[,N>5$HTZWE$[->W5+^4#/ M=4M%:@VYY=5]T13]&;:5BY&3DCB`'B9>Z,`P3?P)CQ\@@]]D)4`8]LH]$J,J M+,.Z" ^RX;$)$2(NDE&7(2":$+A>(&_ZOAEL": 9LV1Q-F_5WZF'AT9[F7 M)(G")]8^%]W'_K;Q3W7;KJ(4ITZ81IBXJ9]%A$(OH1AC-PF=.$R%-IFJ_ 7UMLNO-\55?9DW_#3IU)"-GQ_U0C^.'9=&J4-2 M%V43O,!!H I4E,B3JCQW*FV1,=G M#[M>]@G3Y!U9W13E795L&X9B_7S5Y%7+8`Q-/?L_;8:+"F[^=]MVO*(3"&;E M)TX:N&Y`L4\1=9R`!3`%D?@XUN$PRR`W[$/_1]ZU+;F-(]E?X 9 EWE0R"J6K9VRZ!55->WY^@5X*UFEHG"EX-VG=G>Y*T^> M)$[BDD@,3D6;P:OH\.1(M)X\4=UO")-#RYP5?N"=9[;QLQA]CHZ EQO[R4(X='']7W]L1;I M87O8UNT3=-QUW_U0;^[7;;N]VVY.7)OF(*L")"QGJ0",\@PFE&;\:7&:(:7& MMN&A]IR7R5?9IDE6MCSL]O7Z?OOO^C;ZLM[*1^SD^K!N?X^D%(\^OQ)^O6J% MUU$[N7T3[7HUEF_CB7_\Y3 1,)(-]K\:4^UO FX7Y"SC,\>O[E/'G[4TH?NJV?>GST=]KCO!](7G<>3L,5\'4^ MJ E ME94 49!G"==EU:,:)EP]:>N/>/PO"UTC/ZO48]?ZQ4;SU&8%\70 M`J`GFN>X[_;0NA^<>PM`N^/T\@'3>5,HG,`9/ACD/X"*3P%9,?E2K>E"\0FA M\'0I5YOE/W_-A8" ?Y%1ME6=IFD+"`$MQDN1)FI4I2PG. M":M@'FN]I6-HPG,FE*BBGV")(2J!J 9G5GV=F9D)O M264@ NVFP/VR^=Q'T4N?>AE6^\KQA+414G$!!*45[$> U,6W[1URIZ@ROFG3U!AMQOPHS!E6YO3%AL10U,7*AU-M ML2?$6%EH\VV]W:U0SG"6()+F"2LR7E4$98,U\:- F:[@&).HICA+\* =& .+04F2NO6CZF1EEL3$@,TC),?%C5GB,B5$KX_ACMSW4MW*-5K=TVQ[VV\V! MB(_MP)O]VV8OJ^5VXW]_=T?6]]N[9K_;KH=Y%85YBD$!*Y@@%A/,8(Y'2!51 MV\]9`H=G$>O11SW\:,09=0Y$`F@D\$>C&T\_;^ZB)T]TEVV+A&]>%T.+G)YT M_I\-FD8-2$#!,ZL!62B(:G4@=FR^5`>R4(Q"J`-9RM5F^2&@55OY\+W>;YM] M!^/8YL>U&!_D?KU?BQ_M#C\&#"G",44,IR0%.,EAE19PQ)#$B?H+1JX-^ZZ> M'.`.P_VG07T3=9BC#G34HS92:^?!4,BIUXR#7A+]-4.@4R5YQ5`8ED6Z#XEB M&:0>52_6/7IB/(0$Y\VW9H%/UK:4\ MEP-/+A4\FI)CJ$L_AB-#(8O;;^W;AUX1. E_WE?!1^[#5;@[G@E`3A?+.I952_;B)Q@*#'N!-U$.\JF2=XTQ9 MNJP(#U+"[#R:E3('9"E+&MJ(A 9.\(:7>Q!87CYQ&T@U$3Q:C'0DT?']'O12ATJ9U33 M2T0"T4\_OC4+?-*:FMKM",O=E_YRH(30[&0'J*X4A& VQXS$0S;%THG'Y:9FO+,]VO!Z.$#!G#!45*E).>8IS M"A@:K5=0[Z*-(Y.>5>C90PN&MVY -.K55H0ON M`]$VUUZ]O!)T1YJ)^KVM#W],G=M?[Q[KWO[?A/;*I>B`HT@XY@F&K,H8PT4B MBX!&'`G3FWPY-^Y9$6=:W!]WMN^J\DXZVSL03T?QT9;1Y4-C+JBR$^03V.@) M;23A3EMO5]=7)4[5E-9M>,+37,?^O:R^/HAT?;[Q='0,*&-5E2=9FL=Y4C$8 M5\6(`Q&H5!'IS7A8YQQOC"M2W$?%Z8&'GX!X/?10BL4U3S[>*)2[>`M/>.KK MV#^S4Q!3(EVK[]AN^$-S?R]6Q_]:[V]79 FFFZ M/;F^U'U5R19Q19:G.` W8C6Y-&)^^'G7_ ]KB\#Q=>W?FQ;#^J;#QX;#A" L#^^[& >FOPI 2=*[C>Q/`J//P LJ^_I3I"5:]0[^]*_W_;355E/I`1Z\T]R]U4 M/1K5+P%NOM:W#_?UN[L/]6.]>ZA;.?-B?Q[J_6Y]3Q[:@P"R;Y'XV!O9=OZQ MOD5M6Q^&JXFX3!$K$E(@0BH$&*]01H7"$,H)%3,PK5N"?J%XWE,=T &IW3B5>=%U+MA>"/;=P35IDT!!4]O0K5$W/Q G]RF7)%G_2OC?ZN;+?OW]JUB-WW ] M+:E1UYWZRZFY\4F`K$SD4T8$L[(L,YAA@D>#`.F]$&)N95'=,;OL;4&AHO(L MPIZ-\ESGPO>+O,QICS67H6B/O2.GVN.(FHO:LY$'GOL?JS\^KHJ,X1SA'(C? M7]`*`%Y,OQFEF5)9D,:O\ZPF/[\8H'GQ4(>5>=WP1(B>0/SQ]O4G1J./G]`G M]M%(&-IZ\Q]?FL?_'-R1NI"._R(E(3V2A">7SXQ]`SZN/,A-$#?&P==Y/^#U MKELGR8/"]?UP,R_A69E26D&&, T45K6D)H>V^%OW'T?6A7V6EM M/+V9;N%5.:1)":H,PY@"5-%*@!GPI`G5:@WH#81G13;=*GYC?!G97[C4UG]! M1$HO'7@-DJ=R-S.29TO;/, *D+%+& U?[EE_NU%[WXW:=0=(4TWUR5)32:\\Z:G?,V%; M6,M.J9C1*&/6`M$> 4 P@!C"-8X(+G*23%5`2:G3J MKO:K?9=+36/.L.I)DRA-I7+/D:DD7:FXZ" /.-C1C+,N0M$-2P \OOU]O;UCJR_ M;P_3!G.:`5JD"/(258E89*2,IZ/1,J=:139VECQKRA.X2*)[]7H7#?B,&_3: M$:NF-LMQJJ CT V"NSYNG ]=OII-N,2,$>8P8AI#*QMTQ2HO14@69V2.B MZK]^N3WL-\9E/2:L:6YF^R',>$-;B2N_N]IO%.IF+.@+1$UL/'AIA]N4#&45 M>3WT$J)#)Z'7N^>G ZNU=N;;M67]>3VV7 MZ'';I?,GV#8]]YW'1$W`KAD./77S$0DO"JA)Z8P\^@I.(-KIS;UFF6] :4[D.RTUTA&;I>=PI&W/3.&/F`E$B"P=. M)W&65&BL!$\E;,5IQ7@6%V5&TCB'"2WA=*XIUJ"%@9SH&[F.GBR^R#GE97:1 M8TQB*,/#PH-GBQQ+,IQVDGW?[+N7@`^'_?;SPT%6%GUJWJ]E;?"*9ED&& _?#=]^YQ!O9GO=]LV_IV14E9EISE M!.99EJ="PV`Y(J$PAZO'>O^Y4=]_=0Y`1QJ.L:JORP7 @,J?-CUVM;F_O[RMQ>^EO.XG6('(@T\/S\T+?))I*P)_7]\_U.>! M((IXD ,A.[)CV2\ M!QOU:*=G13K`-T/I\H`YFD"'( 8Q@F8])`Z2,8+TR["N#]7[V+B+_J@/?+?Y&]$+5Y9]U M7QBY.EW*E>"_4%CU\L21:]&AB4YJRZ.GVG*1+Z2'0_"/?;R))B^CP DNXW9+-5[8%\+8$DK7#X>%9;'PHP]RGQT_I/=G=7;PZR3TKG!#YU8H73 M@L:$H`)4/)'M/+-\/-4$N,BUZL26PN0YP;$_-W7;#NN5?GDR[FL>UG]&G^M= M?;?5;GNR6,# ZCU_>E>BF;!9BG%&)AF8Y R+3)IN;;L+42#BL92W.EO>KDEV MLOU]&10E296!@D.>L!3$,"7R7WM0-.6:EQ%\(O$\M3P1"8>;W@Z"8+\!OBS_ MSC?#G^#+@XDC!Z(G#\+0 D M3#BG`!93PF`L@[K/P^I;T*\--'T`5JO,.,#Z654F0QEWY@Y D(HP/;Z-\*-/O^(?I.(H^WN]V@" M'3VAOIY(ZC,[(YT>PQ2(H/KT\+35OF\RS4[1Y='];K.]KP6^IXL'GQI=K*CD M8O+%0 V$O(P'[4WW;QLI-M^/ MQ,:%V%\GZ`;'\B'&V^J,?G(HDIGDYT9]XL>_3&KQ$275T_NE/XI`TM-U.9@[ MU[].0-1>:QUK#@2 K_ KQ46`8@93'+,69&, M9F.6QZM=_47V49S/5ZZL*4E1U4O1,3`-11HP2L%I1Y3R3$["C.Y[G#KOEKK@ M>#XY+$JN53OJCM4)7C3@B]Y CKU,Q9E4Y9K$$%Z6 M=>E.X^=;T\D%Y*OXEKHN1Z :\2I1? M\G9AS/ 2P,33!W1 *P?%,!7Y"(YB>M(G[,5TY9'[(-*73_^:A3YB M5^F-/MZ>(*`EJ.*8%Y#)A^"RI"(8CPA0R0LGB4W?[,(IC?Z=^DIF!I1;IC&_ M;+M.8))Z3ZG+@'I'2 J9R29I"ASID-/3A:>J:8E6_*4:PYH M_7U?;[:=6?'G^[KK9[B[/8:S`C'-\AQRS'D,4,H!Y--A4)6EJ4X-@1.#GI/0 M, 'OT??MQ$LNW"]ZX:4_Z]K1CZNR_R\H3NA7PW 330![`@^AKCP,;L*:S/'YDY)#^08W*U/C<>OU.1BTO.;[XB4A.,J M1P3$"0(YS_%T$$)XIG=SU,R$9^4S;Z?E[X*23FL)2U8#&5>V7IR[KV1+BO+8 MZ1O6?%K_.30W>;F3Q)GZDQ7!(&849T6! "MK6[=>^W)#U$X552 N;`D7-O9SB@1F,;ZZ[>[V51LS0FNYCU]@:M7,5%52!:@K1,"_DD M!V(%' G#8N/K^XP,WL_H@;5@,94\[<>;8KXI(FB]=X MGR89;5L?GBX.%)S&N$"`E(6\[@\K,=\8`1!8*!5MNK>Z2/5F*XO?CNZ$=1"[ M; ;*UR'=+VYPPOO[!XML'KNKW8G2YG$&45T'XA`M-Q=? MTW5#G8U>=L^)/>SEVV`]AA4"O`0)X2Q. SH@TZK\\`HJ^ M]XBL)4Z;45-]\TFE$W&;J'U_B=J%A.V$,2U5,V4[6$DS=NBBGME192=F^P A MKH2M(]CDLIQ';3OA35?>3&D/6>&,?5(1.3O"+'1NW%K\4#_6NX=Z!7D69PE( M48EX+BNLDB?#-`?,5N1T[?UO=U?7V[J-1/^*'KM`NI!$?5"/E$@!%[AM@N1N M7_I@.+9RK[&.E97LM/??+RE+LN(X"H Z^I&D*=`[/B(?D ,@51-E6UK)4UY0)_JV32JIH;;Q`WD M\`!,=D-E_;W8+](P(#[)4>3C.&91EKE!OXF,4`Y,-S,&8\XDAC>AN?/;"SVA M.@U^F12^F\DA^D-Z)^#=#8?PSP#[C:AE=W5QE2,9'O[3YS=KI5CW..7"A+J) M-5!O>L$-B\X*.$Q\$G$L/N5G_BYXR?QLL2_WRZV D1?37@"TL4U U!6U%*& F7`F7N^7/IM!R7E9D]9_#IC[6SFSZ MY@U?Z^,H%J\M4KXY3AE+,4-95QTMX+`@=8QUF30>0QB@TU"Y11O3XYHZ/\5* M*MHA=#A$9XC1N7V:4J1%&\N`\BS78%NM,,NW'\7Q\%4>]F+WX#QQ]I>??N;_ MG%J;19*A"VN/$8)MJ,>B?4REP2\2N)WOS'\K&^M5 6%[GC7^.>[-:L*S*R M #^BM-^+,OP0+ FT,)V[OMY-@_2FX9U]SKN13;H\BR.; D\IVUX[TS"IG)7B:7HI-H>_=&";.-,_VFN[2T&.*XFF))\2RJG;,Y;) MI_;A?:"A9FB >K_9( $/VP162-C.Y=5 EORWUK[:XJ M7EK-)[MUMMQNZU%P81*A/`P"&F=YB#S"(A3U@>*0,56%-8=H5NE][H=A1(`- M^@VNS':X;(IDGT9PXPS&T,2`FU'8K.?*]$L*O7GW6K@"S##HD:5A+LH-I.,M M:)`E,7,3'^.,_XQP[/?;_X2E5$,2LXK9N9*8#\>TKXOY=\;2[SXG74[5K\0W M3+H5TNVLS;'3DELG[0M+=-;$R)1SZ8#D357,?+-;[E:7L_FB*,,Y]FD:YE'$ M481^[G5(2!J#>M`8,#]S`O-3!U5_`O,D)TQ2TKGXUZJH/6B;$YA'F(6+K`XW MV2VV6D8H)[KZR%0* K MVZ>GHN+:6[X!QN(H2$+BNK&;A1[SW#SL:U1X22;?47X6-+.JXTL#E,_@(])S MD;QQ=D73R;17T5592X=R9_3@N+;:Z3PMVOO+FPR)TR#^X1R'X=P.7"NGTM?R M(>3%B6V^5'N.,I]/)9^I:*#UPFH[O\NL>.`RZX#+:\T.Q?3$VR=:/.X[=*)S M 09?A-I;O+XUYZ>36: MKG:!(XE\M"G,VK)IUC&4#S+*IM,C/;7N^[NSH]&%S]S4]Z(8YXQE_( ,4*\PGL(UY)M%]L2Z>7[H7G&L.;.8Y=,[+R,11IM"2V:*.O]3T+1GK7WLA M=K?@4.(,4 T1AYW&B)7(\TV"5>]=.IUAI`_2UW'WG&XGG;/FR$>DMHC;B M+3_M?&]`U0LWIAGSXR3RO9C0+`XBU%W%A'Q?1F!OG71:5M@Q02.`&^Z0E^76 MZ3/_^*9IV]0H/5U#ER?(0"'7Z@8YV9Z=?R61/J$4A`N 18PI\E!$(I3E"'M>GD9=TGY(F>MK M2']4,3M7^N.PANNE#!YC"3R?$Z\[ GHK5_O:);XV;YL'W?&=VNQ.@FE3V^H>HH?*ZW`II7R"$(YQ@+T(L MRUP_(B3MTC!#%H6@ZJU:#9L.(C18Q?:G:-$Z%8?KK-I^R^7N**SB*4KS2W'" M#HTG:/6'9/C@6JX`1@MZ+W1`'8%4L)]U[#>_,!GVS B^^;W:Y-P/I9+"LK9O(9B^`IK.H%J^>N M\J"D)NTTRG3/UB@-F1NZE'')"'),(X+[:&#"\G:VLIWDI88>J_"YV@'4,5,+ M_M?_ZSDJR?[_UAR5'93:'`51)CU''PXO+]NBR0'>"@3YMOSKR^ZIK)Z;8/VI MB04*0C :LVAN5. M'M ,-K(X("HS,`>;UWJY+LC0B@;OXMD4#MPRK-?K;PQKWE &&'&"&4Q\KS3CB@,_1`B=]#_MV%9.\(1"7%%[;QP0/!>NC"J MY'3+)$LP?6H):J`X=Z,$F>IC.V1B1&M4.;-$4Y3AOV\F.X$&N$;0?B_PK?A[ MGV[%NY/ J(AJ=" H M.*@I#(;53&3\'HZO7T6\15Q&M5.5PS]FH4-/>Z: >BB2/'1H-N\T2R34^S/-#Y2RT*@@UV>TW:V%Z M\SJH"\K^7FT/ZV(M7B4,E.D]^A-2EK@DQBB-*6+\6.S3)$LZI,BCBAH^&SSC M$;SGYV7U4TC+72D:*&Y$Q*FM/""0UDXWJ..[HTYBLN5V==BJ/`>[AH^A2X.5 M[E5?-8;#&11[/G/MV5+_?JFQ:5W1Y2&I)6?VS\&ZU6A^!CY 9YN1>5K'$6N2QE7A:%64!=/XY#2@CQ4QJ@)`=50P7^KPVO'1Q-HQ,= M'N`Z`.5)3L,-4@33WW-V;O@"N]VL?CI_MO^\GHJ^Y6A$`17)M$2]5-&76KXH M\-.LO\AJ51YVHJSS757N^*^KYK:G/GXOQY\G]2)Q%K#0)R3#'O/CD*'8I20- MPS#.(TP26)5ES 3JBNRCE,RD;IMDC7H)2.*)\Q M[UBBC>;&]^[YEE$BY8J-BNORL^2AY6[=M_K[ NW"*5\S.%W`S*--N&==@ MB_P!4V*!]^;=4X2!._9G[H"I\JPN`E0%M 4* M=*LM)MIHEUM&Y'CY:`'1S*H-2X?N(97F/D)XC[27HMK_O./?VY[LUN+P]"(^ MT'/[89!'&0D2G!-,24:B..\O;D(W@G9ZUV/4\,+1X6S"#3U(>( -ZWU?-!''RCW&>7Y:;2AB\ MK>BF?BGKY?98>?3KYK58D[HNW@>21)\*GP8H"@+?QQG?X>>HQ4)P[(&R58P` M,"R8)\Q])=\&K'-$"WW/8\0% =8)&^JI`\HK5&?6:) M[IH=X_EC(_.$`HK8OQ:[0W%?K,KONXTX/;V+XKL^)GZ&F9?3-, GKEJ1"J@1TV= J*G; T[,8R9%Z,X=DD:!WZ81@%%M`/D1QZHY)8Y%(;5JP7N=,B!"F:0 M?3F)LX-XF`:> 7'T/ ?Y8([0P#+>>>&M#./V=OA\_- MH@23*',#Y* F24Y`=V63+5E6';?5P.`=NV9RJ6 8'S3LO2^VHJ?LQ7,VX_(9^1Z+DX10 M-PEH2+OD'!+0''3UH,NF845[:+J;I^\Z:$-[Y^AB6$[?KD$N3.>&")T6HG6! M/4D:1W1/MR,LT3_MPSHOY6^$MH$>#C^DK_PW_L?N3_S'(Y_N_"__!5!+`P04 M````"`#W;CU&RA&':*Z!``"2 `L``00E#@``!#D!``#D75ESV[B6?I^J^0^>W-=Q M&PL)$%VWYQ;6KE2YDTSLW.6)14NTS6E*])!48L^O'X`297F11%$DI5:_.(H$ M')[EPSD'!PO_^K?'27KV/ 1R5\?CL1U+>G_UC'!>_G]WFV>3L M'UG^>_(]^L^SVRR?Q'GZ=/:/^,8DJ:59G)\O2)W-/]DO?[^)BOCLL4A^+D;W M\22ZS$916;%S7Y8//U] ?QIE$TNW.\7 M?&3U/TN=ZC^7]W$NL\E#'M_'TR+Y'E]F1?'1&G#B>'=\_7R?Q[>_?)C>IH]6 M#="#:*Z$O^Q(IGQZB'_Y4"23A]1^=]$?WRHNHR0M.F+_%;7!I+B.;M*X*R%> M$MM?!A&E#GQ7]W% R78&&W3ME3_]^!"/K`6O MDXG][O/ME^BI:F>R?*570_AT_9Q>)3>S ;-+FKD.U(?,JFTB$J=1#Z;(=%Y"A6/3K04N\\]:K1ZHDKK.WJ6#L@ MW;-\=U%JG>$HCEU6WH&]MU#L59JKTDX:W&! NT MR-)D[`+F:EQJP..6CCWR]B7*K6[NXS(916EK1M^ETBW75Z7]Z^SHLLB5W'V> MM[ V;+^ET!^W M5V4V^OT^2VVF4+@ KW$3".MKRZ>/4%:8J)6WCMTG?_3G4 MMFOV%, YA4\#OB2O\VNG02I.&IMZ+:* >5'$54YUF40W29J421MY=B/8J2R[YL,-NG;*W]=XE-D\-9U7 M73K$4#O"G 4NU*LEMY9I-)E#_95.8^LM,+Z^J^ M37.KYKMI\G\5N!=>NHU -'HVQ6%5N^V%E(DTKY7D0/ M))-+QV;E(HY^BLM%U2#.K^ZCO*DE^W_R@;2S*Z0[? 1; MMOJ2N 314,W$W\Y4[S.5FN*RYC34-]#/;\/3;E ?HVS MNSQZN$]&/(^CII#;FW`?LNT:I)M3Z(/;9DYR6[\N.$NK[0[_/8ORTFV\7"S= M1ZF*RJBQ*G C^DW9#K@^][Z,C I;/&WJ'CY_0C MN2[*9.*"R/*Q-H%ZIYUX ]#SNH;8>$P=@6@>%JTR^'VI-N;9)\?W&,=U#LP6E.* MO4ECPUL]>'.7UD\ZDJDQW5XDJRL.?&2?:+_X&E=;Q*^SU_IN+V3;1_0K;U', M)M6CBV^%8Z8*X"L KV.70A=:L']2%[PVQ@2[^=.5L]( `R^@F M?K6][[U^:9Z_Z.9.I3%W*@V2BN/WJ'7(Y:>X[);1UP0[Y/5+G"?96$\[5NW[ M9#OG^ZJT,[H^.']+N$/>;>9 /93P=Q^/Y(5;[^#0;O2=C)=]M5-Q40LZ* M\[LH>KAPWOHB3LNB_J;RW^ -0NI4\8O'^PCP_ AAH)*)C2B"AD@/1U`\%*8U)TZSO):E;U)\\Z,)"MCE12C-"MF M>7QMM2KLHW_?(&AC&B&DQ& PA0O6)399,HF6[UQJ_:A\K%5>81C8A"W$A/,ES+Y7F4G@Z(.K)OUKU6AT#+ MRA"ZSJ-I,=^7Q,?_,YNOKOP63V[BO%F`VT`@%$9K3AFGV"B#!5%0\UIRYDOO M=/"TI^771[CNU#LPL#[%I3LY$*7NW,#SPMVO5B_./>\"L4:D0HJ,,$CXFGE: M"XJDYJS6!M*MG1?Z$X&M#T4/#+M-*8&=>\4?K=O?E&7M2BJ$2FO&"/(P`00Q M[0-&:VUPZ?/3@=T@B5?/^C\B--K!]OGV.GK\FJ6IR?(?43[>'Y?O$`T#8`(* M-!`2 L3F+I!*"`*$ MY5(7,ABL]/&P9A'F0/C U`-M 4J[;UM[_N"&_2\`.9Y@AP/N:5W / M"9%"F&B;ROO,\PD`5`;+::7$$K6$-VX,[VW+UR>`\@,:[-`^>T_GO)3:AYXG MH`U)G@\"*(3'Y'*&P1#$+6'J[>R%W^PM.`%\]F"!TTYEC:&(4$H";@ ,"C`]N] AAU4X7TZ@29W[&\=[6\W0[MOPO=I/V]MVC"P=^H?$B"`#Y%`@`:& M$I\2R"@VP"@!/.IOQ6]/XWWV\)!6B[E1NBK*LP!%H\&]`YD08^$K$4CH^QP# MA!$$IM8$@WRKYSO^D=P3,EX/\/Z4/OQH?O[4Z-43`P7W55X7)UM6M-L@Z# @["71LNZU2WF^>#C:R_DA3P29:7BXMJ MFN%A3> N['ZHG;:V/B+]B%C MA"G,)(&^%W@>Y=;%U;QB1(:K,_8^:1L4`^W4VPT4/F73T8YH>.X2`B.`8@Q: MJ$HO\)G%JZHY#J!INY]BYU+?B0&BM8:'3_0W'X`?**]?O9KO^::R^3U]7U;D M_7R[O'_H^ DAL M1'5O$9N.$_>2+%>$=>@;BYE%8OFON/P2)9LV9#4E$4H3"($1UX9;3R>U#+2P M&D`^4D!XZH2*?@,C)AO$(,-[EP[>CWABI06,K>DQ,X'Q"?5]3V'"()78)HY4 M6@L>>IVAMIB[)*1 \P4(!BZ'$%?",0LDY2!+7,4,#@=%#6/0RR MOM5]4(@YGK<>*FS0VZ;V4`OA$>XC"GP= .[4VED_^AT" M/V:63ZO$WNK`)(]5BK\50.L[A8&!#"D*,`&0V,2?*`5K"8TD)[2/NT\$=:;@ M(2`D9E9/R?1N*VQ>-@PE,D1K37Q->0`"ZZK94A)I9-O,:/>%@#\T5/92ZA#P MJ-X+[BX)^CAYR+/O\\K$5JQLZ!42$5!J_TA$4("(%`C(6D9/Z;;5GR- @3 M.-UIN-4"@OJ[>G[[[O; 6^6PT?Q-)=9%NW.`6A$W=0B2TP)0;`(Q67`D./5U+R;%H&Y3(GP-% M/:CXH%/TRP:W&VSO'-KAP@""B--` +EH]I/%B M97!U.]A:^3;@KJM'A)1`2)"0-)`,$^S[&GG+1!*WOJWJ*#?^]8C1`]GCH+[Q M_4V%3;J%7/M8(`D-((&BAOI0+\>LI/B$MA@>PB_NKN&#XNA;$=_.TLOD=M.B M (>>$49\#5T:QV8NVLZ'EV&$J:#O!_".5'7I$56M%#[^9I-6ITD.?,^-> M@)4V1C&;9RM*40!U==#'4,](OO,%[VOD>9X`O-R,N/4\Z`Z]0\Z0SY6OB M-A`39/Q:E@"($[@#LR?;9GWK^J">?K?W`NQ")B304XJ[,H65WQ`@L4=K+6"! M3V`&WR_B!E!ZGW'`ZF*2E/4[C=UX2:9W\=2]F/L@FP0W\-,H=+2B$P+I!8CY M!E`&E(20$194]I"*8'"H]PLTDJ&)0]B-4&@S%&.A[WE > JK:F2Q?Z77(# 1VF@9;"U=]I1:+%[*^/DF3>[F)999_''ZR9KB^D> ((,X#&T$1(@`%BM3R0PBVIN/'G\+VC(O7B44O>A\D MG7V?\ZMXE$W'5F/7]TD^_E N6$9"^84O]>@:U/7EY M1(GL4>!N;\T?$'DFF^7E?;7S[+:\;X>\MS3"@$,.I!7=76,B?!EP#];R(P': M3MJ/ X E](.A2*=E3Q M@69Q9N:V8/^63)/);%)/X;[9R5E>[:) $"Q.+( 4H.W%H`VDRO?Z1N1C: M$0!?D`RA,(PRGT$@I0ZPAL9;2LP$[O_VK3\O^O8QQ�LP3CSL&W)!I"PP5" M&C,F")58"NSYM=0:DK:I^`E,_`:"7UM3#`5`-V7M&G]+FB%F5,H`VI15V>FN MTE").E?UJ1>T/1U]`C/!8>#7UA*#H2_YWKGW6](,N R89(LZ`%H$/,1?5 Q4`;M]49(W_K.[7[ MT %A[ZUI7.C^-"] (LTX1T.*NM=TT M?1IWK6E&/ =O_,$:*K4P2TN&MM-TT/ 7FA\>:`N1?=$&%")3"::0R$!X#`OJCU1$3KBR6/ =@T#@ST8:#_0`!$D_(`;KY;`YZ1M)>,( MP^*!$;.W[H !Y9.E>"Z`F];6!_(S=`32NM MM@I9UKGFLWA K"5%G' M^AS"6U1O:7]^I]ME$MTD:5(F#:YLW]8U)!!0Q1&UOA8!)`*`>!U8-;))VNDD M-1VBIR?M#H&EUV'71MW+!K>=;NH6$BNCNYJ#8"Z =I/PV$H2.Z$L%SS/H^G=G(-5 I0(B"B%?\GX#"JRJ^[P3*SCB?X%DV*'6*H'U.=MOA M[_ZPNMND/]CYX9^+56:.6]_I`A.(>&>U9((XR#`VN@94 :K0WE7&6.6DHU.`)1P14N6KU]T^GH4`^_[1[I;9\7WCNCCFR^U\UF4]Y MLP4;EP0(E"*]_D,X$\"`&D4M &/>L&POR(AE/;QF#)\GI:?F'/K(M MJ=)Y$P9N.!6I0I8@3)`'3%(2L8+.4FEQ]D'9O\3@?9&Q*.I%`J`OUQN]D-TQ M:-O\6D#CN,")3)G7EEM+*!$(.L)J$].R7':)WX1=0X)[L?*4K[/ES69]-Y_O M8R:_856*@PYS";6+-@U12EH>_2RCF7$R^E^MH=N1SI_U=OMBY6V%**\/"(Q@ MC*E),J:NCW$[$[B2CC+@K^=J;"2MGQXH0\! %=)!S2^HMZ" MYZBVD279:&:%=_]:+7;S^[0?[FWRW69QMS.I:[-?;_Y /W^6:1 MGAN)JWJ^A-M9U)=9SC:S^)]6NY_-_.HY3 +\M[O-?)8>XCH^>?D;MZ$B(%H)BF@4SZ)("&P=/AY.7D7EM7X/ M77,9CI>)C[/ET_WW6U'\EA&!`D$,%Q@#H9WGU"K)JC4CKEM;9[V?;W@D7:[' MP/F]%5DB+KS'P&HJ993((4%$)1T5.M .U)\8D>Z*&DV 7S'49%BST\5MQ`F`& ME!,2*63K+==?.Q_ZJF\]&K)9G'BJU.M+B_:1`4'%+7/,:T2`-3S*4J_?0'%% MD?NAF3$XN'D;QFOG9E,(H\.HH+3CG%E,M8W.D*=6"%KC85QN7?Z$2#&TS3$\ MJD7NB,]\ X^I9N%1I8=\:LP1"))2-( _]%^-=S"MHP.(ACNC"AG.M)"2(`QH)3>P*- +NY3/\SG!^]ESK%]!E*",,)[*#B-H*ZW>U.AP_'5 M97C`'"*"#"1(:QJ]*$8]A=PA+171GK7NWN-(?BACZR#CRQ\&P"$$F$HJO&=> M:JRAKZ0AT%U1M_UAE;L>$-42I\UA@<>H :G/P^6`X!$E!I1!2P3&)M `K]UVS9TIJC MP_@`L1%`:``TL,"D3DG 5,> B-ZP U&MNC-0T M+"@`5"1W//FD,BY^,]B12DHO42YC)G1K-[#/.R":A8V+QJVE\?=!&Z MG4$Q4&BL)VYEVA+4^99Q][K=K>_^];!>1FULTTZV^]DA>MIUBFB&(>,M%T!S M0J@P-C6AK_AN8&[;@@E>KXT:?A\)[\)LZQZ=?WM02"^V*.*`BH *[7:(B+PZ($C`D@GFN*.1D0PPJNK/Q?KL M5CJ3=)$'Y,N@J!;B2WKOK=,&TSHFPL4Q44P233%73&N@Z\"@M*J8F_Q^63,( ML"6(8X_Z^#3_,5\]=MAH7A\0`(56,$@E2L7:3L9]$]5;*,M^IK.WS_Q.*3,( MJI `9M+GZE;)R/YQ4-@7"RTWW4/:A\4,!3$2&",P]1B"PUZRHSP M*KOSS@2#_*-S:#"4"QLPW2R7@+&@AF%'-%%$8D8XY94,W.# '!N=.L/!7*0@+.>F MJ0$U:"GV#, 5A-\+FQT(@V& =$?0 M.CA@0KAD`C`"#:-6 OSVN$QEPGO7+ZXV MJNIAOMHN?LP_K.[6W^:IO?*?\]W'+Y]G_S1?0?69*>A4PF(DP0Q`I0!'RIKZ MZU+97)N@TSX&UT8%NTRCJ=ULL9K?N]EFE1ZU?":1G7]9W"V:K.OVP0%R##&' M<>\66`$O-`%/F[?GN?>>$WQN?`1Z#8[O9?RT7OY90,`XZ3S$PC'-K.&\]CP9 MA"!W0^KOX(\>&QJ!,6?C.84,TC,R1P.(VZIASK-4>F5%W&9=59G)`(.YD 7#H."A,A%(\P0(R)T##B/:N`` MT,4:,%PAC[(0OA2'/C[NMKO9_E&LGD1Z-C(((Y$4GAJC% ZL+T MZF%"-8P*3,!XL'O"##5..\HQX/6N#'5NZ&^"F1JEZ'0FQ!>A4:OE],:(0`4B M""M`H> A8%Q9Y[!`S'LJN+Q,M/"M^].Z&>.7]6;[HAGCY]D_-^O-GM^[W6;Q M]^-NWP5\?=!M6PK[@']50(99@KV+IS`BAD 1-+7RC$N]V:Q_+"*N^N=?V_G]AU7]HH"ZVRU^'&Z]VN7O/UGPT'(O MA%46>4:P@ ',HW/Z_3@7+3ME_,7 MJ_Z\'FY+&^.O"TIXS+F'Q"-A-"%`6E:ABC6_HHSH@L2=@*:RJM^K#-VXNMO= M9C[[%E?RLI'J*_3L.#(88C!()9$0.(J8]HZC:OW`M;\_ DS%Y+55>)BMOD9/X= 4Z=IQ(0E+J95U*E M>\SK23EX'^P[5T-EFJ!%W=XM]BN.?U[.]\I?W3^7I,$)Z3(\0&`)8]1K[P%4 MV$/J:V`EP5=46S()7HZHFR)U*>GB2L\B+"FN/%]MVSCX^H"@C#!>2Z:BGX84 M9)[IVHXUGK1>G[R?M(9)L6X0;93@F?LG;MCI.D+/5_,OBYV/N+Z^^%=@:J#C M6?,&HZ/;937A7&M)0+J=5?4)H6UNU+E[-L7OYA9?0FW%FH:E=E01OP.>[I\D M0E/RX9MC@K!"**"X]]QZJ2'WLKH%((YDMV/OGI_QN])R*)64H-Q_S!:K;8)G MOOVX =YPC 7&$SRLF\$+K2S[5S(+T.TDS=&>K'L9&S`RE.(G'7:&8Z,@]+7YC#T M-+??Z"2?>[D$Q _Y-\3N82%#L/ M[PM:9$^]Y8_8K)Y_)\U/0^=.&30E"BF/&1+IB3AC`*FW>89][H;7_>[N=[# $0STK; MBN[-/J;DUQMU]S^/BT-A;BK[ZI2PU7%X$(RGZT(==V_MG!8.&U,?()A CXY]D2Y$QY5_7N\7OIE'K.(6O/MYLYQ%FV!UGQHY?O_67"W;?9(`N+`F MXBHME9QCA)RJX15>CU_E 9 M@M38>JP!CJ@CC+#6MOX>H[DQ_I.[U\W& [*(Y]*T_.SM, M&@0`T=15WFF"#'>.4/KDA&F6FU'8/3+S6Q%U>(V4:2CX),%M7/7'+[4 0>(\P1(CN0,2"6'B_S/!47VX2*=SD[SZ-[:[5,1Q#'*.AO\%&7CLXS9, MQ+%ALL"8$5X@JZEG+*)!41WF)4IG/](SP?+2DA''X1`O?;"G%I'I#8U]Z[P. M3]JUC@V`66>4LIA%IT_X=+=5.X'1RLZ]99E@_N"89&@XD(>`/2^P?5S$EV>+ MJ#ROZ&%]FG]_W-P]S+;SF\>_EXN[CU^BMB(,ZQ9J#39W I=2BV7VP'_6*^^?IYOOK74F;0/#EBDRE=N`7,&$,&! M)!765$ 4O?@>>`;N)0.0APJ7:MFIY+]+_/N540%*8IESP&M@M"> _A __T@)D1^C(?IU+T\347O,$@"WQB$N&8) [CE[C![SLG?HJ;P\=5DF=_.[-]2+E"/V;+](4U'=D] MI@D8"R:D@`P[8P!B2NDJ;DH=H]?Y)-UPX>,1L2[!N- C/?+-;WIW4)#8SK M,TW@#$NKM"&*4PND\O&/%0K&T-Q]KW]F0H$WXD=@W(A87XYQ*N[:F\W/N$'O MG]KK3;63\0$;Z2"@'`&KO93`8H\KN8%RN86_O?V.[WNU1!YL=M?"M/.@OB** M,4T=H,!&1\H2+RQ3HC9@I1N_*=L+BKG5N%[$)0G6"^@2!+M]_/Y]N4=CMJS0 M^+#ZLMY\FSU_L:V!8AUGB!8#H8!1$H5V `^'G%V>*=]A.V9 MB7U"T%19Y@Q%>DG*;>^O7X!DE2Z>8!6J1$?T@ZPN0,C,#XE,(`_GE'4\>M4/ M^CBZ4;EY'`-\K6]=NB\3 2!U4F`OM# M2][,CW=%%7WSP32VR$C?Y0/$`\ET0I0JQ2 M"AD&.+1''UH[NW?,Z"?&G7*`.:XT J-8IU;+Z6(VG MH^5R\G4R?L:51HB9YTJK:P@ L4F'+(6$TCPB@WMF"`:"SE![3'[3YNH+8EY![%\16]>-KP MJUG0:47V=XT(7"@EG>$ .GA(,G-)T%J M!#@FW,EHJ!I!B4.BIL!AT7VML6*&TL4R?!'DF,7",AH\]9T\7F_XR7?!4ZF] M$@:CU)W%0 D@44-=C\W 4\-8V*BYD99F(^V45_TX*OK`1O=/YN@#= D\X9+ MP5))6&`=L/)A`UC( 931+YJVB1 M'D?0D9'! 175N G:YIF[ Z.\RTQ=TB-G&GC8XYLX8JR2$17N#X'^9;']((9'WNP^8`W?'NT-0V ME\O%@:=%IRS_U+1@,KN/"W^X2M\\I#Z*57X[F "4`;&6B=>_$TP+3HMJVRX4JI M:,;$R0V]]S6,%L9"%T4@`$1*:68E4C5MFF !#+'C>MLP:8FG?2!&CY:3\1EP67\?9%*, M&K*(>QLUH_34@(>=H(H]Q)?H['JY E?4#%3J;WJ^I0RMZ>$4$)*+%W M%A%O)#1*,0MKVI2CQ0KB7@5 M]?+]_6JY&LUN4CFCXZ?4N5,%YZ)YQDQD"H2"002I;\YFQ7!V;L(`;Z[:/KTZ MYO60D'?LM#MKGF`@\I8+3YCB(A4BA*S9T0[98DGK)=1:=R#)1&.."'J$XE9K MOR#C?##NFRD`R0ECT)+(`R@X% 6GT^\ C=.R=)]7V+F$K45J-=4+ MW!" 7&S)\SA3P/IRT MP,XB'OO39=KYW6@R.^2O[_H^*(YT:B_@B"$>4.XA;>CB^'C!D5 S+;ET(^BY."X@`FT'"OJA9((.X>=QS6=@MG /Q_=W]-/D=^_*-CR/IU#F"A=QB02%UGCMIF+90-EQUV1%K M`XPQ:AE5'7&X3";0*I)>W=17XT?AM'M`B,10C6T\X(F`5!*)G*XI 6H^#E&Q0@:4TY1:)V7\$?.:(DG=-96=;-EC MRN5AH:"K)P7GW\Q>WC%\G$^G?K[X:[0X4L;VG)F"`%&'4AXU*L"*Z[AA5,-6 MAK--H`$:S9 QLAZK$,V(IN%S"X2))S8.M#6 /YDP1HAA'?,4$8(P_$`H*+FB*4L-P[H[/(/UZ0Q.Q=# MC\! 5_FCU5DY'*RJCY5BQ^3 %2^GDU^?*X M`GJNO7QTXL@IPAPT),I(>05X5`*JYA0S,O?Y]NRTY=_&=FY;)'W;T1U@][1Y MH[^!)(' &,E10PP8P1*=30I M;S:B $SB*_5^OZ.$W;T*>K.)KB,_LZ_;F&)D1;8*;?A$-_ MX4#*SLEC@Z%"`: L2I1((@J"PCFK*: M`D7\%30L*`&+R[C:/BXVG?A6?K( V_GBL-IX\F6@T8Z(5@4!/+KB M%A$,HP+ @4!RB64QB4\;1\1-;&?X_Q[H/#XDQ!M26`1,Y`0[@WR`DA9 MK]?#[)[9`VHNT"T&+F!F=\+_4+M%!PZ+G=\&8;02B&B%F`4(.J)!`U\HLO-= M!O2J6P8.EW"U.UP\'&`^_F;7W>6!KP.S0G(-XY(EU,Y``75C#0E# C[$!%N,,>*4(*PT`Q@I6I*D'2Y-6(&]&18$B'YG&T? M(RHNZV:]M.EHUS7SBV\"4MH2Q"VG6A&(A32N0;63+C TWNQ.]C*V= MG42;&[F/U?>42S"[30FA>PW60T,"(D91ZH$B#GNAO;>T\ UH/DN[ M?,QV=]^G\U]5W8SCPW1T[AMV:T6RFK#.*("/U6JR6.>UV^@!3N?+^Y.:+IPQ M2V`&1HW-/)*I?H8UA.C-AO2"(,&.WOEWPX 5QM0\562,L' M:CY'\>BXDO\ (]5=41:$3W,Q[$4-A96%3 MB9KI\C?1&1Q206%T!+13$$GEI-$;O8V5PE3UHS-L%,8L1 C MGY.[^SLUF]V/IH__9VIQ4(LR_CBN#F86MS![P*DN$ F"//U)W\_L 2`6R 3K9+R>Y7TT\V\W M'15[.14?%G;"X??RXZ`@Q-$%(8@2I13RRD.P9G$T-0`"1T.DNJ;J%)-WQ] DB5EQ14?=+A/J\*^[%C.QR#S[J5=K+5FO^_ED&YX%1 M02#DA#1"`\\,((H!M+D8\(1%_7JT#$LQ.D_9A8>&!0\-]"321:GS("41.5M3 MRHF[HKK6K ]#9 S'!VW9V10$@&J$/>:&&QX]/*$ MKVEUTJ%,N`VRG&B/6JX=]A>$VAXF95MSP1GN';;0"P&5@E@R#FI*-5*Y0#L_ M&F"^&DVO%&;M\+[0K?U:9.TZ%!?,&I!U*ID D3\"UP_T22#L?87NM"JJE%L@28Y#EECD" I[$0O#T0&P@E`"G MN&*.G8,8IL#F:+/T]#SYZ)7XB#A.#.T] $D[I5EY8M+V=UM%]BQ6LH[?WUVGW,R7IQ@W;?ZY(+PF M7$E!,*"(H:BHL:^Y:EU^9=+AX;A3S.VQA'H4U4`VP, +^]'T M4`7PO`F#U=A'.T-!;!,CHO^B2*.&/,F-V1S@9 MDSO^]GWR_.YKD EN>4H]\+W=*]` M;H`YJVY39_EKA&8' F"E$NB%% M7#J@$46*>JU$S7/CP!6U (.DB M05O*(`>Y#ZL#*I`Y"'SE,+L7&/VQ.-SN>/>`(*&1"%ILG.=`8>`Y5#5EWJ' NM\UE=Z'7@733WX@0_JNMZ!V#&>`^LM1Y214$4([.8$4BH M(9C"HT_UW="Y?;R 1;>BG5 M.K /R@HBJ",/AUVQ'CD MI6%$U11*FMTT>X#@N5S()Z`FBZLE UR@WF?"68.5?$S\^J=KA:##/OYK/Q^;#9/2H8CHB/GI>! M@%%D@= N(?;-[0*!*"NR)Q-QR MS+53P#3:V3*5VP!I@)#IRKIIA;']0.:H9;-O2&!6:JT@@LI0IJ2B3C6;#&![ M14;QI>(]BI8LCI;`RY-TA_^^7TR6-Y-Q$MC1,^K(R,"H!Y&!D6M(>R0Y=,37 MM#(,KS' .K1-&!\:1-%(+R.2ZX@1. MA2=J#\/Z8EGPK_ [^>IC M-9[?SB;_5]UL2I:^__J/V:+YW:Y!K6"WA]4$;PB2WBBGB45*.ZQQ(_;4(^%W M _*UHZ4KL-I_Y8C::)#SZ*ROVL%N/)LGK_ M==WRZ_WW)[5W=^R5UO]6B`I)*RP=A0H)1`2`H#:UN)$V]SAX56;'Y3NA;[GT M%8FPO:,\,R!A.RIH!31$FB6?TU,G)**TIA&P[+B$`89]%M+"%W*X+Q0]W%>> M":2'@ M36WC3/9OX3[Y1'7 MW53EXDJRFZI]86ELVM$WMC2K2VJROWX!R:3EQ!9%D(1)SO>22F(29I\^!+J; M!PW#A.6TKEAP[''J(3$C.E5]2,X,#'=_!.K*GI=L49H+J;R20CL4W@I@=!WG M40'R:3-G1IWN6&?]FA5SYM5U2(:K3.%HT26;K2X>HW"$*2LLP=)@[S5RX>6I M[)> XZE;2B\\Q2;GPHQ3^GH^ @X& MPB>+44=TX'N>.G(?\+XA=;Y^7^R^K??W-^\>_EI DIU!4R3)/4O7QC.C/^#8G7+_IOR,MZEKXJ5XO[PX:/ MU KF7_OM+F[^WWXI=[O[PP&%\>G_:[7?[A?W]=E"Y];C5N,4-)[`"Y#& MBL0NVQIZCP\X""HP:3[U]34J_L/*^T."GFD/V/-@]1]RD!4!\6P_Z@@WRD$/ M&%` W#\_U\NO]\@-7K[RDPD!@@P.-Z M?^B5Z1VKL$08SV@32"^,NBQIS.*+-RQDO-QL^JP :0#7,X M5['-Q!$+#Y(W)XTPV,K(RY[0GE\)37(6(DFBH76,6*2=(K:R7Q"?6ND?9?>L MC'SKC'12D;_.;E]Y*O-]L;HKEZO##XY=Y5ZK]R HB.4)U1,9)JR/*61G6N9F\94Y*YZGRR"!BB!"(5+9QP%)W98ZP]]6@#.J$ M:A8UZ^\S:P@TGA,_/27M8?0"2RNL],(PHZ533$JB*LP LP$9I\TLGNOSNEO"7[6YYW8A#TJB% MZ#T2\['00MMI>; 8\QQ098PVO$=)^1@?> MC82;: ' [;O5*WJ! M>85]B&*!35A+G0U$H8AK!1`W2,9^"Q2_4=CWZ\?E5USA_KZ^W]\$EAXW`FRO MRDWP3=SL^77M_EX\+%>'RS^7N_UFM?V\OK_WQT_X9\`:^E [`8EX'C( 4!T/RN.6.FAP/6 DU%!,#7^#^G)T Z3?Z;V8F3QZ[324Z9CBVH Z,\S6'0 "AL>VBKJ MM,90*L@KO)RVR;O1QA?V] $PKE#CA,M='\Q_EYH_UI!DZ./AY*=IPV&4".UN-6'B@L)9Q/S43TBBB+-(5 M-DK(U/QUA!6=86DY).I9&%G),FJ8CMJ4NS*\5N'Y+Z'@A4,4B@$$L2=> ;!EG_LGO_63$ED_,6M\L>7;RA" MH(,YUES[D(IC+*DCY@"I9I[@M^I, H>V=9I7H[WLJM[U_T#FNO]HYC3+^5JN=Y\7.]& ,1]K#@W'2?]PM4%0_%\)A\W5`L(F BO M&5E'*'-0X_FLV;#"_'YQ81B5S"C+.") ML.*>UXUK>?=\=GBD^R?^4F_7CTRSNRHOYTVJ00J@P$VNM!-0,6(61 MJ*&C`OM4"=/H%Z.N[!D2Y1PKE5\L-_^]N-^7^F?]U_] >[G^_`RW# ">:4B1WTE=%(H'KFMB)YJ]Z8J=6O[U]C6&>L\^=S[ZLV M^A>G +$XMI`S"BKKL+4SFG,Z^_ ;\1/M TY,3UR8FI",*08&)Y1);X^+4XUAE%T-N1J=A=77L M!4*Z=F!.14@G$ 'F4Y8PC MCSP+ZP`,JUUEF128SH 3 +_7NI M^JD=I'-4/PF*F/20(,%0[-*-6!42Z)#W)'=D&7VIJ&]2]0CRO+1/"EBGO "92^(BYJMPD1JZ,.-SK@%5V&(8_@-*KQAD!EG8V%)IK`H79PAV'@C"-&>> M.F:L.=A%`&,7G#0YK4"TBV,O4+BT`W,J"A=MI4/6":4`A,)AY>/,=;2*X.2C MK$9*D62?7J)P:0?EE!0NA`*GA4400LHM,8(I_F@9]WQ.VWFZ.?8RA4L[-,>O M UM.Q-5R1N98X^UR,4M& \8(]@WB().1&>!;/L8]"/-1-\ MMLT+$_Q[Z4>\=I#.\2,>PX!@#)W@#B,L+2;N,5.@89U'J1/0Z*/AODG5(\@Y M:':U65^7Y 8%>S3 + MF6?&IT9&HU_7NM.J=W#SS%I'G_CE*CZO66]WVX_KU?7QA.^/Y?GUKN'>$`!B M"`4-`;]3.JK"N+)'>X50(OD[\(2^YJ7/4?UB.R]]`?2>PA"#PKA5$!E#/"5' MVQ52*+EI^(0:(?2S]O6% 93=?+M3Z$?#K,Z!_5''--%;5=+98W9R:4T\L*0ASF MAE@I#0`&:0TY/UI!*4$R-0WC\^5&#S#F(,-_+):K[?OU=EMN/ZW 0@`&,466A&2`A;=`>_1HKZ3`)1^2)2ZFC3S29E7>Q>SDZ^38 MTS?$.2CU;;/ C]]ND(U@,JCV%]#,?. I'N=DM_[@OYR=^$Q82P[7$R&B+2$Q+JN/T ME-6LL:WF6,5OA`*#F0Y_`N 7^H M^RTVNY]?-XO5-I@ UK$N;>I32I'_\6PV[+3`Y13TF D8:RZZ.7? 3 JSFM*)T]_2MS>L1U#CMD..)1!:$Y4$3:D+`Y796( MM8#B'[#Q*I5)O8,[_1TRQAL6FWQHZF+-5WNDJCJRMB"Y`#+Z.FD/TU+/V&:9 MFIZ=4WJJ63P7")VYJ_"4>V8!](P3P[#AJ.JFK'6P.W4GS.B+)3U,1KVAFE1( M_5;&5@KEC?I1;A9WY6'_S:=;LWYX6*^^[-;7?[Y63FV\L7"6@\![S:`-62`' MDM*J@Z1&"J06T$8?(*=S8A!@DVCQ=;.X6:[N[.+G-CS`>O-U?2SR;H,O;(C` M/I?_NU_&6:^J_L8?O$:5I,$*I@F#4,H0U4%N&1%25/4#[81K%/%.?PM5$GUR M@)UCC3I0/4Z'Y8W=;X)%5V4PY^;+]P#I]NG)XYM1?WWX4H9E=QDS@S/+6+>! M"P0MPMA;:92QL?NQ`I783WO!4S\53FCW5NI*EQ7X_+6DDZ=^,N9S]#,\&YI? M.$81#PJ`A'.)&07 MK" =T>6^V:%]&F^PJE M,6""&D1TS%&1=@K640%`J2'XA+9R):V7/>,ZY"ZN3YN[Q6KY?T M%IN?GVZ_+.]6R]OE]6*U4]?7L2]1G%S7]\OKDY4PZT:NTR '#*A"_9]]3)^81%PA$FG%+:6Q',R`.38`Z]E6%UXHQ!Y MA-B=[)D*!#G'BZ^!"OK^Y03OK1ZE@(((+,(KIJ'W$E""$*\\PF6R7&^$U?', M#%Y/RK&CFT3#(O'7OH+D8QE6GS!>[%-R"%[? F$\]>73='YY96GP\K_=^W$?E3%B/#F613_O==K=8Q8K>`8TS MO&DU3N'"F^8P0D9#`*$)4'A9X:"82#WA8(1?CX=AU9!HYV#=BZBT7?,*)!B% M(2EF1D$-F)?,U7.WM":US=D(/QL/PZ(^4'T+MMCE_3Z2OWVL],N=_\_>E36W MD2/I?[2+^WC$V>L(=ZNG[9F)>4*PI9+%78KE*5+>UO[Z!4@6K8NL(EB7:,_$ M]-CJ`H3,_)!()/((!D@G%5-$&,:=LX*JO3Y6W.5&6$]0#TW+6CI/#L\Q]YYM MC&P^O#,KHRZ==[5\D?H9%WYU^WGVUY$]W#@V\`A+8K6S$$,NB5+.BYI>J'1N M5[X)[N*^\-,UCP>_T:CUNIK_^;!.T ;)F3,' M+C!51',CK&56XLC_O6%/B -5&PMZ MMM@]]&Y6_ES]/8T]V5;(;!%&=.;,07"B >"^BCDP?*&1'*26,%-]`C+3RJ.1;- M"#B8D?9C8[I+(8WH`3_$SM-]X(=F"G%O"\R SDPDLF M47S]?422^(@6C1TFGE(LL.-&1ID[E]HM&J(:"Q"WC-+]='U7W#PLBJO;+($> M*N[>V=Q!@7BCTD9R)+'DTF%![(X/4B%X07GD`^.F'%=20YQH>K9(.8:?[HIB M_3$A(Q%UO"S6H2$A]?8F`D'FJ(EFI#`2Z9JZ5$ON_>-P!"24O3!_+&@UEF4\ M/"@8IYT0@@&(%;'`**Y936':S>\?7MT)N05JLKB:F>:R7&^2,_ZLXO8PVVSX MXP4:CPP)$C*EF8,4 >X)_6*"=07%%39A=C*7K@Z6(F^UB4:,=8&("$- M4!(1Q)5S T MH.-IO!L$`UD%'26D5L5#3U!+O+*I-'%M4"GA]846=,S&P!F\R[( JND5E!10#UFM'9%*>?UI;A,AI)HV3W/!PF>W+V$F ?2VJV?IH`$J["8*G0#,+*">066F5E9K6E&.O )#&D@ONC^%I6F\B43\67IB"DPX."L-8*C!BA M`@D.O" `! ]9U3;:)=B[.+1SVN&:.$;2P],/^AB-!75-?.[A,Y5-?\R7Z8HN "%F>[>:D#S7L)I0? '^^EHL5\=@]OKC`(7G4$%.F5%,*NJE5SN*TETD]R5M0N4FQ\34 MV0P?`D*^K(K(AFU,P?7CYVJV7,VN$Z=^F 5"*F3CD5]'0&@E\OMT@M:HDUO4+8LOJ0_-YXL$7W\2F5SD]>;_'W_&6Q^, MFT4$(1#1(BS'A'$-'8%6*86T)9231J]+/[R+)^O5K5NMY_ N>9`+)ZD SQ;8#[ /]B)/)?F'@,>+SCBA(\.WEF0B]0 MTX#I`,(9)->F^%8L'XH_BNORRW*>V-4>GXUC@P5(*&2$@]ZF;FZ11E?3BZ%$ M0[U173H8NY;$P"]5F[:X[7'7,#)H[Q!46FJGI$=&:2Q`3:MS/O _E\E_.G]>P-7]=;UXN"EN?!3.KJBAF2VN'[:GP 2U8O%+6/`8(Y0;O3'!KC`7.E[ZCR0ASO`WSV^R^:*RB MV#0T8(!$RGSAR#DGM8F*"M344NXNJ/;1)##3"L?9XAD"C)_6T>Z^^IJ8U%AB MZ=6WP0)-'.=*4T*@A(PYL3\4"579L?KO!6XYHGUI'YS)U'=PQ'\\4KBIZU\1 M>`I`E@#;*`1J+(8 I>`"ZD5>UN&=*[EW@'MUG_P#_8%^.W]`45S0>&X0 M [A-[6\K ?&_]^4>QJHEK__R `OSW,HFZ]?4P%O^>K_7(_[`(MU_\J9M4; MS-2/O\W6#U7-BX97Y>Y^2 ")"*X\>;E* NZ9=C`R MK*91,GQ!@61G2;@ T5/>K)_J^S5OP6?,&:XA%FJO()"8%1,!14?,I M-4&\'%_;B`?OD"(:IG;$?O$OK\/?B3D"V5;C@\!(F,AM*R@C@")LM*SIUDJ" MRU&5`^'C5;6([J70I^=EUW[AP_*VK.XWPT?QN>R6L6T+$4^E%FZ40T,"A/%@ MPMH!*N,190'CPFS AT,Y7UXMR]=#R0:AY=(!>00\-(-Y"0A2$ M2K":;F+M!9G:YXO^I;NB ?_/%J^;JW2E1]J11#O'DLYIN//I??74+% MS6_%>IO3/*;7M4L-8%R\/&$C$#*68TBH)\!*8XWU2&L_>O3#RX4_$9]^W/W+ M]L[0UK,%A;RC5&,-(/ =MS1>,C+@DA]#9T#CHT.R+W =DD?'! /YW!1B'HD"`UG =`P7H"XQ4QK:#6VS&"WIQ>*W&XQ4Y1[GH3*SIF8)>X/R\BAY8;- MR6O=2N;'Q@2'L1!.`\>C+0T(]BP:YKLU.^QS?;53](V=+_@..7G69K??;MIM M\_V'@4*/%(>$ -1[W-\!#U M&92(&LD5)T`Q2?Q>H3FM "2B5B/\UE,9_UNN'-+L!ZW0-BH[$^;H9=(=L'K!B M[#'=4W\2$-..6.VDC$N-BCDIUMWJXU_(Y1D?W8+D3'X.4[EKM;ZJWZV/0.+9 M=R'B6,MXUGK+*7)22")L30?E*# +\,>CB#DY:>!&8>( M (7(F7[,LC]1-HIK_^9`H^+TJ;^=O/2L 7KL`1+59A>!!.?*_?26'^5ZMGA_ &!1>)XH11%2$M/++`(%A3213.K7D[P2X=O2J-#GD\ M")+JM6W?55,OTV,`>OUU@!A)3PT2"J!XV]/6HOK^3[B`N7V&3F^;\3Z53G>L MS?>:IK"BY8TM_ESO$!O_]ENY+)\OZ;`ADCE3`(ZE&KI VW`[*Y MY]4$FUST=U[USO8AM-"^4/UNB;I8%F^;/@TC@O3*2(D0!LA("`A`:K]EI$:Y MSI4)=K#H51MUP]Y!$C_JD*"&H^O9=X$PP+7#(++$88LA-6Q_WT,*9P>7GMZ" MXGV?6N=P-?M^5.R[[ [^;6JBMFHR?]=AJ%2YJ44&CON MK,7""P3T3@:&@^8.['V'H=9N_%2*QOVUB318F(?5.AX\58H9?B&G]A&I.1,' M+9*Z0X8K8Z2"SLN]$62LL]F=,*:O($X'S,'@U`$X/VB T$T(02K39[UBH\"5%'9POX[?#4L[F:GO4K(KK__A2?OO/39&DZC&!!M=_ M27C!3_"R^W'X^Z HZ\RC/9=WX( MZPF1J[M(/.2)P/'"39W6BBF,O*IC'`P0+- O848/C]?^"H#:.H3*09`;QT);+ZVUAF>U:CSEI M7WP:@-*1"HT)0()CYYC5-3464Y'MLYL>SOH7^$O7[7F\'M81\]NL2B]9WRXF M\1=K0;W57"@-J00\_I%CX)RDA`%A&N,[>]JJN[#:UXG9QS;MP4&!6(P]`U(@ MBB1%5')`(Y6>R4@J,Q>T? Q`MU6OK/22T#3IHQ2*CBG4PRP*F([!'$(EOS!F*6FX`]Q3M'UR@ ]P4J[6P]&],J?+VB)SS]7IZGQ6ETXDS!. I'LHY>DTY@YQEOQ2E:O5P:R&-[X*2CN,.5"0."*TCR0Q4=.`+,O-S3Y9 MYU\20/+Y.]UX/J:QB@MV4')+>/P/2C[Z+1U>VMRWC?9I 82S K==39XF'P@)E'!* C+:Q9XP7W!4)">-4 J&`B5KWCCK+\A1VQMJ M#GK.^I/#>`KD[\O9P\W\R4'T@^@0*C&01&&B&7,">Z>$V,C'.Z3B#7@ 3S 4A5M#'/NGLIC&S=[KF"`-C(>)A!ZYZB#\0@C-9U$9C?N MF=`>[A\"Y;!"&'H_JV^S^2+9);ZL/LT63SI[;U__X@5JO: _!\786VMNS%QK,3H@J"B&%'FL$?M_]JYL.8Y; MR?X2]N41J\ L M*42:*6.QH59J9SVO1JT4&]$=R48Y (NF@[I?^[_5M.GJ,^/ MEQO:_U)0QGL@*150`,L8B3/45B/$ B.LNWY MH4"4-\HQ2BS@5$KIF7+5"(A1N3%X`^1.-X+>H=NRD.YXWUC_\;^FQ3SV???] M4_%4',MU R-:+%N!O# 30"3UE;Q#C%[F\(]D[I]^OL @4)M7XO; %>2> B]8`!GQJ7:Q54P;@JBIIR%PV % _!#' ?3D?C*[ M+OZ\*XKEIR32)+S#KJA]KP1`-*,PKMO6`">]ITJI:G30^-R4D0-40>W[GAH" MN2\*'?4N[7\I.`@D\T(!*"2(/V#'ZDF2$MZ,QP%PN9!/8$T6JOU%[9T4WK(W MDD-SSC7&BD,(@07( EG(=L&?71=(CK)G_TO!$>T, MA1I!IQ$VBE%6! #C?*($ 0^?=HO48OO M4ET7M1 024I1+S-%R04GIOQZZ$R+U,\T9=Z/D$;!?W+!6W_U-VK/5PGV8[KY7` M'($20`4A0\H@:A"IYQ*/0WM?6\\+%5JKV+?+J;227\ZI=2N!&8]8G" KF^GLMC$_6AM]!>`!Q1YBJ"323FO):>WKX=3EZCSY ML8[V(Z$^67RBKZZ=W@*7!&A/4C@3]E0*Q6$55ZNIS 0AD'FPV[` MEKH+Q&-%.8ZFMK`>:TT(\?7BA57NAAF>?@@R+B_A,.34)Z// EJ!>$+N31-)NL9P^)+U4?_K5MUW/ MZ>^FG*US[*XF][]-E@F=[V-*+(T5@49@JKG#'JEH$Q)GE5)(,QBWST>#>[K> M-:>P]*T Q_]LO?Q?W3\5O45IWSUD5LO;8YW41$!= ;H2>6)H]QAPC>T.3A:'[#3_H.E7CH@(WTY$-#2=)6^PM,#D)MP M;`SFVLE4*X KZ^0R?L]=>1_EN=C B]GB]`*8ES :D&QM1YJ3RP$#%5C%\B/H&A1EP0I^Q),MYK`/3S>E]^+8OTW?ZSFUW=Q M1'_ -9L8X!'U/Y7.?CP"J M8O&O!Z*B=&:WQ=95_?S,'Y/OZZ7O[\G\YO0"?!?V$:#E#"I)#6,&6JO3#>@* M0P;]""IR=$FTO1?\NA53%X;T1M,\%$ 7"7`/"[+0 MRXI (L.\*VFU0I1Q3J/GWZZ91D"! 0F 2/VI+/^3$D&W3^K7/04AA+-: MR&A%$D6\]]3H"A\-LV/1!YA`["V3^B*A#=I8_VWRS_1A]5!O3U9?%]?SZ6-Z M^_-D>=`WVE*7P4B@D3$18*$M1=PY5:/K:'9.Z0%FN._;CNE?>F]A;OR^2COT M[>9K$55`-?86)\?>/H,3EDKE&"8& 661$*G'K M')%$NA2[S%U#P3KKT*WRV[\3K+/8PN?I[=UR_9]%XD-Q,UG8Z=/T)L*:E-G5 M:KE83F;K6,4-KQ*7]B'02./!T71/3AH.7/P'22 MU_Z8S*_F?R[3G @NTM!HR1LQ^+I)'JD$FNN&CVM@0"PU=)0Z./*`8"%\0=1C5QC M/H(*Y#T2LQ49]*9,W3_%_'I:GZ-M_W*Q_=N="0LO:B](S#G1&`HKC4+`8YDJ ML6UPD5KE1D(-R.$R-*79L$CRDDOOLHJO_IY%=.ZFCU_BNXL$5OGR('=9ZB+N M6HOM]Z>(B_T!`2WT$H1"%$'$!#,4`\,L(+[")2XMN2$Q`\K "ZI/` MJ:SI9#K[=;983I>K!.GD?G/IJYPONF'W*9\050)A2@%A)+ :L5B\Q@5CL'N#!''2$?-]J*8)3@WAJB(GZ( M4*",1EL,J8!T!+ M`L\43'=V%*_&1[S*K?@T(!KVR(F?UL5FI-"A\VC]B4 (2(?ZH-RZ`,,OY\5>T4Q?3VUGR +8N:V^E&J0*^P!'?`V*.P&D1QT5.BG;JXW1E@08(3@B!%3#D?P:L2P M-R-(+CH@NZ9K M?5PSS*+%P3/;"V4PID@!2(2+DYMKBQE#R!`(JI$S!UFNGW^(:G$H[&M(%GWI MO(T?]TQ]MWDI")7B(1BS-@Z'0:&U]_4(@3U:`6#X`5.#8]L%^/?%L! FT^KKVUQ;5\(>0=S*^/21>I_Y=G+_'/Q>)Q M_SIY\KL!&$,\$=)3XZW2UF% G@+O/+][-\9_! MD%&&$;?6 ZY\8 MT#:P2Z*U=OQWGIBR%K0Z7',=)+'G(&_/DT$[[PUB\:.@LCHEW1.J^KX(T)B\ M"=W+M&P2^P:XL? OL:N`^J-9+#K"49#CH]J_OG )XBU0JKDK JU`++"$%,[ M@FCO+HG6FC?[/#%U$@^049X):XR9%$Y(:BB`4#+CJU$@9C^NK%PB^4/EF 24N"I3,I#I!:P8%A1%4C83`[.GB`%,H3X.'R3.>AE^7N>5'])ZI8 M=U\\%=MD9N L/S/%=V>4DP-(=H` M)^)/683X^;W`+7&0"1(M EH0RD=4&:-Y-EP,9Q?+Q&8AC-T=,3-> M/1?B`BFMT)@BC3TGT%%5VVN4D#'YI'JW,RY!?A#NI;VX/(]L=G.RN=)&=R&N M^CS.1`L0ARJ5J6:F1I63,80 '0:62]`HZA6@%0(T?@"1@&/ 46>51U", K\_$VM#59W0?@`%6 M.Y/._K0PS#H' 65SV *TOL,UF[A#MD/Z8V[08>CBT_UP\UL61R]OYY.'='-TC MSK05QCOC*`<>4DOHML@68O*XAZZE576G4)[33ZB' 2Y89)#VBSW25)=F6Q;5P(> [MLA03D%6'A!C;2@&A708\B?U`.U6I=#-_E'=WW_YR+YKZ:SV^ ?K+%ET1NSL,T23@6&'C"?`$,LGC3J1"5S$XENNW'5&P8:=#(S(; MM)ON=1UM]10U6?+6QY&N+[&V,1^.=!D81%`0K)E24&*FO,5LBZY2(/MPY>P9 M\;@I2;& =*+0-_"!%E/_-ICW^+L>-U1X"!N++C"C'NH(,12:UXA:2AH M_WQ>;J;&K+A=[QF&ZQX?YMRX2)R=>3CVU:\Z]YSG_,:"Q1YAYQ6F7%-&75Q8 M:T0(4KDI64Y/9?F:X.^*VVU+ZRTH]N?KWEUH]QV]!:X\9%@"P#W32$LG**PP M1?GY7T[/P?FAXGN6:;=)8C8V6KEO=V.+R=;1>716]/(=@2B$*$8:.XRBSN%> M6%)ARR7-S5E[>N7B][=BO`5!#WJQ&:!S"E)CM,0F78LDV!GAI:K0I=3EADZ> M705YL^EVLW 13F(5+1=4D^5 M22GP-Q*Q5.1: RT3JVI4C4([D$CA-(P_GF MXY##X0PW_AA=)*;8I= MCL;0N^+@MU)$8T#+H3% M6'GN)='>2JB#I!!FU`IV3@0 -!(D(1#!!>1.0IR+MB*6J M0T@6\[;;MQ'ERWY$*O9I`Y-@8]I8/RU7^ :,Q`6BR1KW0? N_V^:O?LX,^0RQ]].U6T6(!B'.O6%44TZ] MY"!Q91/IARU6L78:'JHC2^Z87SV!/0^J#;1"?)]@D>B`TXH]8*)T3F"VFM5A M+:U;9XRTO*;Q2 MBG;NC7;SQ/QHAH_," MM`'FP&H+)FU4],] KA-`?ZBR(L=& D+3AP3EE^3B/"= OKSM7(K+$!6E M+(%M=`C8@[3$,%?IU$AU-43S[LH1 ]!G%98@26\3!@_$2J'$& MK.>53A5K'4EK7`WBDQH%82RQ\LHC.(QX\_C[ZV*]>OHGUU)_>,B%TV_)T;SM M`5%9R87&&"MB9%:#)]X9Q0T8I)(;+56H858&W"L&HU[WWW+I[U"]**W9:J;V M>(3 S TT-X48CKY$R!]4S*[B\&H/OR0E=:=]]6J^X:G2T!^HN M00-)IF^7'-:['QYEYH /!>,&$/6N/">-*VA\&(UELE3>N_[JXT/D66 M56 9=WM7Q2#-L0)3//E;2&U,YKH2I.6X:N-2#]$SDB7 MEEX,JVMN]-=?\C_GK/3TR[]02P,$%`````@`]VX]1G]C&:IK%0``YO8``!$` M'`!N9FQX+3(P,30Q,C,Q+GAS9%54"0`#,H+*5#*"RE1U>`L``00E#@``!#D! M``#M76EOXSB:_K[`_@=N@,56`^N*G:,N=/7`N6HS2"79)-4UNU\&M$3;G))) M#TDE]O[Z):G;HDQ=J5)B-;K1CL3W?%[>+ZG?_[):>.`1,8XI^;PW>CO ;GWES_^]5]^_[?!X&\G=U?@C#K^`A$!3AF"`KG@"8LY M^.XB_@-,&5V`[Y3]P(_P/\&4L@5BWAI\1Y,+[$F>?#`(68'@UXJ[G[@S1PL( MH!`,3WR!+B39&9I"WQ.?]WSR3Q]Z>(J1*U7SD)* GI+D)AZ>/76H8O]@^'H:'1P.-H#TGK"/TG-?F0*KR;,>TO9 M3)8 HGV9:&!+(48=F(Z.U&60!5P M14R3-N%X/WB9+HJW&(P)%Y`XL #G7IT<>/'_?UV[@H=TT%)=O1_M^^ M7MUKJ/ B@H1I)#:ZF1D37BAH?]R%S%-P2.4 L+^7 7J 5=$DH0I^#A(&-?7@V*FL142C?K2@@5BRZBI$1/K7-B4@ M(51H3OI9]'2YQ&1*PT?RH>K#/T4=^1V:`CU>_13VHMM'M?M+1I>("2P'5ZE9 M@&8P9VCZ>4_-!0;1F/_O#O3>RG%P5"0G(#O$T/V5)'%\3YMQE2@9 67!35M[O+PMFSUJLL MMUBC2* Y3Y#\H\4:Z!Y@PQS\$:Q_PT$`G[?W^2Z M*=#G4D7RA_Z]Z (0&QQ]L%,V*Z%=.C MX<>CX4$C3,&;4-)O/;I&(![@Q$,M@QORW(KMX?#CX7#4$-M`T,Y!>P(]M5AR M/T=(*/]0(NTIBV$!L:5Q/3(TKB$GH%F!A% DJ)D+^N\(1!MJ[6 MH-;E;FE9CPPM:Q&@X$WJ-YV"4"`()?ZVNXUL37!.I?H'SXM_(*(/@E\6!->0 M,:G;8\7Q4TEF=F"/R@,; _Y/'R_5;J3\G1JFG"%INX.U M`6T@74^B/1P.RX=#I`*`Q`6Q$OJO]/@LK4 -@&3J_,PR=4^QTO "&?W4QOX5J7NZ`L156MW6U-G*71?6=H=+?B#MY$\D&@@!IF12JHY)HT M^0ZWN%L`O/"%=/17*6WA+R+7?2,N8E QSEYA26.`HB)27SMWZR88V#&?3D"-Q!2"5E MMM?^%#&VH_ZN,NI2$DB)ZI$V`7(O&(*JFP]74MJO\58)=NQSRT,6[&.1T?I0 M7^-M V>G]#LX6"]QZ"YFT;(X$EJHVQ2C+S`;8L:Y3)0$#;S+,=[I> MQ2Y3NQBIC=Y@@[ SA#)P?KL[( MMPU13#&R@#>J!%["MX Q*K"^).BZK%2L)WU86VP`;QG4N/LN;^CE6N[R:'T@QW#5\ MSA=+CZX1.D%$,A:W $A83Y?8M0?E/?DLP8@-"/D`QZE&HF%2QA &6I3P'6PP M3F]#[!IP45KVJO0Z8YK"TI@-#3"$ 4I8I4:][J M\;:T?$-#HD(:P,W,SUB:SDE(E]SA!?Z,VZ>(,>3*/\: ^J MC7A)OG:T IO$$C2VP(I63W0RE4U=^RV 7*I.%MZLO+XUMD>`NH+(]3UT,PT>GB#I)]0&]J4Y MVU'/;;-G48\D*;S#-Q,MK, _6$"VOIF>SB&9J?G%-\)DK9D1_'^Z[PSG M D+NR;B)+.SY!8)OW'AMFFHA\H!D!QV&6''Q^^/[Y'!%-V347M M`6H5CMO;MN&Q86Z9A0N\.7XK9?P["*0`+:;/&LM#^_YXV#*T%HYV:'-S$0VM M2$,K9?306J#]T#:R%H9V8'/CT !;L/!`Q=O1MA)C,;JF'*QPY MK,?;,GPR[3RF!>F%OM1T(R4,)-)`)*['NP0F:O7 P-4FZS)1-^XU3XW90(OU2HQEJ# M0.V@.^,@4APHS4&H.DCIWK=EU>*DTB)O$PG;EX.'H\/\G+E16[:CJ\=WR/$@ MYW'65EEH\W26B="!82*48[+SWJ_6TA>26UKB`\-"1([7[C:,]VBF$K6K)XP; M""VY?*9:$7+9Y>3PO"-3/V_('5+7XZL&.RRH,K.RF1H/-'T^(IZ#5ZM?SZZ& M9:/ZP+`$8(@.\";]A_PW42PJ'B24;22S")H]1)*L".SPJ"B/N5JBO9+37C=( MS3M9?T%TQN!RCITQ0[!BFUV?OSU8 %6:;)22&Y)3#DP)*88,=K1& __M0R;4 MURK#B\R@=P8%K%JCRO"R5*I#8Z4*&(.8,XA9`\5[EZO5-I]7K&(E6%FJVZ&Q MNEG1ZRN?P>/?"/1=K#]$V`)^"3?+I.?0..FQ0ACSWST4YW(XKY($+O4WU/2` MOBQD)E++4HT1'\4G2%1(<>J!D'.^1]DMJ-;E@K)[J.:"CL_TH9U@&B;']>(" M8O8G]/RJ`\BVQ%G6@XP]HA%P\":6/Y`*#)0&(%$!1#J`L0!*"Z#5V.5!J0'" M 2*'S-Y-O'VB,I/1@LB*M8G%3%Z M_\= X9^#2*A^A*- M/G^T(!):`[P&KOE!EQ'7'C@3 #:O_3&HIE+LD.=' M14;(8[%A75:[-X%D$(CNZW-!6.@G)[+9 `]VLKHU#H;(D>U3D MTF$+HB))8XR$@U"ZRN$P-A=]B.2!X]Q?:"_Q;UP!IU>:4NA]43?9M1@HU>39 MP^5#]7!)5`!*!Q4NP?I:)F@"1?JH2:%8;?VLB-RR>O;!M'IFQ/3UKYW]OK_B M[B>X7&(RI?I9^(00&I@0/%3/D!= T4OL:?W-2)FW)? >]U81Y^!,6:+$' MA%1=2J.$^(M/+EU`3"[E"V71'@@*+A'#U'W0!5V?A9FD^WD[$KU=5SN/JUXE M^RVA\+//L1%E2M:Q*'BRH#+()9--DR;!ES4^[SER;HI%`TL+M[&D9IRKJW:@ MIR[:^2(=.XJMKDKUC!YPT +S"8*MF;;!O''5++ M'C5+>.U^S39+O&6?YKGOCC]5,X>>SZ$Q^\XUHX4C'_.GS9/J-@X)(Y]5*%_? M" '0*EUA`+_BL[47^`[[Z J02>>==`HF[\?7FDLZH1/B*W/`P1Q+VJ4CF2 ;PNYU"?-79.BL>K 8_H*R5B7M,[!BY==E#-N?ZKFL@WG*6_PBEX&9,,:W^\BDL* MZ%^33[(3Y28,7E03(EM*G8TLLKG-P;U5#[)]//&H\V.+6THS:+!Y("(V+4R0 M]67UER2_)1!_228VME317U$'2IJJ;BNAT^\J+8((RG1:W,T308S/\5*-F+C: M1:/3\!XKM:TFZ`E2UQN 6G2(FU-8-B>V"7@`T9?Q6%D,DZ6I^JLA: M$27#:1EP:"&8VC'W>9S8=3\%69J7G/O(A?P,/V(7$5?!>^,+U9CIU O MNCL/R:A[C?+5*_7BY5A1U`KFW[\ 0*S[-UVH@[$^T*YYIVU8IBB=:^"VC4YP)PMR; M#F>MJ?7#F^D]8H_803S=C=Y,S7EZE2@Z/-O>8L;9HUO==A/1RS3?DJA9C[1S MKBANIX(^(S^BWAB668MU8&AV]N=9%HE@G:]@N;!TZ6ZL#>;4_ N\!05 M6I0I4C\F(P7;[R6EQN%6F)QSJW7;Y2(W(["4Z4+ NUB-O*29"923]+V(T7$N',Y3ZB&$6[*I$'0SG *R_SIBK;G9IL@[:K@_Q(E?GW_[5)^AP>#` H4X1TCE:$K% MQFI+?Z9+\,S)BSM$T!/TTF=5ZA!V E 3(,Y M3VQ1F9+/FH=3:J\V4)-._XOZ3-:/S3V![U`X ,+E1>IN(:&28G3:DKX_R)Q.QF.D7*V9FLUM@A[?#JW`ID[*Q[ MU13Y'MJ$V+QL4[IT-Q==$O7K?_TV[XI&O#J0"U+L+KVX$J3["BRU5.LLV9') M]B(=&)+HG-[ SF> >P*>@9%,HZO2-2YJ5QQZ.=NOE6S$^,W M$HKO(&O*I`/5H8X%^8K1E$M7JH@QJ_F&X9D "]')/#4@PR>JB9[O;$^49FL M`VL6#W!UJM=`3R%C:ZFO'I11(4>[_T".$/1\M H#30[8JS'''9+=C33R(EIG2Y_0KTO ODS\*O+!::6HJH@W:KVVDY MGA%U?E\KGK6P^'4G; ,1,_3'>JFR0VY=*`; M_HY48CURQ[+9A#,Y,\2.WOC*;1*6*?B ?_`U!+`0(> M`Q0````(`/=N/48JQ`[B"[$!`,2N&P`1`!@```````$```"D@0````!N9FQX M+3(P,30Q,C,Q+GAM;%54!0`#,H+*5'5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``%!+`0(>`Q0` M```(`/=N/48(-NSAH28``,BD`0`5`!@```````$```"D@5:Q`0!N9FQX+3(P M,30Q,C,Q7V-A;"YX;6Q55`4``S*"RE1U>`L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4 M````"`#W;CU&9"77B>1$``#=-@,`%0`8```````!````I(%&V`$`;F9L>"TR M,#$T,3(S,5]D968N>&UL550%``,R@LI4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX# M%`````@`]VX]1L+X6$;&TP``P$D+`!4`&````````0```*2!>1T"`&YF;'@M M,C`Q-#$R,S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#,H+*5'5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``%!+`0(> M`Q0````(`/=N/4;*$8=HKH$``))P!@`5`!@```````$```"D@8[Q`@!N9FQX M+3(P,30Q,C,Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`4``S*"RE1U>`L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$" M'@,4````"`#W;CU&?V,9JFL5``#F]@``$0`8```````!````I(&+ "TR,#$T,3(S,2YX `L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P4&```` /``8`!@`:`@``08D#```` ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments and Contingencies (Legal Proceedings) (Details) (Pending Litigation [Member]) Apr. 02, 2012 lawsuits_filed Feb. 29, 2012 lawsuits_filed Feb. 24, 2012 lawsuits_filed Feb. 13, 2012 lawsuits_filed Jan. 27, 2012 lawsuits_filed Jan. 13, 2012 lawsuits_filed May 02, 2012 lawsuits_filed Feb. 09, 2012 lawsuits_filed Nov. 23, 2011 lawsuits_filed United States District Court for the Northern District of California [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Shareholder suits 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_UnitedStatesDistrictCourtForNorthernDistrictOfCaliforniaMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Shareholder suits 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_SuperiorCourtOfCaliforniaSantaClaraCountyMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_SuperiorCourtOfCaliforniaSantaClaraCountyMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember 1 us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber / us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis = nflx_SuperiorCourtOfCaliforniaSantaClaraCountyMember / us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis = us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember X - Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of pending claims pertaining to a loss contingency. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Long-Term Debt (Senior Convertible Notes) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 0 Months Ended 1 Months Ended Apr. 30, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 May 28, 2012 Nov. 30, 2011 Debt Instrument [Line Items] Proceeds from issuance of debt $ 400,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt $ 500,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt $ 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Debt issuance costs 7,080,000 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts 9,414,000 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts 295,000 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Common stock, shares issued 2,300,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities Director [Member] | Convertible Debt [Member] | Senior Convertible Notes [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Long-term debt due to related party 200,000,000.0 us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember 200,000,000.0 us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Proceeds from issuance of debt 197,800,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Debt issuance costs, net 2,200,000 us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Debt issuance costs $ 300,000 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Weighted average price of common stock $ 111.54 nflx_WeightedAveragePriceOfCommonStock / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Common stock, shares issued 2,300,000.0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Common stock conversion ratio 11.6553 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionRatio1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Fair value at conversion 216.99 nflx_CommonStockFairValueAtConversion / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = nflx_SeniorConvertibleNoteMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = us-gaap_DirectorMember Director [Member] | Convertible Debt [Member] | Senior Convertible Notes [Member] | Minimum [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Trading days prior to conversion date required for conversion 50 days Director [Member] | Convertible Debt [Member] | Senior Convertible Notes [Member] | Maximum [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Trading days prior to conversion date required for conversion 65 days X - Definition Common Stock, Fair Value at Conversion + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CommonStockFairValueAtConversion Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Trading Days Prior To Conversion Date Required For Conversion + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_TradingDaysPriorToConversionDateRequiredForConversion Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted Average Price Of Common Stock + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_WeightedAveragePriceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Ratio applied to the conversion of debt instrument into equity with equity shares divided by debt principal amount. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21521-112644 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Conversion Rate -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509012 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionRatio1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:pureItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Net amount of long-term deferred finance costs capitalized at the end of the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28555-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Portion of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties that is payable after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 23 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-30) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Additions to streaming content library (3,773,459) nflx_AdditionsToStreamingContentLibrary (3,049,758) nflx_AdditionsToStreamingContentLibrary (2,515,506) nflx_AdditionsToStreamingContentLibrary Change in streaming content liabilities 593,125 nflx_ChangeInStreamingContentLiabilities 673,785 nflx_ChangeInStreamingContentLiabilities 762,089 nflx_ChangeInStreamingContentLiabilities Amortization of streaming content library 2,656,279 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfStreamingContentLibrary 2,121,981 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfStreamingContentLibrary 1,591,218 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfStreamingContentLibrary Amortization of DVD content library 71,491 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfDvdContentLibrary 71,325 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfDvdContentLibrary 65,396 nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfDvdContentLibrary Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles 54,028 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization 48,374 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization 45,469 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization Stock-based compensation expense 115,239 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation 73,100 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation 73,948 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation (89,341) us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities (81,663) us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities (4,543) us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities Other non-cash items 15,282 us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense 5,332 us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense (8,392) us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense Loss on extinguishment of debt 0 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt 25,129 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt 0 us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt Deferred taxes (30,063) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (22,044) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit (30,071) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other current assets (8,758) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets 62,234 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets (5,432) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets Accounts payable 83,812 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable 18,374 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable (4,943) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Accrued expenses 55,636 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities 1,941 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities 9,806 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities Deferred revenue 58,819 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue 46,295 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue 20,676 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue Other non-current assets and liabilities (52,406) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet (8,977) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet 4,719 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet Net cash provided by operating activities 16,483 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities 97,831 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities 21,586 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of DVD content library (74,790) nflx_PaymentsForAcquisitionsOfContentLibrary (65,927) nflx_PaymentsForAcquisitionsOfContentLibrary (48,275) nflx_PaymentsForAcquisitionsOfContentLibrary Purchases of property and equipment (69,726) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment (54,143) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment (40,278) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment Other assets 1,334 us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities 5,939 us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities 8,816 us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities Purchases of short-term investments (426,934) us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromAvailableforsaleSecuritiesShortterm (550,264) us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromAvailableforsaleSecuritiesShortterm (477,321) us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromAvailableforsaleSecuritiesShortterm Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 385,300 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities 347,502 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities 282,953 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 141,950 us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities 60,925 us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities 29,365 us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities Net cash used in investing activities (42,866) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities (255,968) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities (244,740) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 60,544 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock 124,557 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock 4,124 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Proceeds from public offering of common stock, net of issuance costs 0 nflx_ProceedsfromIssuancePaymentsforRepurchasePublicOfferingofCommonStock 0 nflx_ProceedsfromIssuancePaymentsforRepurchasePublicOfferingofCommonStock (464) nflx_ProceedsfromIssuancePaymentsforRepurchasePublicOfferingofCommonStock Proceeds from issuance of debt 400,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt 500,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Debt issuance costs (7,080) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts (9,414) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts (295) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Redemption of debt 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt (219,362) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 89,341 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities 81,663 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities 4,543 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities Principal payments of lease financing obligations (1,093) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations (1,180) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations (2,319) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations Net cash provided by financing activities 541,712 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities 476,264 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities 5,589 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6,686) us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents (3,453) us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents (197) us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 508,643 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease 314,674 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease (217,762) us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 604,965 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 290,291 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 508,053 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 1,113,608 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 604,965 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 290,291 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Supplemental disclosure: Income taxes paid 50,573 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid 7,465 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid 28,853 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid Interest paid $ 41,085 us-gaap_InterestPaid $ 19,114 us-gaap_InterestPaid $ 19,009 us-gaap_InterestPaid X - Definition Additions to Streaming Content Library + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_AdditionsToStreamingContentLibrary Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Change in Streaming Content Liabilities + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ChangeInStreamingContentLiabilities Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Cost of Services, Amortization of DVD Content Library + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfDvdContentLibrary Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Cost of Services, Amortization of Streaming Content Library + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_CostOfServicesAmortizationOfStreamingContentLibrary Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_PaymentsForAcquisitionsOfContentLibrary Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Proceeds from Issuance (Payments for Repurchase) Public Offering of Common Stock + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ProceedsfromIssuancePaymentsforRepurchasePublicOfferingofCommonStock Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) from the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalent balances held in foreign currencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow from realized tax benefit related to deductible compensation cost reported on the entity's tax return for equity instruments in excess of the compensation cost for those instruments recognized for financial reporting purposes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32706628&loc=d3e11374-113907 + Details Name: us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash outflow for realized tax benefit related to deductible compensation cost reported on the entity's tax return for equity instruments in excess of the compensation cost for those instruments recognized for financial reporting purposes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32706628&loc=d3e11374-113907 + Details Name: us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Difference between the fair value of payments made and the carrying amount of debt which is extinguished prior to maturity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 50 -Section 40 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6850294&loc=d3e12317-112629 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 50 -Section 40 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6850294&loc=d3e12355-112629 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period, excluding the portion taken into income, in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other noncurrent operating assets less other noncurrent operating liabilities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Other income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflows or outflows in the period. Includes noncash adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash outflow (inflow) through acquisition (sale) of short-term available-for-sale securities. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromAvailableforsaleSecuritiesShortterm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash outflow or inflow from other investing activities. This element is used when there is not a more specific and appropriate element in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3095-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3098-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with maturities (principal being due), prepayments and calls (requests of early payments) on securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities which are classified as available-for-sale securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26853-111562 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the sale of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6871852&loc=d3e26853-111562 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow during the period from the repayment of aggregate short-term and long-term debt. Excludes payment of capital lease obligations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Reclassifications 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Reclassifications Reclassifications Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation in the consolidated financial statements. Costs of revenues in the amount of $33.9 million and $26.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to free-trial periods that were previously allocated to “Marketing” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations have been reallocated to “Cost of revenues”. There was no impact in any period presented to contribution profit or net income or to the Consolidated Balance Sheets or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. X - Definition The entire disclosure for reporting accounting changes and error corrections. It includes the conveyance of information necessary for a user of the Company's financial information to understand all aspects and required disclosure information concerning all changes and error corrections reported in the Company's financial statements for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22644-107794 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 23 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6368906&loc=d3e21914-107793 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22595-107794 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22499-107794 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 1.N.Q3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26874127&loc=d3e30840-122693 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 1 -Section N + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Roll Forward] Beginning balance $ 3,575 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax $ 2,919 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (7,431) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax 175 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (590) us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax 481 us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income (8,021) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax 656 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Ending balance (4,446) us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax 3,575 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Foreign currency [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Roll Forward] Beginning balance 3,153 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 1,381 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (7,768) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 1,772 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 0 us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 0 us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income (7,768) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 1,772 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember Ending balance (4,615) us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 3,153 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember Change in unrealized gains on available for sale securities [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Roll Forward] Beginning balance 422 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 1,538 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 337 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember (1,597) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (590) us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember 481 us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember Net increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income (253) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember (1,116) us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember Ending balance $ 169 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember $ 422 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember X - Definition Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=d3e681-108580 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=SL7669686-108580 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxRollForward Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36458714&loc=SL7669619-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount after tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetUnrealizedInvestmentGainLossMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type:
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Sep. 30, 2014 Jun. 30, 2014 Mar. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Sep. 30, 2013 Jun. 30, 2013 Mar. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract] Total revenues $ 1,484,728 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,409,432 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,340,407 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,270,089 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,175,230 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,105,999 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,069,372 us-gaap_Revenues $ 1,023,961 us-gaap_Revenues $ 5,504,656 us-gaap_Revenues $ 4,374,562 us-gaap_Revenues $ 3,609,282 us-gaap_Revenues Gross profit 470,396 us-gaap_GrossProfit 455,038 us-gaap_GrossProfit 425,559 us-gaap_GrossProfit 400,903 us-gaap_GrossProfit 354,553 us-gaap_GrossProfit 307,099 us-gaap_GrossProfit 308,698 us-gaap_GrossProfit 287,009 us-gaap_GrossProfit Net income (loss) $ 83,371 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 59,295 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 71,018 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 53,115 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 48,421 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 31,822 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 29,471 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 2,689 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 266,799 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 112,403 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 17,152 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Earnings (loss) per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ 1.38 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.99 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 1.18 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.89 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.81 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.54 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.51 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.05 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 4.44 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 1.93 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 0.31 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Diluted (in dollars per share) $ 1.35 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.96 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 1.15 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.86 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.79 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.52 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.49 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.05 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 4.32 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 1.85 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 0.29 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GrossProfit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Revenues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders' Equity (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholders' Equity and Stock-based Compensation Disclosure [Abstract] Summary Of Activity Related To Stock Option Plans A summary of the activities related to the Company’s stock option plans is as follows: Shares Available for Grant Options Outstanding Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in Thousands) Number of Shares Weighted- Average Exercise Price Balances as of December 31, 2011 7,013,508 2,957,754 $ 66.59 Granted (1,803,798 ) 1,803,798 73.94 Exercised — (188,552 ) 21.85 Canceled 48 (48 ) 35.95 Expired (1,160,721 ) — Balances as of December 31, 2012 4,049,037 4,572,952 $ 71.33 Granted (642,720 ) 642,720 208.94 Exercised — (1,688,774 ) 73.75 Balances as of December 31, 2013 3,406,317 3,526,898 $ 95.25 Granted (545,573 ) 545,573 402.85 Exercised — (808,840 ) 75.65 Balances as of December 31, 2014 2,860,744 3,263,631 $ 151.53 6.14 $ 654,673 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2014 3,263,631 $ 151.53 6.14 $ 654,673 Summary Of Assumptions Used To Value Stock Option Grants Using Lattice-Binomial Model The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using the lattice-binomial model and the valuation data: Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Dividend yield — % — % — % Expected volatility 41% - 48% 51% - 54% 55% - 65% Risk-free interest rate 2.39% - 2.83% 1.87% - 2.71% 1.61% - 2.01% Suboptimal exercise factor 2.66 - 5.44 2.33 - 3.92 2.26 - 3.65 Valuation data: Weighted-average fair value (per share) $ 211.22 $ 113.74 $ 41.00 Total stock-based compensation expense (in thousands) 115,239 73,100 73,948 Total income tax benefit related to stock options (in thousands) 43,999 28,096 28,537 X - Details Name: nflx_StockholdersEquityAndStockBasedCompensationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, vested and expected to vest, exercisable or convertible at the end of the year, and the number of share options or share units that were granted, exercised or converted, forfeited, and expired during the year. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
2.4.1.9 Html 182 319 1 true 62 0 false 11 false false R1.htm 0001000 - Document - Document And Entity Information Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation Document And Entity Information false false R2.htm 1001000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations Consolidated Statements of Operations false false R3.htm 1002000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income false false R4.htm 1002001 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementOfComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) false false R5.htm 1004000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows true false R6.htm 1005000 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets Consolidated Balance Sheets false false R7.htm 1005501 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) false false R8.htm 1006000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity false false R9.htm 2101100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies false false R10.htm 2102100 - Disclosure - Reclassifications Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/Reclassifications Reclassifications false false R11.htm 2103100 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ShortTermInvestments Short-Term Investments false false R12.htm 2104100 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/BalanceSheetComponents Balance Sheet Components false false R13.htm 2105100 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/LongTermDebt Long-Term Debt false false R14.htm 2106100 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies Commitments and Contingencies false false R15.htm 2107100 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Indemnification Obligations Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/GuaranteesIndemnificationObligations Guarantees-Indemnification Obligations false false R16.htm 2108100 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquity Stockholders' Equity false false R17.htm 2109100 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossIncome Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income false false R18.htm 2110100 - Disclosure - Income Taxes Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxes Income Taxes false false R19.htm 2111100 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlan Employee Benefit Plan false false R20.htm 2112100 - Disclosure - Segment Information Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SegmentInformation Segment Information false false R21.htm 2113100 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnaudited Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) false false R22.htm 2201201 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicy Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) false false R23.htm 2301302 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) false false R24.htm 2303301 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ShortTermInvestmentsTables Short-Term Investments (Tables) false false R25.htm 2304301 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/BalanceSheetComponentsTables Balance Sheet Components (Tables) false false R26.htm 2306301 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables Commitments and Contingencies (Tables) false false R27.htm 2308301 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityTables Stockholders' Equity (Tables) false false R28.htm 2309301 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossIncomeTables Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Tables) false false R29.htm 2310301 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables Income Taxes (Tables) false false R30.htm 2312301 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SegmentInformationTables Segment Information (Tables) false false R31.htm 2313301 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Tables) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataTables Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Tables) false false R32.htm 2401403 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) false false R33.htm 2401404 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Computation of Net Income Per Share) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputationOfNetIncomePerShareDetails Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Computation of Net Income Per Share) (Details) false false R34.htm 2401405 - Disclosure - Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Summary of Potential Common Shares Excluded From Diluted Calculation) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfPotentialCommonSharesExcludedFromDilutedCalculationDetails Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Summary of Potential Common Shares Excluded From Diluted Calculation) (Details) false false R35.htm 2402401 - Disclosure - Reclassifications (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ReclassificationsDetails Reclassifications (Details) false false R36.htm 2403402 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments (Available-For-Sale Securities Reported At Fair Value) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ShortTermInvestmentsAvailableForSaleSecuritiesReportedAtFairValueDetails Short-Term Investments (Available-For-Sale Securities Reported At Fair Value) (Details) false false R37.htm 2403403 - Disclosure - Short-Term Investments (Estimated Fair Value Of Short-Term Investments By Contractual Maturity) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/ShortTermInvestmentsEstimatedFairValueOfShortTermInvestmentsByContractualMaturityDetails Short-Term Investments (Estimated Fair Value Of Short-Term Investments By Contractual Maturity) (Details) false false R38.htm 2404402 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Components of Content Library) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/BalanceSheetComponentsComponentsOfContentLibraryDetails Balance Sheet Components (Components of Content Library) (Details) false false R39.htm 2404403 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Property and Equipment and Accumulated Depreciation) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/BalanceSheetComponentsPropertyAndEquipmentAndAccumulatedDepreciationDetails Balance Sheet Components (Property and Equipment and Accumulated Depreciation) (Details) false false R40.htm 2404404 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/BalanceSheetComponentsNarrativeDetails Balance Sheet Components (Narrative) (Details) false false R41.htm 2405401 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (Senior Convertible Notes) (Narrative) (Details) Notes http://www.netflix.com/role/LongTermDebtSeniorConvertibleNotesNarrativeDetails Long-Term Debt (Senior Convertible Notes) (Narrative) (Details) false false R42.htm 2405402 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (8.50% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) Notes http://www.netflix.com/role/LongTermDebt850SeniorNotesNarrativeDetails Long-Term Debt (8.50% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) false false R43.htm 2405403 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (5.375% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) Notes http://www.netflix.com/role/LongTermDebt5375SeniorNotesNarrativeDetails Long-Term Debt (5.375% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) false false R44.htm 2405404 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt (5.750% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) Notes http://www.netflix.com/role/LongTermDebt5750SeniorNotesNarrativeDetails Long-term Debt (5.750% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details) false false R45.htm 2406402 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Streaming Content) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesStreamingContentNarrativeDetails Commitments and Contingencies (Streaming Content) (Narrative) (Details) false false R46.htm 2406403 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Expected Timing of Payments for Commitments) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesExpectedTimingOfPaymentsForCommitmentsDetails Commitments and Contingencies (Expected Timing of Payments for Commitments) (Details) false false R47.htm 2406404 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Lease Obligations) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeaseObligationsNarrativeDetails Commitments and Contingencies (Lease Obligations) (Narrative) (Details) false false R48.htm 2406405 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Future Minimum Payments Under Lease Financing Obligations and Non-Cancelable Operating Leases) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsUnderLeaseFinancingObligationsAndNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails Commitments and Contingencies (Future Minimum Payments Under Lease Financing Obligations and Non-Cancelable Operating Leases) (Details) false false R49.htm 2406406 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Legal Proceedings) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLegalProceedingsDetails Commitments and Contingencies (Legal Proceedings) (Details) false false R50.htm 2408402 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) false false R51.htm 2408403 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Preferred Stock and Voting Rights) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityPreferredStockAndVotingRightsNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Preferred Stock and Voting Rights) (Narrative) (Details) false false R52.htm 2408404 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Stock Option Plans) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityStockOptionPlansNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Stock Option Plans) (Narrative) (Details) false false R53.htm 2408405 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Activity Related to Stock Option Plans) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquitySummaryOfActivityRelatedToStockOptionPlansDetails Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Activity Related to Stock Option Plans) (Details) false false R54.htm 2408406 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityEmployeeStockPurchasePlanNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) (Narrative) (Details) false false R55.htm 2408407 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Stock-Based Compensation) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityStockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Stock-Based Compensation) (Narrative) (Details) false false R56.htm 2408408 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Assumptions Used to Value Stock Option Grants) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquitySummaryOfAssumptionsUsedToValueStockOptionGrantsDetails Stockholders' Equity (Summary of Assumptions Used to Value Stock Option Grants) (Details) false false R57.htm 2408409 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Stock Repurchase Program) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/StockholdersEquityStockRepurchaseProgramNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Stock Repurchase Program) (Narrative) (Details) false false R58.htm 2409402 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossIncomeDetails Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Details) false false R59.htm 2410402 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Schedule of Income before Income Taxes) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails Income Taxes (Schedule of Income before Income Taxes) (Details) false false R60.htm 2410403 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails Income Taxes (Components of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) false false R61.htm 2410404 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) false false R62.htm 2410405 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Reconciliation of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails Income Taxes (Reconciliation of Provision for Income Taxes) (Details) false false R63.htm 2410406 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities) (Details) false false R64.htm 2410407 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Summary of Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/IncomeTaxesSummaryOfChangesInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails Income Taxes (Summary of Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) false false R65.htm 2411401 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlanDetails Employee Benefit Plan (Details) false false R66.htm 2412402 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails Segment Information (Narrative) (Details) false false R67.htm 2412403 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SegmentInformationLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails Segment Information (Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas) (Details) false false R68.htm 2412404 - Disclosure - Segment Information (Information on Reportable Segments and Reconciliation to Consolidated Net Income) (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SegmentInformationInformationOnReportableSegmentsAndReconciliationToConsolidatedNetIncomeDetails Segment Information (Information on Reportable Segments and Reconciliation to Consolidated Net Income) (Details) false false R69.htm 2413402 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Details) Sheet http://www.netflix.com/role/SelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Details) false false All Reports Book All Reports Element us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 0. Element us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_InterestPaid had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 0. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '1/1/2013 - 3/31/2013' is shorter (89 days) and has only 2 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '4/1/2013 - 6/30/2013' is shorter (90 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '7/1/2013 - 9/30/2013' is shorter (91 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '10/1/2013 - 12/31/2013' is shorter (91 days) and has only 2 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '1/1/2014 - 3/31/2014' is shorter (89 days) and has only 2 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '4/1/2014 - 6/30/2014' is shorter (90 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '7/1/2014 - 9/30/2014' is shorter (91 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 365 days and at least 38 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (9) as many values. Column '10/1/2014 - 12/31/2014' is shorter (91 days) and has only 2 values, so it is being removed. 'Monetary' elements on report '2405401 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (Senior Convertible Notes) (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '2405402 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (8.50% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '2405403 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (5.375% Senior Notes) (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '2406402 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Streaming Content) (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '2410404 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. Process Flow-Through: 1001000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2013' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2013' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2013' Process Flow-Through: 1002000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2013' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2013' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2013' Process Flow-Through: 1002001 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 1004000 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Process Flow-Through: 1005000 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Dec. 31, 2012' Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Dec. 31, 2011' Process Flow-Through: 1005501 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Nov. 02, 2012' nflx-20141231.xml nflx-20141231.xsd nflx-20141231_cal.xml nflx-20141231_def.xml nflx-20141231_lab.xml nflx-20141231_pre.xml true true
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet Components (Components of Content Library) (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Balance Sheet Related Disclosures [Abstract] Total content library, gross $ 8,497,403 nflx_ContentLibraryGross $ 6,474,688 nflx_ContentLibraryGross Accumulated amortization (3,598,375) nflx_ContentLibraryAccumulatedAmortization (2,677,196) nflx_ContentLibraryAccumulatedAmortization Total content library, net 4,899,028 nflx_ContentLibraryNet 3,797,492 nflx_ContentLibraryNet 2,874,170 nflx_ContentLibraryNet Current content library, net 2,125,702 nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent 1,706,421 nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent Non-current content library, net $ 2,773,326 nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent $ 2,091,071 nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent X - Definition Content Library Accumulated Amortization + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryAccumulatedAmortization Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Content Library Gross + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryGross Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Content Library Net + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryNet Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: nflx_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_BalanceSheetRelatedDisclosuresAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Segment Information 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Segment Reporting [Abstract] Segment Information Segment Information Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011, the Company has three reportable segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. Segment information is presented along the same lines that the Company’s chief operating decision maker reviews the operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. The Company’s chief operating decision maker reviews revenue and contribution profit for each of the reportable segments. Contribution profit (loss) is defined as revenues less cost of revenues and marketing expenses directly incurred by the segment. The Company has aggregated the results of the International operating segments into one reportable segment because these operating segments share similar long term economic and other qualitative characteristics. The Domestic and International streaming segments derive revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of streaming content. The Domestic DVD segment derives revenues from monthly membership fees for services consisting solely of DVD-by-mail. Revenues and the related payment card fees are attributed to the operating segment based on the nature of the underlying membership (streaming or DVD) and the geographic region from which the membership originates. There are no internal revenue transactions between the Company’s segments. Cost of revenues are primarily attributed to the operating segment based on the amounts directly incurred by the segment to obtain content and deliver it to the specific region. Marketing expenses are primarily comprised of advertising expenses which are generally included in the segment in which the expenditures are directly incurred. The Company's long-lived tangible assets were located as follows: As of December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) United States $ 138,704 $ 126,455 International 11,171 7,150 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2014: As of/Year ended December 31, 2014 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 39,114 18,277 5,767 — Revenues $ 3,431,434 $ 1,308,061 $ 765,161 $ 5,504,656 Cost of revenues 2,201,761 1,154,117 396,882 3,752,760 Marketing 293,453 313,733 — 607,186 Contribution profit (loss) $ 936,220 $ (159,789 ) $ 368,279 $ 1,144,710 Other operating expenses 742,062 Operating income 402,648 Other income (expense) (53,279 ) Provision for income taxes 82,570 Net income $ 266,799 As of/Year ended December 31, 2014 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 3,476,226 $ 1,392,701 $ 30,101 $ 4,899,028 Amortization of content library 1,657,673 998,606 71,491 2,727,770 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2013: As of/Year ended December 31, 2013 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 33,420 10,930 6,930 — Revenues $ 2,751,375 $ 712,390 $ 910,797 $ 4,374,562 Cost of revenues 1,863,376 782,304 471,523 3,117,203 Marketing 265,232 204,418 292 469,942 Contribution profit (loss) $ 622,767 $ (274,332 ) $ 438,982 $ 787,417 Other operating expenses 559,070 Operating income 228,347 Other income (expense) (57,273 ) Provision for income taxes 58,671 Net income $ 112,403 As of/Year ended December 31, 2013 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 2,973,023 $ 804,690 $ 19,779 $ 3,797,492 Amortization of content library 1,420,076 701,905 71,325 2,193,306 The following tables represent segment information for the year ended December 31, 2012: As of/Year ended December 31, 2012 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total members at end of period (1) 27,146 6,121 8,224 — Revenues $ 2,184,868 $ 287,542 $ 1,136,872 $ 3,609,282 Cost of revenues 1,570,600 483,295 598,163 2,652,058 Marketing 245,259 193,390 559 439,208 Contribution profit (loss) $ 369,009 $ (389,143 ) $ 538,150 $ 518,016 Other operating expenses 468,024 Operating income 49,992 Other income (expense) (19,512 ) Provision for income taxes 13,328 Net income $ 17,152 As of/Year ended December 31, 2012 Domestic Streaming International Streaming Domestic DVD Consolidated (in thousands) Total content library, net $ 2,317,070 $ 527,235 $ 29,865 $ 2,874,170 Amortization of content library 1,152,446 438,772 65,396 1,656,614 (1) A membership (also referred to as a subscription) is defined as the right to receive either the Netflix streaming service or Netflix DVD service. Memberships are assigned to territories based on the geographic location used at time of sign up as determined by the Company's internal systems, which utilize industry standard geo-location technology. The Company offers free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. For inclusion in the definition of a member in the above metrics, a method of payment is required to be provided even during the free-trial period. Total members therefore include those who are on a free-trial and have provided a method of payment. A membership is canceled and ceases to be reflected in the above metrics as of the effective cancellation date. Voluntary cancellations become effective at the end of the prepaid membership period, while involuntary cancellation of the service, as a result of a failed method of payment, becomes effective immediately. X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 29 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8864-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 32 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8933-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8844-108599 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8538-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8380-108599 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 34 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8981-108599 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 35 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8984-108599 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 42 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9054-108599 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 31 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8924-108599 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9031-108599 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 33 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8971-108599 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8595-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration