Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 March 30, 2014 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-07882 94-1692300 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) One AMD Place P.O. Box 3453 Sunnyvale, California 94088-3453 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (408) 749-4000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On March 30, 2014, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (“AMD”) entered into a fourth amendment (the “Fourth Amendment”) to the Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (“GF”). The primary effect of the Fourth Amendment was to establish volume purchase commitments and fixed pricing for the 2014 calendar year as well as to modify certain other terms of the Wafer Supply Agreement applicable to wafers for some of AMD’s microprocessor unit, graphics processor unit and semi-custom game console products to be delivered by GF to AMD during the 2014 calendar year. AMD currently estimates that it will purchase wafers from GF for approximately $1.2 billion in the 2014 calendar year. AMD expects that its future purchases from GF will continue to be material under the Wafer Supply Agreement. The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Fourth Amendment, a copy of which will be filed with a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect current expectations and projections about future events, including AMD’s estimates of its future wafer purchase from GF, and thus involve uncertainty and risk. It is possible that future events may differ from expectations due to a variety of risks and other factors such as those described in AMD’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2013, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. It is not possible to foresee or identify all such factors. Any forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K are based on certain assumptions and analyses made in light of AMD’s experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from expectations. AMD does not intend to update any particular forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated April 1, 2014. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: April 1, 2014 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. By: /s/ Harry A. Wolin Name: Harry A. Wolin Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release dated April 1, 2014.
EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 NEWS RELEASE Media Contact Drew Prairie 512-602-4425 drew.prairie@amd.com Investor Contact Ruth Cotter 408-749-3887 ruth.cotter@amd.com AMD Amends Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES SUNNYVALE, Calif. — April 1, 2014 — AMD (NYSE: AMD) today announced that it amended its Wafer Supply Agreement (WSA) with GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. for 2014. Under the terms of the amendment, AMD and GLOBALFOUNDRIES agreed on purchase commitments for 2014 and established fixed pricing and other terms of the WSA which apply to products AMD will purchase from GLOBALFOUNDRIES. Under this amendment AMD expects to pay GLOBALFOUNDRIES approximately $1.2 billion in 2014. These purchases contemplate AMD’s current PC market expectations and the manufacturing of certain Graphics Processor Units (GPUs) and semi-custom game console products at GLOBALFOUNDRIES in 2014. The 2014 amendment does not impact AMD’s 2014 financial goals including gross margin. “The successful close of our amended wafer supply agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES demonstrates the continued commitment from our two companies to strengthen our business relationship as long-term strategic partners, and GLOBALFOUNDRIES’ ability to execute in alignment with our product roadmap,” said Rory Read, president and chief executive officer, AMD. “This latest step in AMD’s continued transformation plays a critical role in our goals for 2014.” About AMD AMD (NYSE: AMD) designs and integrates technology that powers millions of intelligent devices, including personal computers, tablets, game consoles and cloud servers that define the new era of surround computing. AMD solutions enable people everywhere to realize the full potential of their favorite devices and applications to push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information, visit www.amd.com . Cautionary Statement This release contains forward-looking statements concerning AMD, its operating model, estimated payments to GLOBALFOUNDRIES for wafer purchases under the Wafer Supply Agreement in 2014, its market expectations for its products and manufacturing plans and the impact of the Wafer Supply Agreement amendment on its 2014 financial goals including gross margin, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are commonly identified by words such as “would,” “may,” “expects,” “believes,” “plans,” “intends,” “projects” and other terms with similar meaning. Investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements in this release are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the date of this release and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Material factors and assumptions that were applied in making these forward looking statements include, without limitation, AMD’s current expectations regarding GLOBALFOUNDRIES manufacturing yields and wafer volumes and demand for its products. Risks include the possibility that Intel Corporation’s pricing, marketing and rebating programs, product bundling, standard setting, new product introductions or other activities may negatively impact AMD’s plans; AMD may be unable to develop, launch and ramp new products and technologies in the volumes that are required by the market at mature yields on a timely basis; that AMD’s third party foundry suppliers will be unable to transition its products to advanced manufacturing process technologies in a timely and effective way or to manufacture AMD’s products on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies; AMD will be unable to obtain sufficient manufacturing capacity or components to meet demand for its products or will not fully utilize its commitment with respect to GLOBALFOUNDRIES microprocessor manufacturing facilities that customers stop buying AMD’s products or materially reduce their operations or demand for AMD’s products; that AMD may be unable to maintain the level of investment in research and development that is required to remain competitive; that there may be unexpected variations in the market growth and demand for its products and technologies in light of the product mix that AMD may have available at any particular time or a decline in demand; that AMD will require additional funding and may be unable to raise sufficient capital on favorable terms, or at all; that global business and economic conditions will not improve or will worsen; that demand for computers will be lower than currently expected; and the effect of political or economic instability, domestically or internationally, on AMD’s sales or supply chain. Investors are urged to review in detail the risks and uncertainties in AMD’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including but not limited to the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 28, 2013. AMD, the AMD Arrow logo and Radeon are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.