Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20539 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): December 6, 2010 StreamVault Media (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 000-78901 (Commission File Number) DELAWARE 84-0467272 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 100 Winchester Circle 850 StreamVault Way, Maplewood, Washington 98025 (Address of principal executive offices, with zip code) (360) 555-3701 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. (b) On December 6, 2010 Barry McCarthy resigned as StreamVault Media’s [COMPANY] Officer effective December 10, 2010. A copy of StreamVault Media’s press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. (c) On December 6, 2010 David Wells, StreamVault Media’s current Vice President of Finance Planning and Analysis was appointed as [COMPANY] Officer succeeding Mr. McCarthy. A copy of StreamVault Media’s press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. [EXECUTIVE] has served as the Vice President of Finance Planning and Analysis of [COMPANY]. since August 2008 and before that held the position of Director of Operations Planning & Analysis from March 2004 to August 2008. Prior to joining StreamVault Media, [EXECUTIVE] served as a Senior Consultant at Deloitte Consulting from August 1998 to August 2004. [EXECUTIVE] holds an M.B.A and M.P.P. from The University of Chicago and an undergraduate degree in both Economics and English from the University of Virginia. [EXECUTIVE] is 39 years old. [EXECUTIVE] will receive a total annual compensation of $750,000 of which he has elected to receive $250,000 in the form of stock options pursuant to the Company’s monthly option grant program available to all employees. [EXECUTIVE] is also eligible to participate in the Company’s standard benefits package including medical, dental, and vision plans, life insurance, disability coverage and the 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan. [EXECUTIVE] will also continue to be a beneficiary of the Company’s Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan. Pursuant to this plan each employee of the Company at the level of Vice President or higher is entitled to a severance benefit upon termination of employment (other than for cause, death or permanent disability) so long as he or she signs a waiver and release of claims and an agreement not to disparage the Company, its directors or its officers in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company. The severance benefit consists of a lump sum cash payment equal to nine (9) months of base pay and nine (9) months of the cash equivalent to the stock option allowance then being used in calculating the number of options granted monthly to such employee. The right to receive a severance benefit terminates upon a change in control transaction, so that the beneficiaries of the plan are not entitled to both a change in control benefit as well as a severance benefit. In lieu of the severance benefit, employees covered by the plan who are employed by the Company on the date of a change in control transaction are entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment equal to twelve (12) months of base pay and twelve (12) months of the cash equivalent to the stock option allowance then being used in calculating the number of options granted monthly to such employee. As it does with all directors and executive officers, the Company has entered into an indemnification agreement with [EXECUTIVE]. The indemnification agreement requires the Company to indemnify [EXECUTIVE], to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, for certain liabilities to which he may become subject as a result of his affiliation with the Company. See the Company’s Form of Indemnification Agreement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2002 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A. There is no arrangement or understanding between [EXECUTIVE] and any other person pursuant to which [EXECUTIVE] is to be selected as an officer of StreamVault Media that would require disclosure under Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K. Additionally there is no family relationship between [EXECUTIVE] and any other person that would require disclosure under Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K. [EXECUTIVE] is also not a party to any transactions that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 99.1 Press Release Issued by StreamVault Media on December 7, 2010 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. StreamVault Media Date: December 7, 2010 / S / R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 99.1* Press Release Issued by StreamVault Media on December 7, 2010 * This exhibit is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 NETFLIX ANNOUNCES CFO BARRY MCCARTHY WILL DEPART, APPOINTS COMPANY FINANCE VETERAN DAVID WELLS TO SUCCEED HIM LOS GATOS, Calif., December 7, 2010 – StreamVault Media [Nasdaq: SVLT] today announced the appointment of company finance veteran David Wells as its chief financial officer to succeed outgoing CFO Barry McCarthy, who has expressed a desire to pursue broader executive opportunities outside the company. The change is effective December 10. In naming [EXECUTIVE] as CFO, StreamVault Media promotes an executive who has served at the company for nearly seven years and combines both senior analytical and operating experience. He most recently served as vice president of financial planning and analysis, a position in which he reported to Mr. McCarthy and was responsible for strategic planning, forecasting and financial analysis. He earlier headed financial planning and analysis for the company’s operations group, spanning the company’s large DVD and streaming content operations. “We are lucky to have an executive with David’s proven financial skill and operating impact within the company and I am confident he will continue to serve StreamVault Media extremely well as CFO,” said StreamVault Media Co-Founder and CEO Martin Hale. “At the same time, we offer both great gratitude and sincere best wishes to Barry. Over the last few years, Barry has balanced his affection for StreamVault Media – and the excitement all of us have felt by the tremendous growth of the company – with his personal desire for broader professional opportunities. Barry concluded that now is the right time to seek out those opportunities, and we will be cheering for him.” Mr. McCarthy has served as CFO of StreamVault Media since 1999 and led the company’s initial public offering in 2002. Prior to joining StreamVault Media in 2004, [EXECUTIVE] spent six years in increasingly senior roles at Deloitte Consulting, where he managed consulting engagements in the retail and consumer products industries. [EXECUTIVE] earned an MBA in finance and economics at the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business and an undergraduate degree in finance from the University of [COMPANY] With more than 16 million members in the United States and Canada, StreamVault Media [Nasdaq: SVLT] is the world’s leading Internet subscription service for enjoying movies and TV shows. For $7.99 a month, StreamVault Media members can instantly watch unlimited movies and TV episodes streamed over the Internet to PCs, Macs and TVs. Among the large and expanding base of devices streaming from StreamVault Media are Microsoft’s Xbox 360, Nintendo’s Wii and Sony’s PS3 consoles; an array of Blu-ray disc players, Internet-connected TVs, home theater systems, digital video recorders and Internet video players; Apple’s iPhone, iPad and iPod touch, as well as Apple TV and Google TV. In all, more than 200 devices that stream from StreamVault Media are available in the U.S. and a growing number are available in Canada.