Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 16, 2018 McKesson Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-13252 94-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) One Post Street, San Francisco, California 91404 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (415) 983-8300 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 8.01 regarding the Notes (as defined below) is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. As previously announced, on February 7, 2018, McKesson Corporation (the “Company”) entered into an Underwriting Agreement with the several underwriters named therein (the “Underwriters”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Underwriters $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 3.950% Notes due 2028 (the “Notes”). On February 16, 2018, the Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”) between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by an Officer’s Certificate, dated as of February 16, 2018, setting forth certain terms of the Notes (the “Officer’s Certificate”). The Notes will bear interest at the rate of 3.950% per year. Interest on the Notes is payable on February 16 and August 16 of each year, beginning on August 16, 2018. Upon at least 15 days’ and not more than 45 days’ notice to holders of the Notes, the Company may redeem the Notes for cash in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, prior to maturity, at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium, as specified in the Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate. The Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate include certain covenants, including limitations on the Company’s ability to create certain liens on its assets or enter into sale and leaseback transactions with respect to its properties, or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets, subject to a number of important exceptions as specified in the Indenture. The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank equally with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The Indenture contains customary event of default provisions. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of the Notes below an investment grade rating by each of the Ratings Agencies (as defined in the Officer’s Certificate) within a specified period, unless the Company has previously exercised its optional redemption right with respect to the Notes in whole, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes from the holders at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The public offering price of the Notes was 99.975% of the principal amount. The Company expects to receive approximately $595 million in aggregate net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, after estimated expenses. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from this offering and the net proceeds from its recently completed issuance and sale of €250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Floating Rate Notes due 2020 and €500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.625% Notes due 2026 to finance the purchase of up to $1.1 billion of certain of the Company’s outstanding notes pursuant to and upon the terms set forth in an offer to purchase and related letter of transmittal. The Company intends to use the remaining net proceeds, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, the repayment of debt. The Notes were offered and sold pursuant to the Company’s automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-215763) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a prospectus supplement, dated February 7, 2018, together with the accompanying prospectus, dated January 27, 2017. For a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Officer’s Certificate and the Notes, please refer to the Officer’s Certificate and the form of Note, which are incorporated herein by reference and attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively. In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K, note that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. Those representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures would not necessarily be reflected in the agreement; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, those representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found in our other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. From time to time in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, certain of the Underwriters, the Trustee and their respective affiliates have engaged in and may in the future engage in commercial banking, derivatives and/or financial advisory, investment banking and other commercial transactions and services with the Company and its affiliates for which they have received or will receive customary fees and commissions. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits 4.1 Officer’s Certificate, dated as of February 16, 2018, with respect to the Notes. 4.2 Form of Note (included in Exhibit 4.1 above). 5.1 Opinion of Morrison & Foerster LLP regarding the validity of the Notes. 23.1 Consent of Morrison & Foerster LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 above). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: February 21, 2018 McKesson Corporation By: /s/ Britt Vitalone Britt Vitalone Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
EX-4.1 Exhibit 4.1 OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE The undersigned, McKesson Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies through Brian P. Moore, its Senior Vice President and Treasurer, pursuant to Sections 2.1, 2.3 and 11.5 of the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), by and between the Company, as Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, as follows: 1. The form and terms of the 3.950% Notes due 2028 (the “Notes”), as set forth on Annex A attached hereto have been established pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.3 of the Indenture and comply with the Indenture. 2. The undersigned has read the Indenture. 3. The statements made in this certificate are based upon an examination of the Notes under the Indenture, upon an examination of and familiarity with the Indenture, upon the general knowledge of and familiarity with the operations of the Company of the undersigned and upon the performance of his duties as an officer of the Company. 4. In the opinion of the undersigned, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. 5. In the opinion of the undersigned, with respect to the foregoing, the covenants and conditions provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of this 16 th day of February, 2018. McKESSON CORPORATION By: /s/ Brian P. Moore Name: Brian P. Moore Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer [ Signature Page to Officer’s Certificate under the Indenture ] ANNEX A Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), between McKesson Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer”), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), the terms of a series of securities to be issued pursuant to the Indenture are as follows: A. Designation . The designation of the securities is “3.950% Notes due 2028” (the “Notes”). B. Initial Aggregate Principal Amount . The Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate principal amount to $600,000,000 (except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Section 2.8, 2.9, 2.11, 8.5 or 12.3 of the Indenture). C. Currency Denomination . The Notes shall be denominated in Dollars. D. Maturity . The date on which the principal of the Notes is payable is February 16, 2028. E. Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date; Regular Record Dates . The Notes shall bear interest from February 16, 2018 at 3.950% per annum until the principal thereof is paid. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on February 16 and August 16 of each year, commencing on August 16, 2018, to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at the close of business on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1, respectively, whether or not a Business Day. Interest on the Notes shall accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid for, or if no interest has been paid, from February 16, 2018. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. If any interest payment date would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, such interest payment date will be postponed to the next date that is a Business Day and no additional interest shall accrue. If the maturity date of the Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest will be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next Business Day. For the purposes of the Notes, “Business Day” is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York City or the place of payment on the Notes are authorized or required by law to close. F. Place of Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be payable, and the transfer of the Notes shall be registrable, at the A-1 office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in Minneapolis, Minnesota, except that, at the option of the Issuer, interest may be paid by mailing a check to the address of the person entitled thereto as it appears on the Notes register; provided, however, that while any Notes are represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. G. Optional Redemption . The Notes may be redeemed (a) prior to November 16, 2027 (the “Par Call Date”), in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes; or (ii) an amount, as determined by the Quotation Agent equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) to the Par Call Date, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis, assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, at the Treasury Rate, plus 20 basis points; plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including the date of redemption or (b) on or after the Par Call Date, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. The principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in part shall be $2,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. “ Comparable Treasury Issue ” means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of Notes. “ Comparable Treasury Price ” means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest of such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Issuer is provided fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations. “ Quotation Agent ” means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer. A-2 “ Reference Treasury Dealer ” means (1) Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and their respective successors; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a “Primary Treasury Dealer”), we will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (2) any other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by us. “ Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations ” means with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Trustee by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date. “ Treasury Rate ” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price on such redemption date. Holders of the Notes to be redeemed will receive notice thereof mailed (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmitted electronically) at least 15 days and not more than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by lot or another method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in each case in accordance with the procedures of Depository Trust Company to the extent applicable. H. Change of Control . If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of $1,000 original principal amount) of their Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be $2,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders A-3 of the Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided , that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. “ Below Investment Grade Rating Event ” means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined A-4 below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “ Change of Control Triggering Event ” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “ Continuing Directors ” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of the Notes; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Inc., a subsidiary of Hearst Corporation and Fimalac, S.A. “ Investment Grade Rating ” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. A-5 “ Rating Agencies ” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “ S&P ” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. I. Mandatory Redemption . The Notes are not mandatorily redeemable and are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. J. Denominations . The Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of $2,000 and shall be issued in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. K. Amount Payable Upon Acceleration . The principal of the Notes shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. L. Payment Currency . Principal and interest on the Notes shall be payable in Dollars. M. Payment Currency – Election . The principal of and interest on the Notes shall not be payable in a currency other than Dollars. N. Payment Currency – Index. The principal of and interest on the Notes shall not be determined with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. O. Registered Securities . The Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The Notes shall be issuable as Registered Global Securities. P. Additional Amounts . The Issuer shall not pay additional amounts on the Notes held by a Person that is not a U.S. Person in respect of taxes or similar charges withheld or deducted. Q. Registrar; Paying Agent; Depositary. The Trustee shall initially serve as the registrar and paying agent. The Depository Trust Company shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the Notes. A-6 R. Events of Default; Covenants . There shall be no deletions from or modifications or additions to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture with respect to the Notes. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article III of the Indenture with respect to the Notes: Limitation on Liens . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, create or assume any Indebtedness for money borrowed which is secured by a mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien (“liens”) of or upon any assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of the Issuer or any such Consolidated Subsidiary without equally and ratably securing the Notes by a lien ranking equally to and ratably with (or at the option of the Issuer, senior to) such secured Indebtedness, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) liens on any assets of any corporation existing at the time such corporation becomes a Consolidated Subsidiary; (b) liens on any assets existing at the time of acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary, or liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such assets upon the acquisition of such assets by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or within 360 days after such acquisition (or in the case of real property, the completion of construction (including any improvements on an existing asset) or commencement of full operation of such asset, whichever is later), which indebtedness is incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or, in the case of real property, construction or improvements thereon; (c) liens on any assets securing indebtedness owed by any Consolidated Subsidiary to the Issuer or another wholly owned Subsidiary; (d) liens on any assets of a corporation existing at the time such corporation is merged into or consolidated with the Issuer or a Subsidiary or at the time of a purchase, lease or other acquisition of the assets of a corporation or firm as an entirety or substantially as an entirety by the Issuer or a Subsidiary; (e) liens on any assets of the Issuer or a Consolidated Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, or in favor of any other country, or any political subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price (or, in the case of real property, the cost of construction) of the assets subject to such liens (including, but not limited to, liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing); (f) any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any lien referred to in A-7 the foregoing clauses (a) to (e), inclusive; (g) liens imposed by law, such as mechanics’, workmen’s, repairmen’s, materialmen’s, carriers’, warehousemen’s, vendors’ or other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business, or governmental (federal, state or municipal) liens arising out of contracts for the sale of products or services by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or deposits or pledges to obtain the release of any of the foregoing liens; (h) pledges, liens or deposits under worker’s compensation laws or similar legislation and liens or judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable, or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of money) or leases to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or to secure public or statutory obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary, or in connection with obtaining or maintaining self-insurance or to obtain the benefits of any law, regulation or arrangement pertaining to unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security or similar matters, or to secure surety, appeal or customs bonds to which the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary is a party, or in litigation or other proceedings such as, but not limited to, interpleader proceedings, and other similar pledges, liens or deposits made or incurred in the ordinary course of business; (i) liens created by or resulting from any litigation or other proceeding which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, including liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary with respect to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is in good faith prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review or for which the time to make an appeal has not yet expired; or final unappealable judgment liens which are satisfied within 15 days of the date of judgment; or liens incurred by the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for the purpose of obtaining a stay or discharge in the course of any litigation or other proceeding to which the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary is a party; (j) liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; landlord’s liens on property held under lease; and any other liens or charges incidental to the conduct of the business of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary or the ownership of the assets of any of them which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit and which do not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially impair the use of such assets in the operation of the business of the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary or the value of such assets for the purposes thereof; (k) liens relating to accounts receivable of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which have been sold, assigned or otherwise transferred to another Person in a transaction classified as a sale of accounts receivable in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (to the extent the sale by the Issuer or the applicable Subsidiary is deemed to give rise to a lien in favor of the purchaser thereof in such accounts A-8 receivable or the proceeds thereof); or (l) liens on any assets of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (including Receivables Subsidiaries) incurred in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction. Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary may, without securing the Notes, create or assume any Indebtedness which is secured by a lien which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, provided that at the time of such creation or assumption, after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions . The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, nor shall the Issuer permit any Consolidated Subsidiary to, enter into any sale and lease-back transaction with respect to any assets, other than any sale and lease-back transaction involving a lease for a term of not more than three years, unless either (a) the Issuer or such Consolidated Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a lien on the assets to be leased in an amount at least equal to the Attributable Debt in respect of such transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to clauses (a) through (k) inclusive of the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, or (b) the proceeds of the sale of the assets to be leased are at least equal to their fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) and the proceeds are applied to the purchase or acquisition (or, in the case of real property, the construction) of assets or to the retirement (other than at maturity or pursuant to a mandatory sinking fund or mandatory redemption provision) of indebtedness. The foregoing limitation shall not apply, if at the time the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary enters into such sale and lease-back transaction, and after giving effect thereto, Exempted Debt does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Attributable Debt” in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction shall mean, as of the date of determination, the lesser of (a) the fair value of the assets subject to such transaction, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, or (b) the present value (discounted at the rate of interest set forth in or implicit in the terms of such lease or, if it is not practicable to determine such rate, the weighted average interest rate per annum borne by all series of Securities then Outstanding and subject to the “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” covenant above compounded semi-annually, in either case as determined by the principal accounting or financial officer of the Issuer) of the remaining obligations of the Issuer or any Consolidated Subsidiary for net rental payments A-9 during the remaining term of all leases (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term “Consolidated Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, and substantially all the operations of which are conducted, in the United States of America whose financial statements are consolidated with those of the Issuer in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “Exempted Debt” shall mean the sum of the following as of the date of determination: (i) Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries incurred after the date of issuance of the Notes and secured by liens not permitted to be created or assumed pursuant to the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Liens” above, and (ii) Attributable Debt of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of every sale and lease-back transaction entered into after the date of issuance of the Notes, other than leases expressly permitted by the covenant with respect to “Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions” above. The term “Indebtedness” shall mean all items classified as indebtedness on the most recently available consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The term “net rental payments” under any lease of any period shall mean the sum of the rental and other payments required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rental) on account of maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, reconstruction, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges. The term “Qualified Receivables Transaction” shall mean any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (i) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) or inventory of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other A-10 obligations in respect of such accounts receivable or inventory, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable or inventory. The term “Receivables Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable or inventory (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction), (ii) is recourse or obligates the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer in any way other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than accounts receivable or inventory and related assets as provided in the definition of “Qualified Receivables Transaction”), directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of Issuer has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms customary for securitization of receivables or inventory and (c) with which neither the Issuer nor any Subsidiary of the Issuer has any obligations to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary’s financial condition or cause such Subsidiary to achieve certain levels of operating results. S. Conversion and Exchange . The Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other security. T. Additional Issues . The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Notes, create and issue additional notes with the same terms as the Notes in all respects, except for the issue date, the public offering price and, under certain circumstances, the first interest payment date. Such additional notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes. U. Other Terms . The Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form set forth in the form of the Notes attached hereto as Annex A-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex A and the Notes, the form of the Notes shall control. A-11 V. Access to Information . The Issuer and the Holders shall cooperate with the Trustee and shall provide the Trustee with reasonable access to, and copies of, documents or information necessary for the Trustee to comply with any cost basis reporting obligations imposed on it by a governmental authority in connection with certain transfers or exchanges of Notes. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex A shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. A-12 ANNEX A-1 [FORM OF NOTE] REGISTERED REGISTERED THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY A PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. TRANSFERS OF THIS REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE. No. R –[ ] ISIN NO. US581557BJ38 CUSIP NO. 581557 BJ3 McKESSON CORPORATION 3.950% NOTES DUE FEBRUARY 16, 2028 McKesson Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer,” which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] Dollars ($[ ]) and to pay interest on said principal sum from [ ], or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on February 16 and August 16 (the “Interest Payment Dates”) of each year commencing on [ ], at the rate of 3.950% per annum until the principal hereof shall have become due and payable. In the event that any Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next date that is a Business Day and no additional interest shall accrue. If the Maturity Date of the Notes falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the related payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest will be made on the next Business Day as if it were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the next Business Day. The amount of interest payable shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest installment, which shall be the close of business on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1 prior to such Interest Payment Date, as applicable. Any such interest installment not punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be given by mail by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in any coin or currency of the United States of America that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of interest may be made at the option of the Issuer by check mailed to the person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books of the Issuer; provided, further, that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as defined below), by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or in facsimile. McKESSON CORPORATION By: Name: Brian P. Moore Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION This is one of the Securities referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Trustee By: Authorized Signatory Dated: [FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] This Note is one of a duly authorized series of securities (the “Securities”) of the Issuer designated as its 3.950% Notes due February 16, 2028 (the “Notes”). The Securities are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “Indenture”), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee with respect to the Notes (the “Trustee”), to which the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The terms of individual series of Securities may vary with respect to interest rate or interest rate formulas, issue dates, maturity, redemption, repayment, currency of payment and otherwise. The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. Except as set forth below, this Note is not redeemable and is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision. The Notes may be redeemed (a) prior to November 16, 2027 (the “Par Call Date”) in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) 100% of their principal amount; or (b) an amount, as determined by the Quotation Agent equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption), to the Par Call Date, discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis, assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, at the Treasury Rate, plus 20 basis points, plus in each case accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including the date of redemption, (b) on or after the Par Call Date, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. “ Comparable Treasury Issue ” means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. “ Comparable Treasury Price ” means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest of such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Issuer is provided fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations. “ Quotation Agent ” means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer. “ Reference Treasury Dealer ” means (1) Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and their respective successors; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a “Primary Treasury Dealer”), we will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (2) any other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by us. “ Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations ” means with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Trustee by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date. “ Treasury Rate ” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price on such redemption date. Holders of the Notes to be redeemed will receive notice thereof mailed (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmitted electronically) at least 15 days and not more than 45 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by lot or another method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in each case in accordance with the procedures of Depository Trust Company to the extent applicable. If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described above, Holders of the Notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase all or any part (in integral multiples of $1,000 original principal amount) of their Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”); provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a repurchase in part shall be $2,000 or a higher integral multiple of $1,000. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased, to, but not including, the date of repurchase (the “Change of Control Payment”). Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuer will be required to mail a notice to Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and the paying agent (if other than the Trustee)) of the Notes describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), pursuant to the procedures described herein and in such notice. The Issuer must comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control provisions herein, the Issuer will be required to comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control provisions herein by virtue of such conflicts. The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of the Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an event of default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the Change of Control Payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to (i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (ii) deposit with the paying agent, no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and (iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased. “ Below Investment Grade Rating Event ” means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies (as defined below) on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any Person other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of the Issuer’s voting stock; or (3) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (i) the Issuer becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (ii) the holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer’s voting stock immediately prior to that transaction. “ Change of Control Triggering Event ” means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. “ Continuing Directors ” means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of original issue of this Security; or (2) was nominated for election or elected to such Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination or election (either by a specific vote or by approval of the Issuer’s proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director, without objection to such nomination). “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Inc., a subsidiary of Hearst Corporation and Fimalac, S.A. “ Investment Grade Rating ” means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. “ Person ” has the meaning set forth in the Indenture and includes a “person” as used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. “ Rating Agencies ” means (1) each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; and (2) if any one or more of Fitch, Moody’s or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer’s reasonable control, then, at the Issuer’s election, either (x) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be or (y) each of the remaining agencies, as the case may be, and any “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, or all of them, as the case may be. “ S&P ” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Issuer and the Trustee, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Securities or Subordinated Securities, as the case may be, of all series issued under such Indenture then outstanding and affected (each voting as one class), to add any provisions to, or change in any manner, eliminate or waive any of the provisions of, such Indenture or modify in any manner the rights of the holders of the Securities or Coupons so affected; provided that the Issuer and the Trustee, may not, without the consent of the holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby, (i) extend the final maturity of the principal of any Security or reduce the principal amount thereof or premium thereon, if any, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce any amount payable on redemption thereof or change the currency in which the principal thereof (other than as otherwise may be provided with respect to such series), premium, if any, or interest thereon is payable or reduce the amount of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Security that is payable upon acceleration or provable in bankruptcy, or in the case of Subordinated Securities of any series, modify any of the subordination provisions or the definition of “Senior Indebtedness” relating to such series in a manner adverse to the holders of such Subordinated Securities, or alter certain provisions of the Indenture relating to Securities not denominated in Dollars or the Judgment Currency of such Securities or impair or affect the right of any Securityholder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment thereof when due or, if the Securities provide therefor, any right of repayment at the option of the Securityholder or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage in principal amount of Securities of any series issued under the Indenture, the consent of the holders of which is required for any such modification. It is also provided in the Indenture that, with respect to certain defaults or Events of Default regarding the Securities of any series, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount Outstanding of the Securities of each such series, each such series voting as a separate class (or, of all Securities, as the case may be voting as a single class) may under certain circumstances waive all defaults with respect to each such series (or with respect to all the Securities, as the case may be) and rescind and annul a declaration of default and its consequences, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or affect any subsequent default or shall impair any right consequent thereto. The preceding sentence shall not, however, apply to a default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Securities. No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the registry books of the Issuer, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in Minneapolis, Minnesota, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. [FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] Schedule A Changes to Principal Amount of Registered Global Securities Date Principal Amount of Notes by which this Registered Global Security is to be Reduced or Increased, and Reason for Reduction or Increase Remaining Principal Amount of this Registered Global Security Notation Made By
EX-5.1 [Letterhead of Morrison & Foerster LLP] Exhibit 5.1 February 21, 2018 Board of Directors McKesson Corporation One Post Street San Francisco, CA 94104 Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-215763) – $600,000,000 3.950% Notes due 2028 Ladies and Gentlemen: We have acted as counsel to McKesson Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.950% notes due 2028 (the “ Notes ”), under that certain indenture, dated as of December 4, 2012 (the “ Base Indenture ”), among the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), as supplemented by an officer’s certificate dated the date hereof (the “ Officer’s Certificate ” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “ Indenture ”), and pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-215763) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Act ”), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) on January 27, 2017 (the “ Registration Statement ”), including a base prospectus, dated January 27, 2017 (the “ Base Prospectus ”), as supplemented by a prospectus supplement, dated February 7, 2018, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the “ Prospectus ”), and an Underwriting Agreement, dated February 7, 2018 (the “ Underwriting Agreement ”), between the Company and the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto (collectively, the “ Underwriters ”). This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the Notes. As counsel for the Company, we have examined the Registration Statement, the Indenture and originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such agreements, instruments, documents, certificates and records as we have deemed relevant and necessary for the basis of our opinions hereinafter expressed. In such examination, we have assumed: (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies; (iii) the truth, accuracy and completeness of the information, representations and warranties contained in the agreements, instruments, documents, certificates and records that we have reviewed; and (iv) the legal capacity of all natural persons. As to all matters of fact, we have relied on the representations and statements of fact made in the documents so reviewed, and we have not independently established or verified the facts so relied on. This opinion letter is given, and all statements herein are made, in the context of the foregoing. The opinions hereinafter expressed are subject to the following qualifications and exceptions: Board of Directors McKesson Corporation February 21, 2018 Page 2 (i) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, including, without limitation, laws relating to fraudulent transfers or conveyances, preferences and equitable subordination; (ii) limitations imposed by general principles of equity upon the availability of equitable remedies or the enforcement of provisions of any securities, and the effect of judicial decisions which have held that certain provisions are unenforceable where their enforcement would violate the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or would be commercially unreasonable, or where their breach is not material; and (iii) our opinions are based upon current statutes, rules, regulations, cases and official interpretive opinions, and it covers certain items that are not directly or definitively addressed by such authorities. To the extent that the obligations of the Company with respect to the Notes may be dependent upon such matters, we assume for purposes of this opinion that the Trustee is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization; that the Trustee is duly qualified to engage in the activities contemplated by the Indenture; that the Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Trustee enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms; that the Trustee is in compliance with respect to performance of its obligations under the Indenture, with all applicable laws and regulations; that the Trustee has the requisite organizational and legal power and authority to perform its obligations under the Indenture; and that a Statement of Eligibility of the Trustee on Form T-1 has been properly filed with the Commission. Based upon, subject to and limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Notes have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Underwriting Agreements and, upon due authentication by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company. This opinion letter is based as to matters of law solely on (i) the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, and (ii) applicable provisions of the laws of the State of New York (but not including any laws, statutes, ordinances, administrative decisions, rules or regulations of any political subdivision of the State of New York). We express no opinion herein as to any other laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations. As used herein, the term “Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended” includes the statutory provisions contained therein, all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting these laws. This opinion letter has been prepared for your use in connection with the Registration Statement. We assume no obligation to advise you of any changes in the foregoing subsequent to the effective date of the Registration Statement. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about February 16, 2018, which will be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, and to reference to us under the caption “Legal Matters” in the Prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that Board of Directors McKesson Corporation February 21, 2018 Page 3 we are acting within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules or regulations of the Commission thereunder. Very truly yours, /s/ Morrison & Foerster LLP Morrison & Foerster LLP