Form 10-K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 1-13252 McKESSON CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 94-3207296 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) One Post Street, San Francisco, California 94104 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (415) 983-8300 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of each class) (Name of each exchange on which registered) Common Stock, $0.01 par value New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer þ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ¨ No þ The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, September 30, 2011, was approximately $17.8 billion. Number of shares of common stock outstanding on April 16, 2012: 235,397,188 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS Item Page PART I 1. Business 3 1A. Risk Factors 11 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 22 2. Properties 22 3. Legal Proceedings 22 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 22 Executive Officers of the Registrant 23 PART II 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 6. Selected Financial Data 27 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 105 9A. Controls and Procedures 105 9B. Other Information 105 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 106 11. Executive Compensation 106 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 106 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 108 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 108 PART IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 109 Signatures 110 2 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION PART I Item 1. Business. General McKesson Corporation (“McKesson,” the “Company,” the “Registrant” or “we” and other similar pronouns), is a Fortune 15 corporation that delivers pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and health care information technologies that make health care safer while reducing costs. The Company’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act,”) are available free of charge on our website ( www.mckesson.com under the “Investors – Financial Information – SEC Filings” caption) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC” or the “Commission”). The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this report, unless expressly noted otherwise. The public may also read or copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the website is http://www.sec.gov . Business Segments We operate in two segments. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and equipment and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also provides specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, and practice management, technology, clinical support and business solutions to oncology and other specialty practices operating in the community setting. In addition, this segment sells financial, operational and clinical solutions for pharmacies (retail, hospital, alternate site) and provides consulting, outsourcing and other services. This segment includes a 49% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”), one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Mexico. The McKesson Technology Solutions segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions, pharmacy automation for hospitals, as well as connectivity, outsourcing and other services, including remote hosting and managed services, to healthcare organizations. This segment also includes our Payer group of businesses, which includes our InterQual® clinical criteria solution, medical management tools, claims payment solutions, network performance tools and care management programs. This segment’s customers include hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail pharmacies and payers from North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries and Israel. Net revenues for our segments for the last three years were as follows: (Dollars in billions) 2012 2011 2010 Distribution Solutions $ 119.4 97% $ 108.9 97% $ 105.6 97% Technology Solutions 3.3 3% 3.2 3% 3.1 3% Total $ 122.7 100% $ 112.1 100% $ 108.7 100% 3 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Distribution Solutions McKesson Distribution Solutions consists of the following businesses: U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution, McKesson Canada, Medical-Surgical Distribution, McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation and McKesson Specialty Health. This segment also includes our 49% interest in Nadro. U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution: This business supplies pharmaceuticals and/or other healthcare-related products to customers in three primary customer channels: (1) retail national accounts (including national and regional chains, food/drug combinations, mail order pharmacies and mass merchandisers); (2) independent retail pharmacies; and (3) institutional healthcare providers (including hospitals, health systems, integrated delivery networks, clinics and alternate site providers). This business also provides solutions and services to pharmaceutical manufacturers. This business sources materials and products from a wide-array of different suppliers, including the production of certain generic pharmaceutical drugs through a contract-manufacturing program. Our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business operates and serves thousands of customer locations through a network of 28 distribution centers, as well as a primary redistribution center, a strategic redistribution center and two repackaging facilities, serving all 50 states and Puerto Rico. We invest in technology and other systems at all of our distribution centers to enhance safety and reliability and provide the best product availability for our customers. For example, in all of our distribution centers we use Acumax® Plus, an award-winning technology that integrates and tracks all internal inventory-related functions such as receiving, put-away and order fulfillment. Acumax® Plus uses bar code technology, wrist-mounted computer hardware and radio frequency signals to provide customers with real-time product availability and industry-leading order quality and fulfillment in excess of 99.9% adjusted accuracy. In addition, we offer Mobile Manager SM , which integrates portable handheld technology with Acumax® Plus to give customers complete ordering and inventory control. We also offer McKesson Connect SM , an Internet-based ordering system that provides item lookup and real-time inventory availability as well as ordering, purchasing, third-party reconciliation and account management functionality. Together, these features help ensure customers have the right products at the right time for their facilities and patients. To maximize distribution efficiency and effectiveness, we follow the Six Sigma methodology — an analytical approach that emphasizes setting high-quality objectives, collecting data and analyzing results to a fine degree in order to improve processes, reduce costs and minimize errors. We continue to implement information systems to help achieve greater consistency and accuracy both internally and for our customers. The major offerings of the McKesson U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution business by customer group can be categorized as retail national accounts, independent retail pharmacies and institutional healthcare providers. Retail National Accounts — Business solutions that help national account customers increase revenues and profitability. Solutions include: — Central Fill SM — Prescription refill service that enables pharmacies to more quickly refill prescriptions remotely, more accurately and at a lower cost, while reducing inventory levels and improving customer service. — Redistribution Centers — Two facilities totaling over 500 thousand square feet that offer access to inventory for single source warehouse purchasing, including pharmaceuticals and biologicals. These distribution centers also provide the foundation for a two-tiered distribution network that supports best-in-class direct store delivery. — EnterpriseRx® — A Software as a Service (SaaS) pharmacy management system, that allows large retail chain, health system, and retail independent pharmacies to meet demand for prescriptions while maximizing profits and optimizing operations. — RxPak SM — Bulk-to-bottle repackaging service that leverages our purchasing scale and supplier relationships to provide pharmaceuticals at reduced prices, help increase inventory turns and reduce working capital investment. — Inventory Management – An integrated solution comprising forecasting software and automated replenishment technologies that reduce inventory-carrying costs. — McKesson OneStop Generics® — Generic pharmaceutical purchasing program that helps pharmacies maximize their cost savings with a broad selection of generic drugs, low pricing and one-stop shopping. 4 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Independent Retail Pharmacies — Solutions for managed care contracting, branding and advertising, merchandising, purchasing, operational efficiency and automation that help independent pharmacists focus on patient care while improving profitability. Solutions include: — Health Mart® —Health Mart® is a national network of more than 2,900 independently-owned pharmacies and is one of the industry’s most comprehensive pharmacy franchise programs. Health Mart® provides franchisees with managed care that drives pharmacy benefit manager recognition, branding that drives consumer recognition along with its Health Mart private label line of products, in-store programs that drive manufacturer and payer recognition and community advocacy programs that drive industry recognition. Health Mart® helps franchisees grow their businesses by focusing on the three principles of successful retailing: – Attract new customers; – Maximize the value of current customers; and – Enhance business efficiency. — AccessHealth® — Comprehensive managed care and reconciliation assistance services that help independent pharmacies save time, access competitive reimbursement rates and improve cash flow. — McKesson Reimbursement Advantage SM (“MRA”) — MRA is one of the industry’s most comprehensive reimbursement optimization packages, comprising financial services (automated claim resubmission), analytic services and customer care. — McKesson OneStop Generics® — described above. — EnterpriseRx® — described above. — Sunmark® — Complete line of more than 700 products that provide retail independent pharmacies with value-priced alternatives to national brands. — FrontEdge™ — Strategic planning, merchandising and price maintenance program that helps independent pharmacies maximize store profitability. — McKesson Home Health Care — Comprehensive line of more than 1,800 home health care products, including durable medical equipment, diabetes supplies, self-care supplies and disposables from national brands and the Sunmark ® line. Institutional Healthcare Providers — Electronic ordering/purchasing and supply chain management systems that help customers improve financial performance, increase operational efficiencies and deliver better patient care. Solutions include: — McKesson Pharmacy Optimization® — An experienced group of pharmacy professionals providing consulting services and pharmacy practice resources. McKesson Pharmacy Optimization® develops customized and quantifiable solutions that help hospitals create and sustain financial, operational and clinical results. — Fulfill-Rx SM — Ordering and inventory management system that integrates McKesson pharmaceutical distribution services with our automation solutions, thus empowering hospitals to optimize the often complicated and disjointed processes related to unit-based cabinet replenishment and inventory management. — Asset Management — Award-winning inventory optimization and purchasing management program that helps institutional providers lower costs while ensuring product availability. — SKY Packaging — Blister-format packaging containing the most widely prescribed dosages and strengths in generic oral-solid medications. SKY Packaging enables acute care, long-term care and institutional pharmacies to provide cost-effective, uniform packaging. — McKesson OneStop Generics® — Generic pharmaceutical purchasing program that enables acute care and alternate site pharmacies to capture the full potential of purchasing generic pharmaceuticals. — McKesson 340B Solution Suite — Solutions that help providers manage, track and report on medication replenishment associated with the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program. — High Performance Pharmacy® — Framework that identifies and categorizes hospital pharmacy best practices to help improve clinical outcomes and financial results. The High Performance Pharmacy Assessment Tool enables hospital pharmacies to measure against comparable institutions and chart a step-by-step path to high performance. 5 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION McKesson Canada: McKesson Canada, a wholly-owned subsidiary, is one of the largest pharmaceutical distributors in Canada. McKesson Canada, through its network of 16 distribution centers, provides logistics and distribution to more than 800 manufacturers – delivering their products to retail pharmacies, hospitals, long-term care centers, clinics and institutions throughout Canada. Beyond pharmaceutical distribution, logistics and order fulfillment, McKesson Canada has automated over 2,500 retail pharmacies and is also active in hospital automation solutions, dispensing more than 100 million doses each year. In partnership with other McKesson businesses, McKesson Canada provides a full range of services to Canadian manufacturers and healthcare providers, contributing to the quality and safety of care for patients. On March 25, 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Drug Trading Company Limited, the independent banner business of the Katz Group Canada Inc. (“Katz Group”), and Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc., the franchise business of the Katz Group. The acquisition of the assets from the Drug Trading Company Limited consists of a marketing and purchasing arm of more than 850 independently owned pharmacies in Canada. The acquisition of Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc. consists of the franchise business of providing services to more than 160 independent pharmacies in Canada. Medical–Surgical Distribution: This business provides medical-surgical supply distribution, equipment, logistics and other services to healthcare providers including physicians’ offices, surgery centers, extended care facilities, homecare and occupational health sites through a network of 28 distribution centers within the U.S. This business is a leading provider of supplies to the full range of alternate-site healthcare facilities, including physicians’ offices, clinics and surgery centers (primary care), long-term care, occupational health facilities and homecare sites (extended care). Through a variety of technology products and services geared towards the supply chain, our Medical-Surgical Distribution business is focused on helping its customers operate more efficiently while providing one of the industry’s most extensive product offerings, including our own private label line. This business also includes ZEE® Medical, one of the most extensive product offerings in the industry of first aid, safety and training solutions, providing services to industrial and commercial customers. This business offers an extensive line of products and services aimed at maximizing productivity and minimizing the liability and cost associated with workplace illnesses and injuries. McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation: This business supplies integrated pharmacy management systems, automated dispensing systems and related services to retail, outpatient, central fill, specialty and mail order pharmacies. Its primary offering is EnterpriseRx®, a Software as a Service (SaaS) pharmacy management system, that allows large retail chain, health system, and retail independent pharmacies to meet demand for prescriptions while maximizing profits and optimizing operations. We also own a 39% interest in Parata, which sells automated pharmacy and supply management systems and services to retail and institutional pharmacies. McKesson Specialty Health: This business provides solutions for oncology and other specialty practices operating in communities across the country, as well as for pharmaceutical and biotech suppliers who manufacture specialty drugs and vaccines. Through expertise in specialty drug distribution, commercialization, revenue cycle and practice management and reimbursement support, McKesson Specialty Health allows the community patient care delivery system and facilitates collaboration among community healthcare providers, drug manufacturers and payers. We provide direct-to-physician specialty distribution services, ensuring supply chain safety and delivery of specialty drugs in manufacturer recommended conditions. Third party logistics, or 3PL, are offered primarily for vaccine distribution, including our exclusive distributor relationship in the Center for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) Vaccines for Children program. We also offer our industry leading Lynx® integrated technologies, the iKnowMed SM Electronic Health record, and clinical and practice management tools, all of which help community practices improve inventory management, practice workflow and reimbursement processes, as well as deliver business efficiencies and clinical-decision support. McKesson Specialty Health works with manufacturers across all phases of the product development and commercialization lifecycle, including clinical research, to optimize delivery of complex medication to patients. Through custom distribution and safety programs, we help support appropriate product utilization, as well as the development and management of Risk Evaluation Mitigation Strategies (“REMS”), reimbursement, healthcare informatics and patient access programs, and to enable manufacturers to deliver cost effective patient access to needed therapies. McKesson Specialty Health supports The US Oncology Network and US Oncology Research. The US Oncology Network unites one of the largest network of community oncologists in the United States, and through collaboration and shared purpose, provides the clinical, research, technology and business resources to ensure the growth and vitality of these independent, community-based oncology practices. US Oncology Research is one of the nation’s largest research networks, specializing in Phase I – Phase IV oncology clinical trials. 6 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Technology Solutions Our Technology Solutions segment provides a comprehensive portfolio of software, automation, support and services to help healthcare organizations improve quality and patient safety, reduce the cost and variability of care and better manage their resources and revenue stream. This segment also includes our InterQual® clinical criteria solution, medical management tools, claims payment solutions, network performance tools and care management programs. Technology Solutions markets its products and services to integrated delivery networks, hospitals, physician practices, home healthcare providers, retail pharmacies and payers. Our solutions and services are sold internationally through subsidiaries and/or distribution agreements in Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries and Israel. The product portfolio for the Technology Solutions segment is designed to address a wide array of healthcare clinical and business performance needs ranging from medication safety and information access to revenue cycle management, resource utilization and physician adoption of electronic health records (“EHR”). Analytics software enables organizations to measure progress as they automate care processes for optimal clinical outcomes, business and operating results and regulatory compliance. To ensure that organizations achieve the maximum value for their information technology investment, we also offer a wide range of services to support the implementation and use of solutions as well as assist with business and clinical redesign, process re-engineering and staffing (both information technology and back-office). Key solution areas are as follows: Clinical and financial management: We provide comprehensive clinical and financial information systems for hospitals and health systems of all sizes. These systems are designed to improve the safety and quality of patient care and improve clinical, financial and operational performance. Clinical functionality includes a data repository, care planning, physician order entry and documentation, nursing documentation with bar-coded medication administration, laboratory, radiology, pharmacy, surgical management, emergency department and ambulatory EHR systems, a Web-based physician portal and a comprehensive solution for homecare. Revenue management solutions are designed to improve financial performance by reducing days in accounts receivable, preventing insurance claim denials, reducing costs and improving productivity. Solutions include online patient billing, contract management, electronic claims processing and coding compliance checking. These solutions streamline patient access and help organizations to forecast financial responsibility for constituents before and during care, allowing providers to collect their reimbursements more quickly and at a lower cost. Enterprise imaging: In addition to document imaging to facilitate maintenance and access to complete medical records, we offer medical imaging and information management systems for healthcare enterprises, including a picture archiving communications system, a radiology information system and a comprehensive cardiovascular information system. Our enterprise-wide approach to medical imaging enables organizations to take advantage of specialty-specific workstations while building an integrated image repository that manages all of the images and information captured throughout the care continuum. Performance management: Performance management solutions are designed to enhance an organization’s ability to plan and optimize quality care delivery. Enterprise visibility and performance analytics provide business intelligence that enables providers to manage capacity, outcomes, productivity and patient flow. Workforce management solutions assist caregivers with staffing and maintaining labor rule continuity between scheduling, time and attendance and payroll. A comprehensive supply chain management solution integrates enterprise resource planning applications, including financials, materials, human resources/payroll, with scheduling, point of use, surgical and anesthesia services and enterprise-wide analytics. Automation: Automation solutions include technologies that help hospitals re-engineer and improve their medication use processes. Examples include centralized pharmacy automation for dispensing unit-dose medications, unit-based cabinet technologies for secure medication storage and rapid retrieval and an anesthesia cart for dispensing of medications in the operating room. Based on a foundation of bar-code scanning technology, these integrated solutions are designed to reduce errors and bring new levels of safety to patients. 7 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Physician practice solutions: We provide a complete solution for physician practices of all sizes that includes software, revenue cycle outsourcing and connectivity services. Software solutions include practice management and EHR software for physicians of every size and specialty. Our physician practice offering also includes outsourced billing and collection services as well as services that connect physicians with their patients, hospitals, retail pharmacies and payers. Revenue cycle outsourcing enables physician groups to avoid the infrastructure investment and administrative costs of an in-house billing office. Services include clinical data collection, data input, medical coding, billing, contract management, cash collections, accounts receivable management and extensive reporting of metrics related to the physician practice. Connectivity: Through our vendor-neutral RelayHealth® and its intelligent network, the Company provides health information exchange and revenue cycle management solutions that streamline clinical, financial and administrative communication between patients, providers, payers, pharmacies, manufacturers, government and financial institutions. RelayHealth® helps to accelerate the delivery of high-quality care and improve financial performance through online consultation of physicians by patients, electronic prescribing by physicians, point-of-service resolution of pharmacy claims by payers, pre-visit financial clearance of patients by providers and post-visit settlement of provider bills by payers and patients. RelayHealth® securely processes more than 16 billion financial and clinical transactions annually. In addition to the product offerings described above, Technology Solutions offers a comprehensive range of services to help organizations derive greater value, enhance satisfaction and return on investment throughout the life of the solutions implemented. The range of services includes: Technology Services: Technology services supports the smooth operation of numerous organizations’ information systems by providing the technical infrastructure designed to maximize application accessibility, availability, security and performance. Outsourcing Services: With these services, we help providers focus their resources on delivering healthcare while managing their revenue cycle operations and information technology through a comprehensive suite of managed services. Services include full and partial revenue cycle outsourcing, remote hosting, managing hospital data processing operations, payroll processing, and business office administration. Professional Services: Professional services help customers achieve business results from their software or automation investment. A wide array of service options is available, including consulting for business and/or clinical process improvement and re-design as well as implementation, project management, technical and education services relating to all products in the Technology Solutions segment. Payer Group: The following suite of services and software products is marketed to payers, hospitals and government organizations to help manage the cost and quality of care: — InterQual® Criteria for clinical decision support and utilization management; — Claims payment solutions to facilitate accurate and efficient medical claim payments; — Business intelligence tools for measuring, reporting and improving clinical and financial performance; — Network management tools enable health plans to transform the performance of their networks; — Disease management programs to improve the health status and health outcomes of patients with chronic conditions; — Nurse advice services to provide health information and recommend appropriate levels of care; and — Clinical and analytical software to support utilization, case and disease management workflows. Business Combinations and Discontinued Operation We have undertaken strategic initiatives in recent years designed to further focus on our core healthcare businesses and enhance our competitive position. We expect to continue to undertake such strategic initiatives in the future. These initiatives are detailed in Financial Notes 2 and 7, “Business Combinations” and “Discontinued Operation,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 8 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Competition In every area of healthcare distribution operations, our Distribution Solutions segment faces strong competition, both in price and service, from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chains, manufacturers engaged in direct distribution, third-party logistics companies and large payer organizations. In addition, this segment faces competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers as well as other potential customers of the segment, which may from time-to-time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities that would otherwise be provided by the segment. Price, quality of service, innovation and, in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in this segment. Our Technology Solutions segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other software services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, payers, care management organizations, hardware vendors and internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. Intellectual Property The principal trademarks and service marks of our Distribution Solutions segment include: AccessHealth®, AccessMED®, Acumax®, Advancing Cancer Care in America®, Business of Pharmacy SM , BoP®, CaresRx SM , Central Fill SM , Closed Loop Distribution SM , Comprehensive Strategic Alliance (CSA) SM , Cypress SM , Cypress Plus®, Edwards Medical Supply®, Empowering Healthcare®, EnterpriseRx®, Expect More From Moore SM , FrontEdge™, Fulfill-Rx SM , Heal Living Well After Cancer®, Health Mart®, Heart Profilers & Design®, High Performance Pharmacy®, Iknowchart™, iKnowMed SM , Innovent®, LoyaltyScript®, Lynx®, Market Focus SM , Max Impact®, McKesson®, McKesson Advantage SM , McKesson Connect SM , McKesson Empowering Healthcare®, McKesson High Volume Solutions SM , McKesson Max Rewards®, McKesson OneStop Generics®, McKesson Pharmacy Central SM , McKesson Pharmacy Optimization®, McKesson Priority Express OTC SM , McKesson Reimbursement Advantage SM , McKesson Supply Manager SM , MediNet™, Medi-Pak®, Mobile Manager SM , Moore Medical®, Moorebrand®, Nexcura®, Northstarx®, Oncology Today SM , Oncology Today Translating Knowledge Into Cancer Care®, OncologyRx Care Advantage®, Onmark®, OTN®, Pharma360®, PharmacyRx™, Pharmaserv®, Radmap™, Research & Education®, RX Pak SM , RxOwnership®, Selectplus Oncology®, ServiceFirst SM , Staydry®, Sterling Medical Services®, Sunmark®, Supply Management Online SM , The Supply Experts®, The US Oncology Network SM , TrialScript®, Triangle Design®, United We Win SM , US Cancer Alliance SM , US Oncology®, Valu-Rite®, XVIII B Medi Mart®, Zee Medical Service®, and ZEE®. The substantial majority of technical concepts and codes embodied in our Technology Solutions segment’s computer programs and program documentation are protected as trade secrets. The principal trademarks and service marks for this segment are: AcuDose-Rx®, ANSOS One-Staff™, Ask-A-Nurse®, Care Fully Connected™, CareEnhance®, Connect-RN™, Connect-Rx®, CRMS™, DataStat®, ePremis®, Episode Profiler™, E-Script™, Fulfill-Rx SM , HealthQuest™, Horizon Admin-Rx™, Horizon Clinicals®, Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management TM , HorizonWP®, InterQual®, Lytec®, MedCarousel®, Medisoft®, ORSOS One-Call™, PACMED™, PakPlus-Rx™, Paragon®, Pathways 2000®, Patterns Profiler™, Per-Se™, Per-Se Technologies®, PerYourHealth.com®, Practice Partner®, Premis®, ProIntercept®, ProMed®, ProPBM®, RelayHealth®, ROBOT-Rx®, SelfPace®, Series 2000™, STAR 2000™, SupplyScan™, TRENDSTAR® and WebVisit™. We also own other registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and similar rights used by our business segments. Many of the principal trademarks and service marks are registered in the United States, or registrations have been applied for with respect to such marks, in addition to certain other jurisdictions. The United States federal registrations of these trademarks have terms of ten or twenty years, depending on date of registration, and are subject to unlimited renewals. We believe that we have taken all necessary steps to preserve the registration and duration of our trademarks and service marks, although no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully enforce or protect our rights thereunder in the event that they are subject to third-party infringement claims. We do not consider any particular patent, license, franchise or concession to be material to our business. We also hold copyrights in, and patents related to, many of our products. 9 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Other Information about the Business Customers: During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation (“CVS”) and Rite Aid Corporation (“Rite Aid”), accounted for approximately 16% and 10% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”) and Rite Aid were approximately 17%, 10% and 9% of total accounts receivable. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations (“GPOs”), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. The accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the GPOs. Substantially all of these revenues and accounts receivable are included in our Distribution Solutions segment. Suppliers: We obtain pharmaceutical and other products from manufacturers, none of which accounted for more than approximately 6% of our purchases in 2012. The loss of a supplier could adversely affect our business if alternate sources of supply are unavailable. We believe that our relationships with our suppliers, on the whole, are good. The ten largest suppliers in 2012 accounted for approximately 45% of our purchases. A significant portion of our distribution arrangements with the manufacturers provides us compensation based on a percentage of our purchases. In addition, we have certain distribution arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers that include an inflation-based compensation component whereby we benefit when the manufacturers increase their prices as we sell our existing inventory at the new higher prices. For these manufacturers, a reduction in the frequency and magnitude of price increases, as well as restrictions in the amount of inventory available to us, could have a material adverse impact on our gross profit margin. Research and Development: Our development expenditures primarily consist of our investment in software held for sale. We spent $487 million, $471 million and $451 million for development activities in 2012, 2011 and 2010 and of these amounts, we capitalized 10%, 14% and 17%. Development expenditures are primarily incurred by our Technology Solutions segment. Our Technology Solutions segment’s product development efforts apply computer technology and installation methodologies to specific information processing needs of hospitals and other customers. We believe that a substantial and sustained commitment to such expenditures is important to the long-term success of this business. Additional information regarding our development activities is included in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Environmental Regulation: Our operations are subject to regulations under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions and third-party damage or personal injury claims, if in the future we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. We are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental laws applicable to our operations, products and services and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. We meet this commitment through an environmental strategy and sustainability program. We sold our chemical distribution operations in 1987 and retained responsibility for certain environmental obligations. Agreements with the Environmental Protection Agency and certain states may require environmental assessments and cleanups at several closed sites. These matters are described further in Financial Note 19, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 10 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION The liability for environmental remediation and other environmental costs is accrued when the Company considers it probable and can reasonably estimate the costs. Environmental costs and accruals, including that related to our legacy chemical distribution operations, are presently not material to our operations or financial position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future environmental laws applicable to our operations or products will not have a material adverse impact on our operations or financial condition, we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental matters. Other than the expected expenditures that may be required in connection with our legacy chemical distribution operations, we do not anticipate making substantial capital expenditures either for environmental issues, or to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future. The amount of our capital expenditures for environmental compliance was not material in 2012 and is not expected to be material in the next year. Employees: On March 31, 2012, we employed approximately 37,700 persons compared to 36,400 and 32,500 on March 31, 2011 and 2010. Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations: Information as to foreign and domestic operations is included in Financial Notes 1 and 22, “Significant Accounting Policies” and “Segments of Business,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of Part II of this report and the “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Some of these statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “intends,” “plans” or “estimates,” or the negative of these words, or other comparable terminology. The discussion of financial trends, strategy, plans or intentions may also include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied. Although it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties, they may include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this report under “Risk Factors.” The reader should not consider the list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. These and other risks and uncertainties are described herein and in other information contained in our publicly available SEC filings and press releases. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statements were first made. Except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Item 1A. Risk Factors. The risks described below could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Although it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks and uncertainties, they may include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material to our operations. The reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. We are subject to legal proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. From time-to-time and in the ordinary course of our business, we and certain of our subsidiaries may become involved in various legal proceedings involving antitrust, commercial, employment, environmental, intellectual property, regulatory, tort and other various claims. All such legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect how we operate our business or we may enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages. In some cases, substantial non-economic remedies or punitive damages may be sought. For some complaints filed against the Company, we are currently unable to estimate the amount of possible losses that might be incurred should these legal proceedings be resolved against the Company. 11 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always uncertain and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence or existing law can occur. The Company believes that it has valid defenses to the legal matters pending against it and is defending itself vigorously. Nevertheless, it is possible that resolution of one or any combination of more than one legal matter could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. For example, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings described in Financial Note 19, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements that could have such an impact, including legal proceedings alleging that we engaged in illegal conduct that caused average wholesale prices to rise for certain prescription drugs during specified periods. Litigation is costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The defense of these matters could also result in continued diversion of our management’s time and attention away from business operations, which could also harm our business. Even if these matters are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal proceedings could harm our business and reputation. For additional information regarding certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Financial Note 19, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Changes in the United States healthcare industry and regulatory environment could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Our products and services are primarily intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry in the United States has changed significantly in an effort to reduce costs. These changes have included cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, consolidation of pharmaceutical and medical-surgical supply distributors and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. We expect the healthcare industry in the United States to continue to change and for healthcare delivery models to evolve in the future. Changes in the healthcare industry’s or our pharmaceutical suppliers’ pricing, selling, inventory, distribution or supply policies or practices could significantly reduce our revenues and net income. Due to the diverse range of healthcare supply management and healthcare information technology products and services that we offer, such changes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, while not affecting some of our competitors who offer a narrower range of products and services. The majority of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution business’ agreements with manufacturers are structured to ensure that we are appropriately and predictably compensated for the services we provide; however, failure to successfully renew these contracts in a timely and favorable manner could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, branded pharmaceutical price inflation can be the partial economic basis of some of our distribution business agreements with pharmaceutical manufacturers. If the frequency or rate of branded price increases slows, it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, we distribute generic pharmaceuticals, which can be subject to both price deflation and price inflation. Healthcare and public policy trends indicate that the number of generic drugs will increase next year as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents. In recent years, our financial results have improved from our generic drug offerings combined with an increase in the number of generic drug formularies available in the marketplace. Changes in the availability, pricing trends or reimbursement of these generic drugs, or changes in the rate of increase in the number of generic drugs, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Generic drug manufacturers are increasingly challenging the validity or enforceability of patents on branded pharmaceutical products. During the pendency of these legal challenges, a generics manufacturer may begin manufacturing and selling a generic version of the branded product prior to the final resolution to its legal challenge over the branded product’s patent. To the extent we source, contract manufacture, and distribute such generic products, the brand-name company could assert infringement claims against us. While we generally obtain indemnification against such claims from generic manufacturers as a condition of distributing their products, there can be no assurances that these rights will be adequate or sufficient to protect us. 12 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION In recent years, pharmaceutical suppliers have been subject to increasing consolidation. As a result, a small number of very large companies control a significant share of the market. Accordingly, we depend on fewer suppliers for our products and therefore we may be less able to negotiate price terms with suppliers. Many healthcare organizations also have consolidated to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater market power. If this consolidation trend continues, it could reduce the size of our target market and give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power, which may lead to erosion of the prices for our products and services. In addition, when healthcare organizations combine they often consolidate infrastructure including IT systems, which in turn may erode our customer and revenue base. The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and computer-related products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins, and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose the Company to litigation and regulatory investigations. Healthcare Fraud: We are subject to extensive and frequently changing local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud, waste and abuse, and the government, both state and federal, continues to strengthen its position and scrutiny over practices involving fraud, waste and abuse affecting Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Our relationships with pharmaceutical and medical-surgical product manufacturers and healthcare providers, as well as our provision of products and services to government entities, subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse, which among other things: (1) prohibit persons from soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration in order to induce the referral of a patient for treatment or for inducing the ordering or purchasing of items or services that are in any way paid for by Medicare, Medicaid or other government-sponsored healthcare programs; (2) impose a number of restrictions upon referring physicians and providers of designated health services under Medicare and Medicaid programs; and (3) prohibit the knowing submission of a false or fraudulent claim for payment to, and knowing retention of an overpayment by, a federal health care program such as Medicare and Medicaid. Many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to marketing incentives, are vague or indefinite and have not been interpreted by the courts. They may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory, or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could become liable for damages, suffer civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. Reimbursements: Both our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical treatments and related services, or changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively the “Affordable Care Act”), signed into law in 2010, revised the federal upper limits for Medicaid reimbursement for multiple source generic drugs available for purchase by retail community pharmacies on a nationwide basis to a limit of not less than 175% of the weighted average (determined on the basis of utilization) of the most recently reported monthly average manufacturer price (“AMP”) using a smoothing process. In addition, Medicare, Medicaid and the State Children’s Health Insurance Program (“SCHIP”) Extension Act of 2007 requires the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) to adjust the calculation of the Medicare Part B drug average sales price to an actual sales volume basis. CMS has proposed new rules for calculating AMP (“Revised AMP”) and is also offering states the option to replace traditional reimbursement metrics for certain drugs with alternatives such as the average acquisition cost (“AAC”) method. Under AAC, reimbursement is based on the actual acquisition costs from invoiced amounts and from a statistically validated cost of dispensing survey. We expect that the use of a Revised AMP benchmark or the use of an alternative reimbursement metric, such as AAC, would result in a reduction in the Medicaid reimbursement rates to our customers for certain pharmaceuticals, which could indirectly impact the prices that we can charge our customers and cause corresponding declines in our profitability. There can be no assurance that these changes would not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 13 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Operating, Security and Licensure Standards: We are subject to the operating and security standards of the Drug Enforcement Administration (the “DEA”), the U. S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”), the CMS and other comparable agencies. Certain of our businesses may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and comply with operating and security standards of the DEA, FDA, HHS, CMS, various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as foreign agencies and certain accrediting bodies, depending upon the type of operations and location of product development, manufacture, distribution, and sale. As part of these operating, security and licensure standards, we regularly receive requests for information and occasionally subpoenas from government authorities. Although we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that a regulatory agency or tribunal would not reach a different conclusion concerning the compliance of our operations with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or renew existing permits, licenses or any other regulatory approvals or obtain without significant delay future permits, licenses or other approvals needed for the operation of our businesses. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Pedigree Tracking: There have been increasing efforts by Congress and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy and departments of health and the FDA, to regulate the pharmaceutical distribution system in order to prevent the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system (“pedigree tracking”). Certain states have adopted or are considering laws and regulations that are intended to protect the integrity of the pharmaceutical distribution system, while other government agencies are currently evaluating their recommendations. For example, Florida has adopted pedigree tracking requirements and California has enacted a law requiring chain of custody technology using radio frequency tagging and electronic pedigrees, which will be effective for us in July 2016. In addition, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007, which went into effect on October 1, 2007, requires the FDA to establish standards and identify and validate effective technologies for the purpose of securing the pharmaceutical supply chain against counterfeit drugs. These standards may include any track-and-trace or authentication technologies, such as radio frequency identification devices and other similar technologies. On March 26, 2010, the FDA released the Serialized Numerical Identifier (“SNI”) guidance for manufacturers who serialize pharmaceutical packaging. We expect to be able to accommodate these SNI regulations in our distribution operations. Nonetheless, these pedigree tracking laws and regulations could increase the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our pharmaceutical distribution business, and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Privacy: State, federal and foreign laws regulate the confidentiality of sensitive personal information, how that information may be used, and the circumstances under which such information may be released. These regulations govern the disclosure and use of confidential personal and patient medical record information and require the users of such information to implement specified privacy and security measures. Regulations currently in place, including regulations governing electronic health data transmissions, continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. Although we modified our policies, procedures and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal and foreign laws, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health (“HITECH”) Act portion of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, new laws and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate personal or patient information, or it could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products in a timely manner, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, the HITECH Act expanded HIPAA privacy and security requirements and increased financial penalties for violations. It also extended certain provisions of the federal privacy and security standards to us in our capacity as a business associate of our payer and provider customers. These standards may be interpreted by a regulatory authority in a manner that could require us to make a material change to our operations. Furthermore, failure to maintain confidentiality of sensitive personal information in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements could expose us to breach of contract claims, fines and penalties, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. 14 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Health Care Reform : The Affordable Care Act significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured Americans and changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private payers. Although the U.S. Supreme Court is considering whether to strike down some or all of the Act’s provisions, further federal and state proposals for healthcare reform are likely. We do not currently anticipate that the Affordable Care Act or any resulting federal and state healthcare reforms will have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, given the scope of the changes made and under consideration, as well as the uncertainties associated with implementation of healthcare reforms, we cannot predict their full effect on the Company at this time. Interoperability Standards: There is increasing demand among customers, industry groups and government authorities that healthcare software and systems provided by various vendors be compatible with each other. This need for interoperability is leading to the development of standards by various groups, and certain federal and state agencies are also developing standards that could become mandatory for systems purchased by these agencies. For example, the HITECH Act requires meaningful use of “certified” healthcare information technology products by healthcare providers in order to receive stimulus funds from the federal government. Effective September 27, 2010, CMS issued a rule that utilizes a staged approach for defining meaningful use criteria. Under the staged approach, CMS has issued rules that identify the initial criteria for meaningful use and is updating these initial criteria with additional rules. In addition, these standards are subject to interpretation by the entities designed to certify such technology. A combination of our solutions has been certified as meeting the initial criteria. However, we may incur increased development costs and delays in upgrading our customer software and systems to be in compliance with these varying and evolving standards. In addition, these new standards may lengthen our sales and implementation cycle and we may incur costs in periods prior to the corresponding recognition of revenue. To the extent these standards are narrowly construed or delayed in publication, or that we are delayed in achieving certification under these evolving standards for applicable products, our customers may postpone or cancel their decisions to purchase or implement our software and systems. FDA Regulation of Medical Software . The FDA has increasingly focused on the regulation of medical software, computer products and computer-assisted products as medical devices under the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. For example, effective April 18, 2011, the FDA issued a new rule regulating certain computer data systems as medical devices. If the FDA chooses to regulate any of our products as medical devices, it can impose extensive requirements upon us. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements, the FDA could respond by imposing fines, injunctions or civil penalties, requiring recalls or product corrections, suspending production, refusing to grant pre-market clearance of products, withdrawing clearances and initiating criminal prosecution. Additionally, beginning in calendar 2013, the Affordable Care Act provides that a tax in an amount equal to 2.3 percent of the price for which the manufacturer sells its medical devices will have to be paid by each medical device manufacturer. Since we sell medical devices, we may be impacted by this tax. Any additional FDA regulations governing computer products, once issued, may increase the cost and time to market new or existing products or may prevent us from marketing our products. Standards for Submission of Health Care Claims : HHS has adopted two new rules that impact healthcare claims submitted for reimbursement. The first rule modifies the standards for electronic health care transactions ( e.g. , eligibility, claims submission and payment and electronic remittance) from Version 4010/4010A to Version 5010. The enforcement deadline for the 5010 rule has been extended through June 30, 2012. The second rule updated and expanded the standard medical code sets for diagnosis and procedure coding from International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (“ICD-9”) to International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (“ICD-10”). HHS has postponed the compliance date for ICD-10 conversion, previously October 1, 2013, for an unspecified period. Updating systems to Version 5010 is required for use of the ICD-10 code set. Generally, claims submitted not using Version 5010 and ICD-10 when required will not be processed, and health plans not accepting transactions using Version 5010 and ICD-10 may experience significant increases in customer service inquiries. We may incur increased development costs and delays in delivering solutions and upgrading our software and systems to be in compliance with these new standards. In addition, these standards may lengthen our sales and implementation cycle and we may incur costs in periods prior to the corresponding recognition of revenue. Delays in providing software and systems that are in compliance with the new standards may result in postponement or cancellation of our customers’ decisions to purchase our software and systems. 15 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Medical Billing and Coding: Medical billing, coding and collection activities are governed by numerous federal and state civil and criminal laws. In connection with these laws, we may be subjected to federal or state government investigations and possible penalties may be imposed upon us, false claims actions may have to be defended, private payers may file claims against us and we may be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded healthcare programs. Any such proceeding or investigation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Changes in the Canadian healthcare industry and regulatory environment could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The provincial governments in Canada provide partial funding for the purchase of pharmaceuticals and independently regulate the sale and reimbursement of drugs. Similar to the United States, the Canadian healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in recent years in an effort to reduce program costs. For example, in 2006 the Ontario government significantly revised the drug reimbursement system with the passage of the Transparent Drug System for Patients Act. In recent years, to reduce the cost for taxpayers, various provinces took further steps to reform the rules regarding the sale of generic drugs. These changes include the significant lowering of prices for generic pharmaceuticals and, in some provinces, the elimination or reduction of professional allowances paid to pharmacists by generic manufacturers. These reforms may adversely affect the distribution of drugs as well as the pricing for prescription drugs for the Company’s operations in Canada. Other provinces are considering similar changes, which would also lower pharmaceutical pricing and service fees. Individually or in combination, such changes in the Canadian healthcare environment may significantly reduce our Canadian revenue and operating profit. Competition may erode our profit. In every area of healthcare distribution operations, our Distribution Solutions segment faces strong competition, both in price and service, from national, regional and local full-line, short-line and specialty wholesalers, service merchandisers, self-warehousing chains, manufacturers engaged in direct distribution, third-party logistics companies and large payer organizations. In addition, this segment faces competition from various other service providers and from pharmaceutical and other healthcare manufacturers as well as other potential customers of the segment, which may from time-to-time decide to develop, for their own internal needs, supply management capabilities that would otherwise be provided by the segment. Price, quality of service, and in some cases, convenience to the customer are generally the principal competitive elements in this segment. Our Technology Solutions segment experiences substantial competition from many firms, including other software services firms, consulting firms, shared service vendors, certain hospitals and hospital groups, payers, care management organizations, hardware vendors and internet-based companies with technology applicable to the healthcare industry. Competition varies in size from small to large companies, in geographical coverage and in scope and breadth of products and services offered. These competitive pressures could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. A material reduction in purchases or the loss of a large customer or group purchasing organization, as well as substantial defaults in payment by a large customer or group purchasing organization, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In recent years, a significant portion of our revenue growth has been with a limited number of large customers. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS and Rite Aid, accounted for approximately 16% and 10% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Walmart and Rite Aid were approximately 17%, 10% and 9% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations (“GPOs”), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers, as well as with government entities and agencies. A material default in payment, change in our customer mix, reduction in purchases, or the loss of a large customer or GPO could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 16 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION We generally sell our products and services to customers on credit that is short-term in nature and unsecured. Any adverse change in general economic conditions can adversely reduce sales to our customers, affect consumer buying practices or cause our customers to delay or be unable to pay accounts receivable owed to us, which may in turn materially reduce our revenue growth and cause a material decrease in our profitability and cash flow. Further, interest rate fluctuations and changes in capital market conditions may also affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit to finance their business under acceptable terms, which in turn may materially reduce our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability. Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to future funding and compliance. Contracts with the U.S. federal government and other governments and their agencies are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions and regulations, including oversight audits by various government authorities and profit and cost controls. Government contracts also are exposed to uncertainties associated with funding. Contracts with the U.S. federal government, for example, are subject to the uncertainties of Congressional funding. Governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated. As a result, our government clients may terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. The loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, since government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, we must comply with such requirements. For example, for contracts with the U.S. federal government, with certain exceptions, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the Truth in Negotiations Act, and the Cost Accounting Standards. We must also comply with various other government regulations and requirements as well as various statutes related to employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping and accounting. These regulations and requirements affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. Government contracts also contain terms that expose us to higher levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. We also are subject to government audits, investigations, and proceedings. For example, government agencies routinely review and audit government contractors to determine whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable government regulations. These audits can result in adjustments to the amount of contract costs we believe are reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies. If we violate these rules or regulations, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed by the government including disallowance of costs claimed, monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. In addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work. The occurrence of any of these actions could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Our future results could be materially affected by a number of public health issues whether occurring in the United States or abroad. Public health issues, whether occurring in the United States or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or customers, or have a broader adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels that would negatively affect our suppliers and customers. We have developed contingency plans to address infectious disease scenarios and the potential impact on our operations, and we will continue to update these plans as necessary. However, there can be no assurance that these plans will be effective in eliminating the negative impact of any such diseases on the Company’s operating results. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Our Distribution Solutions segment is dependent upon sophisticated information systems. The implementation delay, malfunction, or failure of these systems for any extended period of time or breach of these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. We rely on sophisticated information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data to: (1) facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; (2) receive, process and ship orders and handle other product and services on a timely basis; (3) manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and (4) process payments to suppliers. If these systems are interrupted, damaged or breached by an unforeseen event or actions of a third party, such as a cyber attack, or fail for any extended period of time, we could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We could experience losses or liability not covered by insurance. In order to provide prompt and complete service to our major Distribution Solutions segment’s customers, we maintain significant product inventory at certain of our distribution centers. While we seek to maintain property insurance coverage in amounts sufficient for our business, there can be no assurance that our property insurance will be adequate or available on acceptable terms. One or more large casualty losses caused by fire, earthquake or other natural disaster in excess of our coverage limits could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution, manufacturing, dispensing and administration of pharmaceuticals and medical-surgical supplies, the provision of ancillary services, the conduct of our payer businesses (which include care management programs and our nurse advice services) and the provision of products that assist clinical decision-making and relate to patient medical histories and treatment plans. If customers or individuals assert liability claims against our products and/or services, any ensuing litigation, regardless of outcome, could result in a substantial cost to us, divert management’s attention from operations and decrease market acceptance of our products. We attempt to limit our liability to customers by contract; however, the limitations of liability set forth in the contracts may not be enforceable or may not otherwise protect us from liability for damages. Additionally, we may be subject to claims that are not explicitly covered by contract, such as a claim directly by a patient. We also maintain general liability coverage; however, this coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms, may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims against us and may include larger self-insured retentions or exclusions for certain products. In addition, the insurer might disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful product or professional liability claim not fully covered by our insurance could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The failure of our healthcare technology businesses to attract and retain customers due to challenges in software product integration or to keep pace with technological advances may significantly reduce our results of operations. Our healthcare technology businesses, the bulk of which resides in our Technology Solutions segment, deliver enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions and pharmacy automation to hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail and mail order pharmacies and payers. Challenges integrating software products could impair our ability to attract and retain customers, and it could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and a disproportionate impact on the results of operations of our Technology Solutions segment. Future advances in the healthcare information systems industry could lead to new technologies, products or services that are competitive with the technology products and services offered by our various businesses. Such technological advances could also lower the cost of such products and services or otherwise result in competitive pricing pressure or render our products obsolete. The success of our technology businesses will depend, in part, on our ability to be responsive to technological developments, pricing pressures and changing business models. To remain competitive in the evolving healthcare information systems marketplace, our technology businesses must also develop new products on a timely basis. The failure to develop competitive products and to introduce new products on a timely basis could curtail the ability of our technology businesses to attract and retain customers, and thereby it could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 18 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Proprietary protections may not be adequate and products may be found to infringe the rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights in our products and solutions. There can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop products or solutions that are equivalent or superior to ours. In addition, despite protective measures, we may be subject to unauthorized use of our technology due to copying, reverse-engineering or other infringement. Although we believe that our products, solutions and services do not infringe the proprietary rights of third parties, from time-to-time third parties have asserted infringement claims against us and there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future. If we were found to be infringing others’ rights, we may be required to pay substantial damage awards and forced to develop non-infringing products or technology, obtain a license or cease selling or using the products that contain the infringing elements. Additionally, we may find it necessary to initiate litigation to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our patent, copyright and trademark rights and to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. These types of litigation can be costly and time consuming. These litigation expenses, damage payments or costs of developing replacement products or technology could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. System errors or failures of our products to conform to specifications could cause unforeseen liabilities or injury, harm our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The software and software systems (“systems”) that we sell or operate are very complex. As with complex systems offered by others, our systems may contain errors, especially when first introduced. For example, our Technology Solutions segment’s business systems are intended to provide information for healthcare providers in providing patient care. Therefore, users of our systems have a greater sensitivity to errors than the general market for software products. If our software or systems lead to faulty clinical decisions or injury to patients, we could be subject to claims or litigation by our clients, clinicians or patients. In addition, such failures could damage our reputation and could negatively affect future sales. Failure of a client’s system to perform in accordance with our documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require us to incur additional expense in order to make the system comply with the documentation. If such failure is not remedied in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach under a contract, allowing the client to cancel the contract, obtain refunds of amounts previously paid or assert claims for significant damages. Various risks could interrupt customers’ access to their data residing in our service center, exposing us to significant costs. We provide remote hosting services that involve operating both our software and the software of third-party vendors for our customers. The ability to access the systems and the data that we host and support on demand is critical to our customers. Our operations and facilities are vulnerable to interruption and/or damage from a number of sources, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation: (1) power loss and telecommunications failures; (2) fire, flood, hurricane and other natural disasters; (3) software and hardware errors, failures or crashes; and (4) cyber attacks, computer viruses, hacking and other similar disruptive problems. We attempt to mitigate these risks through various means including disaster recovery plans, separate test systems and change controls, information security procedures, and continued development and enhancement of our cyber security, but our precautions may not protect against all risks. If customers’ access is interrupted because of problems in the operation of our facilities, we could be exposed to significant claims, particularly if the access interruption is associated with problems in the timely delivery of medical care. If customers’ access is interrupted from failure or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third party service providers, we could suffer reputational harm or be exposed to liabilities arising from the unauthorized and improper use or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information. We must maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that rely upon third-party providers of related services and if those vendors fail us at a time that our center is not operating correctly, we could incur a loss of revenue and liability for failure to fulfill our contractual service commitments. Any significant instances of system downtime could negatively affect our reputation and ability to sell our remote hosting services. 19 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION The length of our sales and implementation cycles for our Technology Solutions segment could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations. Many of the solutions offered by our Technology Solutions segment have long sales and implementation cycles, which could range from a few months to two years or more from initial contact with the customer to completion of implementation. How and when to implement, replace, or expand an information system, or modify or add business processes, are major decisions for healthcare organizations. Many of the solutions we provide typically require significant capital expenditures and time commitments by the customer. Any decision by our customers to delay or cancel implementation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, delays or failures to meet milestones established in our agreements may result in a breach of contract, termination of the agreement, damages and/or penalties as well as a reduction in our margins or a delay in our ability to recognize revenue. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired. We are required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) to test our goodwill for impairment, annually or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry, or economic trends or a significant decline in the Company’s stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. In addition, we periodically review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rates and the loss of a significant customer. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined. This could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. There are inherent uncertainties in management’s estimates, judgments and assumptions used in assessing recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets. Any changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, a further deterioration in the market or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. Our foreign operations may subject us to a number of operating, economic, political and regulatory risks that may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We have operations based in, and we source and contract manufacture pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products in, a number of foreign countries. In the future, we look to continue to grow our foreign operations both organically and through acquisitions and investments; however, increasing our foreign operations carries additional risks. Operations outside of the United States may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements for software, social, political, labor or economic conditions in a specific country or region; import/export regulations in both the United States and foreign countries and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Political changes and natural disasters, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. We may also be affected by potentially adverse tax consequences and difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad. Additionally, foreign operations expose us to foreign currency fluctuations that could adversely impact our results of operations based on the movements of the applicable foreign currency exchange rates in relation to the U.S. dollar. Foreign operations are also subject to risks of violations of laws prohibiting improper payments and bribery, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION We also may experience difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products and contract manufacturing from foreign countries, including but not limited to: (1) difficulties in complying with the requirements of applicable federal, state and local governmental authorities in the United States and of foreign regulatory authorities; (2) inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand or the failure to predict market demand; (3) other manufacturing or distribution problems including changes in types of products produced, limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, physical limitations, or scarce or inadequate resources that could impact continuous supply; and (4) damage to our reputation due to real or perceived quality issues. Manufacturing difficulties could result in production shutdowns, product shortages and other similar delays in product manufacturing that could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We are a large multinational corporation with operations in the United States and international jurisdictions. As such, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments and of many international jurisdictions. From time-to-time, legislation may be enacted that could adversely affect our tax positions. There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate and the resulting cash flow will not be adversely affected by these changes in legislation. For example, if legislation is passed to repeal the LIFO (last-in, first-out) method of inventory accounting for income tax purposes, it would adversely impact our cash flow, and if legislation is passed to change the current U.S. taxation treatment of income from foreign operations, it may adversely impact our income tax expense. The tax laws and regulations of the various countries where we have major operations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that these tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. Our business could be hindered if we are unable to complete and integrate acquisitions successfully. An element of our strategy is to identify, pursue and consummate acquisitions that either expand or complement our business. Since 2010, we have completed approximately $3.4 billion of business acquisitions. Integration of acquisitions involves a number of significant risks, including the diversion of management’s attention to the assimilation of the operations of businesses we have acquired; difficulties in the integration of operations and systems; the realization of potential operating synergies; the assimilation and retention of the personnel of the acquired companies; accounting, regulatory or compliance issues that could arise, including internal control over financial reporting; challenges in retaining the customers, including physician affiliates, of the combined businesses. Further, acquisitions may have a material adverse impact on our operating results if unanticipated expenses or charges to earnings were to occur, including unanticipated depreciation and amortization expenses over the useful lives of certain assets acquired, as well as costs related to potential impairment charges, assumed litigation and unknown liabilities. In addition, we may potentially require additional financing in order to fund future acquisitions, which may or may not be attainable and is subject to potential volatility in the credit markets. If we are unable to successfully complete and integrate strategic acquisitions in a timely manner, our business and our growth strategies could be negatively affected. Volatility and disruption to the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our ability to access credit, our cost of credit and the financial soundness of our customers and suppliers. Volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets, including the bankruptcy or restructuring of certain financial institutions, reduced lending activity by other financial institutions, decreased liquidity and increased costs in the commercial paper market and the reduced market for securitizations, may adversely affect the availability and cost of credit already arranged and the availability, terms and cost of credit in the future, including any arrangements to renew or replace our current credit or financing arrangements. Although we believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets, current access to capital and credit markets, including our existing credit and sales facilities, will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. 21 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Our $1.35 billion accounts receivable sales facility is generally renewed annually and will expire in May 2012. Historically, we have primarily used the accounts receivable sales facility to fund working capital requirements, as needed. We anticipate renewing this facility before its expiration. Although we believe we will be able to renew this facility, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our customers or suppliers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. As a result, customers may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase or implement our products or services and suppliers may increase their prices, reduce their output or change their terms of sale. Additionally, if customers’ or suppliers’ operating and financial performance deteriorates or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, customers may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of accounts receivable owed to us and suppliers may restrict credit, impose different payment terms or be unable to make payments due to us for fees, returned products or incentives. Any inability of customers to pay us for our products and services or any demands by suppliers for different payment terms may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flow. Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements. Our financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time-to-time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the FASB and the SEC. It is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Because of the nature of our principal businesses, our plant, warehousing, office and other facilities are operated in widely dispersed locations, mostly throughout the U.S. and Canada. The warehouses are typically owned or leased on a long-term basis. We consider our operating properties to be in satisfactory condition and adequate to meet our needs for the next several years without making capital expenditures materially higher than historical levels. Information as to material lease commitments is included in Financial Note 17, “Lease Obligations,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Financial Note 19, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 22 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth information regarding the executive officers of the Company, including their principal occupations during the past five years. The number of years of service with the Company includes service with predecessor companies. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. The executive officers are elected on an annual basis generally and their term expires at the first meeting of the Board of Directors (“Board”) following the annual meeting of stockholders, or until their successors are elected and have qualified, or until death, resignation or removal, whichever is sooner. Name Age Position with Registrant and Business Experience John H. Hammergren 53 Chairman of the Board since July 2002; President and Chief Executive Officer since April 2001; and a director since July 1999. Service with the Company – 16 years. Jeffrey C. Campbell 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2004. Service with the Company – 8 years. Patrick J. Blake 48 Executive Vice President and Group President since June 2009; President of McKesson Specialty Care Solutions (now McKesson Specialty Health) from April 2006 to June 2009. Service with the Company – 16 years. Jorge L. Figueredo 51 Executive Vice President, Human Resources since May 2008; Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Dow Jones, Inc. from February 2007 to January 2008. Service with the Company – 4 years. Paul C. Julian 56 Executive Vice President and Group President since April 2004. Service with the Company – 16 years. Laureen E. Seeger 50 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since April 2010 (functionally has served as chief compliance officer since March 2006); Executive Vice President and General Counsel from July 2009 to April 2010; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from March 2006 to July 2009. Service with the Company – 12 years. Randall N. Spratt 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer since April 2009; Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer from July 2005 to April 2009. Service with the Company – 26 years. 23 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information: The principal market on which the Company’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock as reported on NYSE for each quarterly period of the two most recently completed fiscal years: 2012 2011 High Low High Low First quarter $ 87.32 $ 77.55 $ 71.49 $ 62.94 Second quarter $ 84.96 $ 70.86 $ 69.48 $ 57.81 Third quarter $ 85.70 $ 66.61 $ 71.09 $ 59.54 Fourth quarter $ 88.91 $ 74.89 $ 81.00 $ 70.44 (b) Holders: The number of record holders of the Company’s common stock at March 31, 2012 was approximately 7,700. (c) Dividends: In April 2011, the Company’s quarterly dividend was raised from $0.18 to $0.20 per common share for dividends declared after such date, until further action by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). The Company declared regular cash dividends of $0.80 per share (or $0.20 per share per quarter) in the year ended March 31, 2012 and $0.72 per share (or $0.18 per share per quarter) in the year ended March 31, 2011. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company’s future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans: Information relating to this item is provided under Part III, Item 12, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (e) Share Repurchase Plans: Stock repurchases may be made from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations and other market and economic conditions. In January 2012, the Board authorized the repurchase of an additional $650 million of the Company’s common stock, bringing the total authorization outstanding to $1.5 billion. In March 2012, the Company entered into an ASR program with a third party financial institution to repurchase $1.2 billion of the Company’s common stock. The program was funded with cash on hand. As of March 31, 2012, the Company had received 12 million shares representing the minimum number of shares due under this program. The total number of shares to be ultimately repurchased by the Company under this program will be determined at the completion of the program based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of the Company’s common stock during the program, less a discount. This program is anticipated to be completed no later than the second quarter of 2013. As of March 31, 2012, $0.3 billion remained available for future repurchases under the January 2012 authorization. In April 2012, the Board authorized the repurchase of an additional $700 million of the Company’s common stock, bringing the total authorization outstanding to $1.0 billion. 24 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION The following table provides information on the Company’s share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2012: Share Repurchases (1) (In millions, except price per share) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs January 1, 2012 – January 31, 2012 — $ — — $ 1,500 February 1, 2012 – February 29, 2012 — — — 1,500 March 1, 2012 – March 31, 2012 12.0 87.19 (2) 12.0 300 Total 12.0 12.0 300 (1) This table does not include shares tendered to satisfy the exercise price in connection with cashless exercises of employee stock options or shares tendered to satisfy tax-withholding obligations in connection with employee equity awards. (2) The average price paid per share under the March 2012 ASR program was based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock less a discount calculated as of March 31, 2012. The final settlement price per share under the March 2012 ASR program will be determined upon completion of the program. 25 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION (f) Stock Price Performance Graph*: The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company’s common stock for the periods indicated with the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the Value Line Healthcare Sector Index (composed of 158 companies in the health care industry, including the Company). March 31, 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 McKesson Corporation $ 100.00 $ 89.81 $ 60.73 $ 114.92 $ 139.72 $ 156.68 S&P 500 Index $ 100.00 $ 94.92 $ 58.77 $ 88.02 $ 101.79 $ 110.49 Value Line Healthcare Sector Index $ 100.00 $ 94.52 $ 72.44 $ 100.35 $ 119.57 $ 136.05 * Assumes $100 invested in McKesson’s common stock and in each index on March 31, 2007 and that all dividends are reinvested. 26 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Item 6. Selected Financial Data. FIVE-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS As of and for the Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data and ratios) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Operating Results Revenues $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 $ 106,632 $ 101,703 Percent change 9.5 % 3.1 % 1.9 % 4.8 % 9.4 % Gross profit 6,567 5,970 5,676 5,378 5,009 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 1,919 1,635 1,864 1,064 1,457 Income after income taxes Continuing operations 1,403 1,130 1,263 823 989 Discontinued operations — 72 — — 1 Net income 1,403 1,202 1,263 823 990 Financial Position Working capital 1,917 3,631 4,492 3,065 2,438 Days sales outstanding for: (1) Customer receivables 24 25 25 24 22 Inventories 31 31 34 31 33 Drafts and accounts payable 49 47 48 43 44 Total assets 33,093 30,886 28,189 25,267 24,603 Total debt, including capital lease obligations 3,980 4,004 2,297 2,512 1,797 Stockholders’ equity 6,831 7,220 7,532 6,193 6,121 Property acquisitions 225 233 199 195 195 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 1,156 292 18 358 610 Common Share Information Common shares outstanding at year-end 235 252 271 271 277 Shares on which earnings per common share were based Diluted 251 263 273 279 298 Basic 246 258 269 275 291 Diluted earnings per common share (2) Continuing operations $ 5.59 $ 4.29 $ 4.62 $ 2.95 $ 3.32 Discontinued operations — 0.28 — — — Total 5.59 4.57 4.62 2.95 3.32 Cash dividends declared 202 188 131 134 70 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.80 0.72 0.48 0.48 0.24 Book value per common share (2) (3) 29.07 28.65 27.79 22.87 22.10 Market value per common share – year end 87.77 79.05 65.72 35.04 52.37 Supplemental Data Capital employed (4) 10,811 11,224 9,829 8,705 7,918 Debt to capital ratio (5) 36.8 % 35.7 % 23.4 % 28.9 % 22.7 % Net debt to net capital employed (6) 10.8 % 5.1 % (23.5 )% 6.1 % 6.6 % Average stockholders’ equity (7) 7,108 7,105 6,768 6,214 6,344 Return on stockholders’ equity (8) 19.7 % 16.9 % 18.7 % 13.2 % 15.6 % Footnotes to Five-Year Highlights: (1) Based on year-end balances and sales or cost of sales for the last 90 days of the year. (2) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. (3) Represents stockholders’ equity divided by year-end common shares outstanding. (4) Consists of the sum of total debt and stockholders’ equity. (5) Ratio is computed as total debt divided by capital employed. (6) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash and cash equivalents (“net debt”), divided by the sum of net debt and stockholders’ equity (“net capital employed”). (7) Represents a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. (8) Ratio is computed as net income divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. 27 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. GENERAL Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, referred to as the Financial Review, is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. See Item 1 – Business – Forward-Looking Statements in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors relating to these statements; also see Item 1A – Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a list of certain risk factors applicable to our business, financial condition and results of operations. We conduct our business through two operating segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. See Financial Note 22, “Segments of Business,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of these segments. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview: Years Ended March 31, Change (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 Revenues $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 10% 3% Gross Profit $ 6,567 $ 5,970 $ 5,676 10% 5% Operating Expenses 4,269 3,936 3,688 8 7 Litigation Charges (Credit), Net 149 213 (20) (30) — Total Operating Expenses 4,418 4,149 3,668 6 13 Other Income, Net 21 36 43 (42) (16) Interest Expense (251) (222) (187) 13 19 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 1,919 1,635 1,864 17 (12) Income Tax Expense (516) (505) (601) 2 (16) Income from Continuing Operations 1,403 1,130 1,263 24 (11) Discontinued Operation – gain on sale, net of tax — 72 — — — Net Income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 17 (5) Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Continuing Operations $ 5.59 $ 4.29 $ 4.62 30% (7)% Discontinued Operation — 0.28 — — — Total $ 5.59 $ 4.57 $ 4.62 22 (1) Weighted Average Diluted Common Shares 251 263 273 (5)% (4)% Revenues increased over each of the last two years primarily reflecting market growth in our Distribution Solutions segment, which accounted for approximately 97% of our consolidated revenues. Additionally, revenues for 2012 and 2011 benefited from our December 30, 2010 acquisition of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. (“US Oncology”). 28 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Gross profit and gross profit margin increased over each of the last two years. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased 2 basis points (“bp”) to 5.35% in 2012 and 11 bp to 5.33% in 2011. Gross profit margin increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to the addition of US Oncology, higher generics income in our Distribution Solutions segment and an increase in higher margin revenues in our Technology Solutions segment. These increases were partially offset by a decline in sell margin and by a $51 million benefit in 2011 associated with the receipt of our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer in our Distribution Solutions segment. Gross profit margin increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to an increase in buy margin, higher generics income and the receipt of $51 million from an antitrust class action settlement in our Distribution Solutions segment. These increases were partially offset by a decline in our Technology Solutions segment margin, which included a $72 million asset impairment charge. Operating expenses increased over each of the last two years primarily reflecting an increase in expenses associated with supporting our higher revenues, the addition of US Oncology, and higher employee compensation and benefits costs, which includes expenses associated with our Profit Sharing Investment Plan (“PSIP”). Operating expenses were also impacted by Average Wholesale Price (“AWP”) litigation charges of $149 million and $213 million in 2012 and 2011. Our litigation charges and PSIP expense are more fully described under the caption “Operating Expenses” in this Financial Review. Other income, net was $21 million, $36 million and $43 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010. In 2011, other income, net includes the receipt of $16 million representing the reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense by the former shareholders of US Oncology. In 2010, other income, net includes a $17 million pre-tax gain ($14 million after-tax) from the sale of our 50% equity interest in McKesson Logistic Solutions, LLC (“MLS”). Interest expense increased over each of the last two years primarily due to the assumption of US Oncology’s debt and the subsequent refinancing of the debt, which includes $25 million of bridge loan financing fees incurred in 2011. Additionally, 2011 interest expense benefited from repayment of $215 million of long-term debt in March 2010. Our reported income tax rates were 26.9%, 30.9% and 32.2% in 2012, 2011 and 2010. Fluctuations in our reported income tax rates are primarily due to changes within our business mix, including varying proportions of income attributable to foreign countries that have lower income tax rates. In addition, in 2012, 2011 and 2010, income tax expense includes $66 million, $34 million and $7 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily relates to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest. Included in the 2012 discrete tax benefit, is a $31 million credit to income tax expense as a result of the reversal of an income tax reserve relating to our AWP litigation. Net income was $1,403 million, $1,202 million and $1,263 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010, and diluted earnings per common share were $5.59, $4.57 and $4.62. Net income for 2012 and 2011 includes after-tax AWP litigation charges of $60 million and $149 million. Additionally, net income for 2011 includes a $72 million after-tax gain (or $0.28 per diluted share) on the sale of our Technology Solutions segment’s wholly-owned subsidiary, McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited (“MAP”), which was sold in July 2010. Historical financial results for this subsidiary were not material. Diluted earnings per common share were favorably affected by decreases in our weighted average shares outstanding due to the cumulative effect of share repurchases over the past three years. Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding decreased over each of the last two years due to our share repurchases. In 2012, 2011, and 2010, we repurchased 20 million, 29 million and 8 million of our common shares. 29 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Revenues: Years Ended March 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 Distribution Solutions Direct distribution & services $ 85,523 $ 77,554 $ 72,210 10% 7% Sales to customers’ warehouses 20,453 18,631 21,435 10 (13) Total U.S. pharmaceutical distribution & services 105,976 96,185 93,645 10 3 Canada pharmaceutical distribution & services 10,303 9,784 9,072 5 8 Medical-Surgical distribution & services 3,145 2,920 2,861 8 2 Total Distribution Solutions 119,424 108,889 105,578 10 3 Technology Solutions Services 2,594 2,483 2,439 4 2 Software & software systems 596 590 571 1 3 Hardware 120 122 114 (2) 7 Total Technology Solutions 3,310 3,195 3,124 4 2 Total Revenues $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 10 3 Revenues increased 10% to $122.7 billion in 2012 and 3% to $112.1 billion in 2011. The increase in revenues in each year primarily reflects market growth in our Distribution Solutions segment, which accounted for approximately 97% of our consolidated revenues, and our acquisition of US Oncology. Direct distribution and services revenues increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to market growth, which includes growing drug utilization and price increases, and from our acquisition of US Oncology. These increases were partially offset by price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversions. Direct distribution and services revenues increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to market growth, the effect of a shift of revenues from sales to customers’ warehouses to direct store delivery, the lapping of which was completed in the third quarter of 2011, and due to our acquisition of US Oncology. These increases were partially offset by a decline in demand associated with the flu season and the impact of price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversions. Sales to customers’ warehouses for 2012 increased compared to 2011 primarily due to a new customer and new business with existing customers. Sales to customers’ warehouses for 2011 decreased compared to 2010 primarily reflecting reduced revenues associated with existing customers, the effect of a shift of revenues to direct store delivery, the lapping of which was completed in the third quarter of 2011, and the impact of price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversions. Sales to retail customers’ warehouses represent large volume sales of pharmaceuticals primarily to a limited number of large self-warehousing retail chain customers whereby we order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and subsequently deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers’ warehouses. This distribution method is typically not marketed or sold by the Company as a stand-alone service; rather, it is offered as an additional distribution method for our large retail chain customers that have an internal self-warehousing distribution network. Sales to customers’ warehouses provide a benefit to these customers because they can utilize the Company as one source for both their direct-to-store business and their warehouse business. We generally have significantly lower gross profit margins on sales to customers’ warehouses as we pass much of the efficiency of this low cost-to-serve model on to the customer. These sales do, however, contribute to our gross profit dollars. 30 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) The customer mix of revenues from our U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution business was as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Direct Sales Retail Chains 34% 33% 32% Institutions 34 34 32 Independents 11 12 12 Subtotal 79 79 76 Sales to retail customers’ warehouses 21 21 24 Total 100% 100% 100% As previously described, a limited number of our large retail chain customers purchase products through both our direct and warehouse distribution methods, the latter of which generally has a significantly lower gross profit margin due to the low cost-to-serve model. When evaluating and pricing customer contracts, we do so based on our assessment of total customer profitability. As a result, we do not evaluate our performance or allocate resources based on sales to customers’ warehouses or gross profit associated with such sales. Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues increased 5% in 2012 compared to 2011. Excluding a favorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation of 2% during 2012, revenues increased primarily due to market growth, five additional sales days and a small acquisition in the second quarter of 2011, partially offset by government-imposed price reduction for generic pharmaceuticals in certain provinces. Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues increased 8% in 2011 compared to 2010. Excluding a favorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation of 7% during 2011, revenues increased 1% in 2011. Canadian revenues for 2011 increased due to market growth, offset by a government-imposed price reduction for generic pharmaceuticals in certain provinces and the impact of price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversions. Medical-Surgical distribution and services revenues increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to market growth, new customers and five additional sales days. Medical-Surgical distribution and services revenues increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to market growth, partially offset by a decrease in demand associated with the flu season. Technology Solutions revenues increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to higher revenues for claims processing, increased revenues associated with the sale and installation of our software products, an increase in maintenance revenues from new and existing customers and a number of small acquisitions made during 2012. Technology Solutions revenues increased slightly in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to an increase in maintenance revenues from new and existing customers, increased revenues associated with the sale and installation of our software products and higher revenues for claims processing, partially offset by the sale of MAP in July 2010. Gross Profit: Years Ended March 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 Gross Profit Distribution Solutions (1) $ 5,057 $ 4,565 $ 4,219 11% 8% Technology Solutions (2) 1,510 1,405 1,457 7 (4) Total $ 6,567 $ 5,970 $ 5,676 10 5 Gross Profit Margin Distribution Solutions 4.23% 4.19% 4.00% 4bp 19bp Technology Solutions 45.62 43.97 46.64 165 (267) Total 5.35 5.33 5.22 2 11 (1) Gross profit of our Distribution Solutions segment for 2011 includes a credit of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (2) Gross profit of our Technology Solutions segment for 2012 and 2011 includes a $31 million product alignment charge and a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale. 31 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Gross profit increased 10% to $6.6 billion in 2012 and 5% to $6.0 billion in 2011. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased by 2 bp in 2012 and by 11 bp in 2011. Gross profit margin increased in 2012 primarily reflecting higher gross profit margins from both of our operating segments and increased in 2011 primarily reflecting higher gross profit margin from our Distribution Solutions segment. Distribution Solutions segment’s gross profit margin increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to our acquisition of US Oncology and increased sales of higher margin generic drugs, partially offset by a decline in sell margin and the receipt of $51 million in 2011 representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer. Distribution Solutions segment’s gross profit margin increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to higher buy margin, increased sales of higher margin generic drugs and due to our acquisition of US Oncology, partially offset by a decline in demand associated with the flu season and a decrease in sell margin. Our Distribution Solutions segment’s 2011 gross profit margin was also favorably affected by the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer. Buy margin primarily reflects volume and timing of compensation from branded pharmaceutical manufacturers. Our last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) net inventory expense was $11 million in 2012, $3 million in 2011 and $8 million for 2010. Our Distribution Solutions segment uses the LIFO method of accounting for the majority of its inventories, which results in cost of sales that more closely reflects replacement cost than under other accounting methods. The practice in the Distribution Solutions segment’s distribution businesses is to pass on to customers published price changes from suppliers. Manufacturers generally provide us with price protection, which limits price-related inventory losses. Price declines on many generic pharmaceutical products in this segment over the last few years have moderated the effects of inflation in other product categories, which resulted in minimal overall price changes in those years. During 2012, we experienced a decline in deflationary trends in generic pharmaceuticals as a result of a reduction in generic product launches as compared to the prior year. Additional information regarding our LIFO accounting is included under the caption “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates,” included in this Financial Review. Technology Solutions segment’s gross profit margin increased in 2012 compared to 2011, primarily due to an increase in higher margin revenues, a $72 million asset impairment charge related to our Horizon Enterprise Management TM (“HzERM”) software product in 2011 and lower amortization expense related to HzERM. These increases were partially offset by product alignment charges of $31 million in 2012. Technology Solutions segment’s gross profit margin decreased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to a $72 million asset impairment charge related to HzERM, the sale of MAP and continued investment in our clinical and enterprise revenue management solutions products, partially offset by a shift to higher margin revenue. During the third quarter of 2012, we approved a plan to align our hospital clinical and revenue cycle healthcare software products within our Technology Solutions segment. As part of this alignment strategy, we will be converging our core clinical and revenue cycle Horizon and Paragon product lines onto Paragon’s Microsoft ® –based platform over time. Additionally, we have stopped development of our HzERM software product. The plan resulted in a pre-tax charge of $51 million in 2012, of which $31 million was recorded to cost of sales and $20 million was recorded to operating expenses within our Technology Solutions segment. The majority of these charges were incurred in the third quarter of 2012. The pre-tax charge includes $24 million of non-cash asset impairment charges, primarily for the write-off of prepaid licenses and commissions and capitalized internal use software that were determined to be obsolete as they would not be utilized going forward, $10 million for severance, $7 million for customer allowances and $10 million for other charges. 32 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Our capitalized software held for sale is amortized over three years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. At the end of the second quarter of 2010, our HzERM software product became generally available. In October 2010, we decreased our estimated revenues over the next 24 months for our HzERM software product and, as a result, concluded that the estimated future revenues, net of estimated related costs, were insufficient to recover its carrying value. Accordingly, we recorded a $72 million non-cash impairment charge in the second quarter of 2011 within our Technology Solutions segment’s cost of sales to reduce the carrying value of the software product to its net realizable value. Operating Expenses: Years Ended March 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 Operating Expenses Distribution Solutions (1) $ 2,854 $ 2,673 $ 2,260 7% 18% Technology Solutions 1,151 1,108 1,077 4 3 Corporate 413 368 351 12% 5 Subtotal 4,418 4,149 3,688 6 13 Litigation Credit, Net — — (20) — — Total $ 4,418 $ 4,149 $ 3,668 6 13 Operating Expenses as a Percentage of Revenues Distribution Solutions 2.39% 2.45% 2.14% (6)bp 31bp Technology Solutions 34.77 34.68 34.48 9 20 Total 3.60 3.70 3.37 (10) 33 (1) Operating expenses for 2012 and 2011 include $149 million and $213 million of AWP litigation charges. Operating expenses increased 6% to $4.4 billion in 2012 and 13% to $4.1 billion in 2011. Operating expenses include pre-tax charges of $149 million and $213 million in 2012 and 2011 relating to our AWP litigation and a pre-tax credit of $20 million in 2010 relating to our securities litigation matter. Operating expenses increased in 2012 primarily due to the addition of US Oncology, higher employee compensation and benefits costs and an increase in expenses associated with supporting higher revenues, partially offset by a lower AWP litigation charge. Operating expenses increased in 2011 primarily due to the AWP litigation charge, higher costs associated with employee compensation and benefits, including our Profit Sharing Investment Plan (“PSIP”), and the acquisition of US Oncology. The McKesson Corporation PSIP was a member of the settlement class in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action. On April 27, 2009, the court issued an order approving the distribution of the settlement funds. On October 9, 2009, the PSIP received approximately $119 million of the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action proceeds. Approximately $42 million of the proceeds were attributable to the allocated shares of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP participants during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and were allocated to the respective participants on that basis in the third quarter of 2010. Approximately $77 million of the proceeds were attributable to the unallocated shares (the “Unallocated Proceeds”) of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP in an employee stock ownership plan (“ESOP”) suspense account. In accordance with the plan terms, the PSIP distributed all of the Unallocated Proceeds to current PSIP participants after the close of the plan year in April 2010. The receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP was reimbursement for the loss in value of the Company’s common stock held by the PSIP in its ESOP suspense account during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and was not a contribution made by the Company to the PSIP or ESOP. Accordingly, there were no accounting consequences to the Company’s financial statements relating to the receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP. As a result of the PSIP’s receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds, in 2010 the Company contributed $1 million to the PSIP. Accordingly, PSIP expense for 2010 was nominal. Commencing in 2011, the Company resumed its contributions to the PSIP. 33 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) PSIP expense by segment for the last three years was as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Distribution Solutions $ 22 $ 23 $ — Technology Solutions 30 32 1 Corporate 6 4 — PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 Cost of sales (1) $ 17 $ 17 $ — Operating expenses 41 42 1 PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 (1) Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment. Acquisition-related expenses were primarily incurred in 2012 and 2011 to acquire and integrate US Oncology. Acquisition-related expenses are generally recorded within operating expenses. In 2011, we incurred $25 million of bridge loan fees in connection with our acquisition of US Oncology, which were accounted as interest expense in Corporate, and we received reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense from former shareholders of US Oncology of $16 million, which was accounted as other income. Acquisition-related expenses were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Operating Expenses: Distribution Solutions $ 24 $ 41 $ — Technology Solutions 6 — — Corporate 1 2 — Total 31 43 — Other Income: reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense from former US Oncology shareholders — (16) — Interest Expense: bridge loan fees — 25 — Total Acquisition-related Expenses $ 31 $ 52 $ — Amortization expense of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions (“acquisition-related amortization”) increased by $59 million to $191 million in 2012 and by $11 million to $132 million in 2011 compared to same periods a year ago. The increases were primarily due to our acquisition of US Oncology. Acquisition-related amortization was as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Cost of Sales: Distribution Solutions $ 1 $ — $ 1 Technology Solutions 19 16 20 Total 20 16 21 Operating Expenses: Distribution Solutions 120 70 53 Technology Solutions 51 46 47 Total 171 116 100 Total Acquisition-related Amortization $ 191 $ 132 $ 121 34 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Distribution Solutions segment’s operating expenses increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily reflecting the addition of US Oncology, higher employee compensation and benefits expenses and an increase in expenses associated with supporting higher revenues, partially offset by a lower AWP litigation charge. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to operating leverage, partially offset by the addition of US Oncology. Distribution Solutions segment’s operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to the AWP litigation charge of $213 million in 2011, higher employee compensation and benefits expenses, including PSIP expenses, the addition of US Oncology and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company has a reserve relating to AWP public entity claims, which is reviewed at least quarterly and whenever events or circumstances indicate changes, including consideration of the pace and progress of discussions relating to potentially resolving other public entity claims. Pre-tax charges relating to changes in the Company’s AWP litigation reserve, including accrued interest, are recorded in the Distribution Solutions segment. The Company’s AWP litigation reserve is included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In view of the number of outstanding cases and expected future claims, and the uncertainties of the timing and outcome of this type of litigation, it is possible that the ultimate costs of these matters may exceed or be less than the reserve. The following is the activity related to the AWP litigation reserve for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period $ 330 $ 143 $ 143 Charges incurred 149 213 — Payments made (26) (26) — AWP litigation reserve at end of period $ 453 $ 330 $ 143 The charges for 2012 primarily related to the Douglas County, Kansas Action settlement and the state and federal Medicaid claims. The charges for 2011 primarily related to state and federal Medicaid claims. On April 3, 2012, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the United States Department of Justice to resolve the federal share of Medicaid claims related to AWP. The total settlement amount of $191 million, which includes interest, was paid on April 9, 2012. Refer to Financial Note 19, “Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Technology Solutions segment’s operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to continued investment in research and development activities, a number of small acquisitions in 2012 and a charge of $20 million for a product alignment plan. These increases were partially offset by cost containment efforts. Technology Solutions segment’s operating expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to our increased investment in research and development activities and higher employee compensation and benefit costs, which includes PSIP expense, partially offset by the sale of MAP in the second quarter of 2011. Corporate expenses for 2012 increased compared to 2011 primarily due to higher employee compensation and benefits expenses and a charitable contribution. Corporate expenses for 2011 increased compared to 2010 primarily due to higher compensation and benefits costs and an asset impairment charge for certain tangible property. These increases were partially offset by lower fees associated with our accounts receivable facility. As a result of our adoption of a new accounting standard for transfers of financial assets on April 1, 2010, fees associated with our accounts receivable sales facility are recorded in interest expense. Prior to 2011, these fees were recorded in Corporate administrative expenses. 35 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Other Income, Net: Years Ended March 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 Other Income, Net Distribution Solutions $ 16 $ 5 $ 29 220% (83)% Technology Solutions 5 4 5 25 (20) Corporate — 27 9 (100) 200 Total $ 21 $ 36 $ 43 (42) (16) In 2011, other income, net included the receipt of $16 million representing the reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense by the former shareholders of US Oncology, which is recorded in Corporate. In 2010, other income, net included a $17 million pre-tax gain ($14 million after-tax) from the sale of our 50% equity interest in MLS. The gain on sale of our investment in MLS was recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. Segment Operating Profit and Corporate Expenses: Years Ended March 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 Segment Operating Profit (1) Distribution Solutions (2) $ 2,219 $ 1,897 $ 1,988 17% (5)% Technology Solutions 364 301 385 21 (22) Subtotal 2,583 2,198 2,373 18 (7) Corporate Expenses, Net (413) (341) (342) 21 — Litigation Credit, Net — — 20 — — Interest Expense (251) (222) (187) 13 19 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 17 (12) Segment Operating Profit Margin Distribution Solutions 1.86% 1.74% 1.88% 12bp (14)bp Technology Solutions 11.00 9.42 12.32 158 (290) (1) Segment operating profit includes gross profit, net of operating expenses, plus other income, net for our two operating segments. (2) Operating expenses for 2012 and 2011 for our Distribution Solutions segment included $149 million and $213 million of AWP litigation charges. Operating profit margin for our Distribution Solutions segment increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to higher gross profit margin, which included a full year of results from US Oncology, and lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenues, which included a lower AWP litigation charge. Operating profit margin for our Distribution Solutions segment decreased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to higher operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, including a $213 million AWP litigation charge, partially offset by a higher gross profit margin, which included the receipt of $51 million representing our share of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer. Operating profit margin in our Technology Solutions segment increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily reflecting an increase in gross profit margin, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenues. Operating profit margin in our Technology Solutions segment decreased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily reflecting a decrease in gross profit margin, which included the $72 million asset impairment charge, and an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenues. 36 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Corporate expenses, net of other income increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due an increase in operating expenses and a decrease in other income. Corporate expenses, net of other income were flat in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to an increase in operating expenses, which were offset by an increase in other income. Litigation Credit, Net: In 2010, we recorded a net credit of $20 million relating to settlements for a securities litigation. Interest Expense: Interest expense increased in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to the $1.7 billion of long-term debt issued in February 2011 in connection with our acquisition of US Oncology. Interest expense increased in 2011 compared to 2010 primarily due to $25 million of bridge loan fees related to the acquisition of US Oncology, interest expense associated with the assumed debt and the subsequent refinancing of the debt, and fees from our accounts receivable sales facility, which are recorded in interest expense commencing in 2011. These increases were partially offset by lower interest expense due to the repayment of $215 million of our long-term debt in March 2010. Refer to our discussion under the caption “Credit Resources” within this Financial Review for additional information regarding our financing activities. Income Taxes: Our reported income tax rates were 26.9%, 30.9% and 32.2% in 2012, 2011 and 2010. Fluctuations in our reported income tax rates are primarily due to changes within our business mix, including varying proportions of income attributable to foreign countries that have lower income tax rates. In addition, in 2012, 2011 and 2010, income tax expense included $66 million, $34 million and $7 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily relates to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest. Included in the 2012 discrete tax benefit, is a $31 million credit to income tax expense as a result of the reversal of an income tax reserve relating to our AWP litigation. We have received tax assessments of $98 million from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) relating to 2003 through 2006. We disagree with a substantial portion of the tax assessments primarily relating to transfer pricing. We are pursuing administrative relief through the appeals process and an opening conference has been scheduled for May 15, 2012. We have received assessments from the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”) for a total of $169 million related to transfer pricing for 2003 through 2007. Payments of most of the assessments to the CRA have been made to stop the accrual of interest. We have appealed the assessment for 2003 to the Tax Court of Canada and have filed a notice of objection for 2004 through 2007. The trial between McKesson Canada Corporation and the CRA, argued in the Tax Court of Canada, concluded in early February 2012, and we are waiting for the decision. We continue to believe in the merits of our tax positions and that we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results relating to these examinations in our financial statements. However, the final resolution of these issues could result in an increase or decrease to income tax expense. Discontinued Operation: In July 2010, our Technology Solutions segment sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, MAP, a provider of phone and web-based healthcare services in Australia and New Zealand, for net sales proceeds of $109 million. The divestiture generated a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $95 million and $72 million. As a result of the sale, we were able to utilize capital loss carry-forwards for which we previously recorded a valuation allowance of $15 million. The release of the valuation allowance is included as a tax benefit in our after-tax gain on the divestiture. The after-tax gain on disposition was recorded as a discontinued operation in our consolidated statement of operations in 2011. The historical financial operating results and net assets of MAP were not material to our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented . Net Income: Net income was $1,403 million, $1,202 million and $1,263 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010 and diluted earnings per common share were $5.59, $4.57 and $4.62. Net income and diluted earnings per common share for 2012 and 2011 include after-tax AWP litigation charges of $60 million and $149 million, or $0.24 and $0.57 per diluted common share. Net income and diluted earnings per common share for 2010 include an after-tax securities litigation credit of $12 million, or $0.04 per diluted common share. Net income and diluted earnings per common share for 2011 also included an after-tax gain of $72 million, or $0.28 per diluted share relating to our sale of MAP. 37 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Weighted Average Diluted Common Shares Outstanding: Diluted earnings per common share was calculated based on a weighted average number of shares outstanding of 251 million, 263 million and 273 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010. The decreases in the number of weighted average diluted common shares outstanding primarily reflect the cumulative effect of share repurchases over the past three years, partially offset by the exercise and settlement of share-based awards. International Operations International operations accounted for 8.6%, 8.9% and 8.6% of 2012, 2011 and 2010 consolidated revenues. International operations are subject to certain risks, including currency fluctuations. We monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. Additional information regarding our international operations is also included in Financial Note 22, “Segments of Business,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Combinations On December 30, 2010, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of US Oncology for approximately $2.1 billion, consisting of cash consideration of $0.2 billion, net of cash acquired, and the assumption of liabilities with a fair value of $1.9 billion. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. As an integrated oncology company, US Oncology is affiliated with community-based oncologists, and works with patients, hospitals, payers and the medical industry across all phases of the cancer research and delivery continuum. The acquisition of US Oncology expands our existing specialty pharmaceutical distribution business and adds practice management services for oncologists. Financial results for US Oncology have been included in the results of operations within our Distribution Solutions segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011. On March 25, 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Drug Trading Company Limited, the independent banner business of the Katz Group Canada Inc. (“Katz Group”), and Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc., the franchise business of the Katz Group (collectively, “Katz Assets”) for approximately $919 million, net of cash acquired. The total purchase price is subject to change due to working capital adjustments within 60 days of closing. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. The acquisition of the assets from the Drug Trading Company Limited consists of a marketing and purchasing arm of more than 850 independently owned pharmacies in Canada. The acquisition of Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc. consists of the franchise business of providing services to more than 160 independent pharmacies in Canada. Financial results for this acquisition were not included in the results of operations for 2012 as they were not material. These results will be included in the results of operations within our Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services, which is part of our Distribution Solutions segment, beginning in the first quarter of 2013. In April 2012, we purchased the remaining 50% interest in our corporate headquarters building located in San Francisco, California, for total cash of $90 million. The cash paid was funded from cash on hand. We previously held a 50% ownership interest and are the primary tenant in this building. This transaction will be accounted for as a step acquisition, which requires that we re-measure our previously held 50% interest to fair value and record the difference between the fair value and carrying value as a gain in the consolidated statements of operations. The re-measurement to fair value is anticipated to result in a pre-tax gain of approximately $75 million ($46 million after-tax). The pre-tax gain will be recorded within Corporate in the consolidated statements of operations during the quarter ending June 30, 2012. During the last three years, we also completed a number of other smaller acquisitions within both of our operating segments. Financial results for our business acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Purchase prices for our business acquisitions have been allocated based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. 38 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Goodwill recognized for our business acquisitions is generally not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. However, if we acquire the assets of a company, the goodwill may be deductible for tax purposes. The pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions and the results of operations for these acquisitions since the acquisition date have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or an aggregate basis. Refer to Financial Notes 2 and 12, “Business Combinations” and “Debt and Financing Activities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 2013 Outlook Information regarding the Company’s 2013 outlook is contained in our Form 8-K dated April 30, 2012. This Form 8-K should be read in conjunction with the sections Item 1 – Business – Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A – Risk Factors in Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 39 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial condition or results from operations. Below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operating results and financial condition. Other accounting policies are described in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: We provide short-term credit and other customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products and services. Other customer financing primarily relates to guarantees provided to our customers, or their creditors, regarding the repurchase of inventories. We also provide financing to certain customers related to the purchase of pharmacies, which serve as collateral for the loans. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness of our customers and record an allowance in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. In determining the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts, which includes portfolio and specific reserves, the Company reviews accounts receivable aging, industry trends, customer financial strength, credit standing, historical write-off trends and payment history to assess the probability of collection. If the frequency and severity of customer defaults due to our customers’ financial condition or general economic conditions change, our allowance for uncollectible accounts may require adjustment. As a result, we continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation (“CVS”) and Rite Aid Corporation (“Rite Aid”), accounted for approximately 16% and 10% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”) and Rite Aid were approximately 17%, 10% and 9% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. A default in payments, a material reduction in purchases from these, or any other large customer or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Reserve methodologies are assessed annually based on historical losses and economic, business and market trends. In addition, reserves are reviewed quarterly and updated if unusual circumstances or trends are present. We believe the reserves maintained and expenses recorded in 2012 are appropriate and consistent with historical methodologies employed. At this time, we are not aware of any internal process or customer issues that might lead to a significant increase in the foreseeable future in our allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net revenue. At March 31, 2012, trade and notes receivables were $8,735 million prior to allowances of $111 million. In 2012, 2011 and 2010 our provision for bad debts was $30 million, $18 million and $17 million. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, the allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables was 1.3% and 1.5%. An increase or decrease of a hypothetical 0.1% in the 2012 allowance as a percentage of trade and notes receivables would result in an increase or decrease in the provision for bad debts of approximately $9 million. The selected 0.1% hypothetical change does not reflect what could be considered the best or worst case scenarios. Additional information concerning our allowance for doubtful accounts may be found in Schedule II included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 40 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Inventories: We report inventories at the lower of cost or market (“LCM”). Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the LIFO method and the cost of Canadian inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. Total inventories were $10.1 billion and $9.2 billion at March 31, 2012 and 2011. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 88% and 87% of our inventories at March 31, 2012 and 2011. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments, were $107 million and $96 million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recognized net LIFO expense of $11 million, $3 million and $8 million within our consolidated statements of operations, which related to our non-pharmaceutical products. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. We believe that the average cost or FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory ( i.e., “market”). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or market. Primarily due to continued net deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $76 million and $156 million higher than market as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, we recorded a LCM credit of $80 million in 2012 and a LCM charge of $44 million in 2011 within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market. During 2012, we experienced a decline in deflationary trends in generic pharmaceuticals as a result of a reduction in generic product launches as compared to the prior year. In determining whether inventory valuation issues exist, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations and forecasted sales. Shifts in market trends and conditions, changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products or the loss of one or more significant customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. We write down inventories, which are considered excess and obsolete, as a result of these reviews. These factors could make our estimates of inventory valuation differ from actual results. Business Combinations: We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. Several methods may be used to determine the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For intangible assets, we typically use the income method. This method starts with a forecast of all of the expected future net cash flows for each asset. These cash flows are then adjusted to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income method or other methods include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows and the assessment of the asset’s life cycle and the competitive trends impacting the asset, including consideration of any technical, legal, regulatory, or economic barriers to entry. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment as different types of intangible assets will have different useful lives and certain assets may even be considered to have indefinite useful lives. Refer to Financial Note 2, “Business Combinations,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our acquisitions. 41 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Goodwill: As a result of acquiring businesses, we have $5,032 million and $4,364 million of goodwill at March 31, 2012 and 2011. We maintain goodwill assets on our books unless the assets are considered to be impaired. We perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in the Company’s stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component – one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit. Management judgment is involved in determining which components may be combined and changes in these combinations could affect the outcome of the testing. Impairment tests require that we compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of net assets for the reporting units. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we decide that it is appropriate to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform a quantitative assessment, the fair values can be determined using the market, income or cost approach. To estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use a combination of the market approach and the income approach. Under the market approach, we estimate fair value by comparing the business to similar businesses, or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. Under the income approach, we use a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return. In addition, we compare the aggregate fair value of our reporting units to our market capitalization as further corroboration of the fair value. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the goodwill impairment estimation process using the market approach include the selection of appropriate guideline companies, the determination of market value multiples for both the guideline companies and the reporting unit, the determination of applicable premiums and discounts based on any differences in marketability between the business and the guideline companies and for the income approach, the required rate of return used in the discounted cash flow method, which reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. Other estimates inherent in both the market and income approaches include long-term growth rates, projected revenues and earnings and cash flow forecasts for the reporting units. Estimates of fair value result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions at a point in time. The judgments made in determining an estimate of fair value may materially impact our results of operations. The valuations are based on information available as of the impairment review date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. Any changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, a further deterioration in the market or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates and could potentially result in an impairment charge. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we concluded that there were no impairments of goodwill as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. Supplier Incentives: Fees for service and other incentives received from suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, are generally reported as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory. 42 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Supplier Reserves: We establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. We evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, supplier reserves were $115 million and $102 million. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claims may be different from our estimate. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2012 and 2011 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment. An increase or decrease in the supplier reserve as a hypothetical 0.1% of trade payables at March 31, 2012 would result in an increase or decrease in the cost of sales of approximately $16 million in 2012. The selected 0.1% hypothetical change does not reflect what could be considered the best or worst case scenarios. Income Taxes: Our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management’s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and in evaluating income tax uncertainties. We review our tax positions at the end of each quarter and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative net operating losses in the most recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. In estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future federal, state and foreign pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses. We had deferred income tax assets (net of valuation allowances) of $1,335 million and $1,297 million at March 31, 2012 and 2011 and deferred tax liabilities of $2,495 million and $2,261 million. Deferred tax assets primarily consist of net loss and credit carryforwards and timing differences on our compensation and benefit related accruals. Deferred tax liabilities primarily consist of basis differences for inventory valuation (including inventory valued at LIFO) and other assets. We established valuation allowances of $101 million and $99 million for 2012 and 2011 against certain deferred tax assets, which primarily relate to federal, state and foreign loss carryforwards for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Should tax laws change, including those laws pertaining to LIFO, our cash flows could be materially impacted. If our assumptions and estimates described above were to change, an increase/decrease of 1% in our effective tax rate as applied to income from continuing operations would have increased/decreased tax expense by approximately $19 million, or $0.08 per diluted share, for 2012. Share-Based Compensation: Our compensation programs include share-based compensation. We account for all share-based compensation transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. We estimate the grant-date fair value of employee stock options using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model. Our estimates of employee stock option values rely on estimates of factors we input into the model. The key factors involve an estimate of future uncertain events. The key factors influencing the estimation process, among others, are the expected life of the option, the expected stock price volatility and the expected dividend yield. In determining the expected life of the option, we primarily use historical experience as our best estimate of future exercise patterns. We use a combination of historical and implied market volatility to determine the expected stock price volatility factor. We believe that this market-based input provides a better estimate of our future stock price movements and is consistent with employee stock option valuation considerations. Once the fair values of employee stock options are determined, current accounting practices do not permit them to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual experience. 43 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In addition, we develop an estimate of the number of share-based awards, which will ultimately vest primarily based on historical experience. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a material effect on share-based compensation expense. If the actual forfeiture rate materially differs from the estimated forfeiture rate, then an adjustment is made to revise the estimated forfeiture rate, which will result in an increase or decrease to the expense recognized in the financial statements. We re-assess the estimated forfeiture rate established upon grant periodically throughout the requisite service period. As required, the forfeiture estimates will be adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures when an award vests. The actual forfeitures in future reporting periods could be materially higher or lower than our current estimates. Our assessments of estimated share-based compensation charges are affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables and the related tax impact. These variables include the volatility of our stock price, employee stock option exercise behavior, timing, number and types of annual share-based awards and the attainment of performance goals. As a result, the future share-based compensation expense may differ from the Company’s historical amounts. Loss Contingencies: We are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate. FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES We expect our available cash generated from operations, together with our existing sources of liquidity from our accounts receivable sales facility and short-term borrowings under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper, will be sufficient to fund our long-term and short-term capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. In addition, from time-to-time, we may access the long-term debt capital markets to discharge our other liabilities. Net cash flow from operating activities was $2,950 million in 2012 compared to $2,338 million in 2011 and $2,316 million in 2010. Operating activities for 2012 reflect an increase in drafts and accounts payable primarily associated with longer payment terms for certain purchases, partially offset by an increase in receivables and higher inventories primarily associated with revenue growth. Operating activities for 2011 reflect an increase in receivables primarily associated with revenue growth, partially offset by improved management of inventories and longer payment terms for certain purchases. Operating activities for 2010 were primarily affected by improved management of drafts and accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in inventories due to our revenue growth and the AWP litigation private payer settlement payments of $350 million. 44 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Cash flows from operations can be significantly impacted by factors such as the timing of receipts from customers and payments to vendors. Net cash used in investing activities was $1,502 million in 2012 compared to $624 million in 2011 and $309 million in 2010. Investing activities for 2012 included $1,156 million of cash payments for acquisitions, including $919 million for our acquisition of the Katz Assets. Investing activities in 2012 also included $225 million and $178 million in capital expenditures for property acquisitions and capitalized software. Investing activities for 2011 included $292 million of cash payments for acquisitions, including $244 million for our acquisition of US Oncology, and $109 million of cash received from the sale of MAP. Investing activities in 2011 also included $233 million and $155 million in capital expenditures for property acquisitions and capitalized software. Investing activities for 2010 included $199 million and $179 million in capital expenditures for property acquisitions and capitalized software and the release of $55 million of restricted cash from escrow related to the AWP private litigation settlement payments. Financing activities utilized cash of $1,905 million in 2012 compared to $1,841 million in 2011 and $421 million in 2010. Financing activities for 2012 included $1,850 million of cash paid for share repurchases, $400 million of cash paid on the maturity of our 7.75% Notes in February 2012, $195 million of dividends paid, $400 million of cash receipts from secured borrowings and $167 million of cash receipts from employees’ exercises of stock options. Financing activities for 2011 reflect $1,689 million of cash received from the issuance of long-term debt. In February 2011, we issued $600 million of 3.25% notes due 2016, $600 million of 4.75% notes due 2021, and $500 million of 6.00% notes due 2041. Net proceeds from the issuance of the long-term notes, after discounts and offering expenses, were used to pay off the $1,730 million of debt assumed as part of the acquisition of US Oncology. Also as part of our acquisition of US Oncology, we borrowed $1,000 million for bridge financing which was fully repaid by February 2011. Financing activities for 2011 also included $2,050 million of cash paid for share repurchases, $171 million of cash paid for dividends and $367 million of cash receipts from employees’ exercises of stock options. Financing activities for 2010 included $323 million of cash paid for share repurchases and $218 million of cash paid on our long-term debt, which primarily consisted of $215 million paid on the maturity of our 9.13% Series C Senior Notes in March 2010, $131 million of cash paid for dividends and $212 million of cash receipts from employees’ exercises of stock options. The Company’s Board has authorized the repurchase of McKesson’s common stock from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations and other market and economic conditions. The Board authorized the repurchase of the Company’s common stock as follows: $1.0 billion in April 2010, $1.0 billion in October 2010, $1.0 billion in April 2011 and $650 million in January 2012. Total share repurchases transacted through ASR programs and open market transactions over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2012 2011 2010 Number of shares repurchased (1) 20 29 8 Average price paid per share $ 83.47 $ 69.62 $ 41.47 Total value of shares repurchased $ 1,850 $ 2,032 $ 299 (1) Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. 45 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) In 2012 and 2011, the majority of our share repurchases were transacted through a number of ASR programs with third party financial institutions as follows: $1.0 billion in May 2010, $275 million in March 2011, $650 million in May 2011 and $1.2 billion in March 2012. In 2010, all of our share repurchases were conducted through open market transactions. All programs were funded with cash on hand. In March 2012, we entered into an ASR program with a third party financial institution to repurchase $1.2 billion of the Company’s common stock. As of March 31, 2012, we had received 12 million shares representing the minimum number of shares due under this program, and the average price paid per share of $87.19 was based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock less a discount calculated as of March 31, 2012. The total number of shares to be ultimately repurchased by us and the final settlement price per share will be determined at the completion of this program based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock during the program, less a discount. This program is anticipated to be completed no later than the second quarter of 2013. In April 2012, the Board authorized the repurchase of an additional $700 million of the Company’s common stock, bringing the total authorization outstanding to $1.0 billion. Although we believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets, current access to capital and credit markets, including our existing credit and sales facilities, will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. Selected Measures of Liquidity and Capital Resources: March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,149 $ 3,612 $ 3,731 Working capital 1,917 3,631 4,492 Debt, net of cash and cash equivalents 831 392 (1,434) Debt to capital ratio (1) 36.8% 35.7% 23.4% Net debt to net capital employed (2) 10.8% 5.1% (23.5)% Return on stockholders’ equity (3) 19.7% 16.9% 18.7% (1) Ratio is computed as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and stockholders’ equity. (2) Ratio is computed as total debt, net of cash and cash equivalents (“net debt”), divided by the sum of net debt and stockholders’ equity (“net capital employed”). (3) Ratio is computed as net income for the last four quarters, divided by a five-quarter average of stockholders’ equity. Our cash and equivalents balance as of March 31, 2012 included approximately $1.4 billion of cash held by our subsidiaries outside of the United States. Our primary intent is to utilize this cash in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time. Although the vast majority of cash held outside the United States is available for repatriation, doing so could subject us to U.S. federal, state and local income tax. During the fourth quarter of 2011 and pursuant to IRS regulations, we temporarily borrowed and repaid $1.0 billion of cash held by our subsidiaries outside the United States. The duration of this temporary loan to the United States was less than 60 days. Working capital primarily includes cash and cash equivalents, receivables and inventories, net of drafts and accounts payable, deferred revenue and other current liabilities. Our Distribution Solutions segment requires a substantial investment in working capital that is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Inventory purchase activity is a function of sales activity and other requirements. 46 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Consolidated working capital decreased at March 31, 2012 compared to March 31, 2011 primarily due to increases in drafts and accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, partially offset by increases in receivables and inventories. Consolidated working capital decreased at March 31, 2011 compared to March 31, 2010, primarily due to increases in drafts and accounts payables, other accrued liabilities and the current portion of long-term debt, partially offset by an increase in receivables. Our ratio of net debt to net capital employed increased at March 31, 2012 compared to March 31, 2011 primarily due to a lower cash and cash equivalents balance. Our ratio of net debt to net capital employed increased at March 31, 2011 compared to March 31, 2010 primarily due to an increase in total debt as a result of the US Oncology acquisition. In May 2010, the quarterly dividend was raised from $0.12 to $0.18 per common share and in April 2011, the quarterly dividend was raised from $0.18 to $0.20 per common share. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company’s future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we paid total cash dividends of $195 million, $171 million and $131 million. Contractual Obligations: The table below presents our significant financial obligations and commitments at March 31, 2012: Years (In millions) Total Within 1 Over 1 to 3 Over 3 to 5 After 5 On balance sheet Long-term debt (1) $ 3,580 $ 508 $ 353 $ 1,100 $ 1,619 Other (2) 405 49 180 66 110 Off balance sheet Interest on borrowings (3) 1,787 195 313 269 1,010 Purchase obligations (4) 576 476 90 10 — Operating lease obligations (5) 868 188 280 167 233 Customer guarantees (6) 166 107 35 3 21 Total $ 7,382 $ 1,523 $ 1,251 $ 1,615 $ 2,993 (1) Represents maturities of the Company’s long-term obligations including an immaterial amount of capital lease obligations. (2) Represents our estimated benefit payments for the unfunded benefit plans and minimum funding requirements for the pension plans. (3) Primarily represents interest that will become due on our fixed rate long-term debt obligations. (4) A purchase obligation is defined as an arrangement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the Company. These obligations primarily relate to inventory purchases, capital commitments and service agreements. (5) Represents minimum rental payments for operating leases. (6) Represents primarily agreements with certain of our Canadian customers’ financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of our customers’ inventory or our customers’ debt in the event these customers are unable to meet their obligations to those financial institutions. We also have an agreement with one software customer that, under limited circumstances, may require us to secure standby financing. Because the amount of the standby financing is not explicitly stated, the overall amount of this guarantee cannot reasonably be estimated. At March 31, 2012, the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions, excluding associated interest and penalties, was approximately $504 million. Since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated liability has been excluded from the contractual obligations table. In addition, at March 31, 2012, our banks and insurance companies have issued $86 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds, which were issued on our behalf mostly related to our customer contracts and in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. 47 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Credit Resources: We fund our working capital requirements primarily with cash and cash equivalents, as well as, short-term borrowings under the accounts receivable sales facility, revolving credit facility and from commercial paper issuances. Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility In connection with our execution of an agreement to acquire US Oncology, in November 2010, we entered into a $2.0 billion unsecured Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement (“Bridge Loan”). In December 2010, we reduced the Bridge Loan commitment to $1.0 billion. On January 31, 2011, we borrowed $1.0 billion under the Bridge Loan. On February 28, 2011, we repaid the funds obtained under the Bridge Loan with long-term debt, as further described below, and the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement was terminated. During the time it was outstanding, the Bridge Loan bore interest of 1.76%, which was based on the London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin based on the Company’s credit rating. Bridge Loan fees in 2011 of $25 million were included in interest expense. US Oncology Debt Acquired Upon our purchase of US Oncology in December 2010, we assumed the outstanding debt of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary US Oncology, Inc. Immediately prior to our acquisition, US Oncology Holdings, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Toggle Notes due 2012, and US Oncology, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding 9.125% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 and 10.75% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2014. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we paid interest of $50 million and redeemed these notes, including the remaining accrued interest, for $1,738 million using cash on hand and borrowings under our Bridge Loan. Long-Term Debt On February 28, 2011, we issued 3.25% notes due March 1, 2016 in an aggregate principal amount of $600 million, 4.75% notes due March 1, 2021 in an aggregate principal amount of $600 million and 6.00% notes due March 1, 2041 in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million. Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning on September 1, 2011. We utilized net proceeds, after discounts and offering expenses, of $1,673 million from the issuance of these notes for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings under the Bridge Loan. We repaid our $400 million 7.75% Notes in February 2012 and our $215 million 9.13% Series C Senior notes in March 2010, both of which had matured. Accounts Receivable Sales Facility In May 2011, we renewed our existing accounts receivable sales facility for a one year period under terms substantially similar to those previously in place. The committed capacity of this facility is $1.35 billion, although, from time-to-time, the available amount of this facility may be less than $1.35 billion based on accounts receivable concentration limits and other eligibility requirements. During 2012, we borrowed $400 million under this facility. There were no borrowings in 2011 under this facility. At March 31, 2012, there were $400 million in secured borrowings and $400 million of related securitized accounts receivable outstanding, which are included in short-term borrowings and receivables in the consolidated balance sheets, under this facility. At March 31, 2011 there were no secured borrowings or related securitized accounts receivables outstanding under this facility. The current accounts receivable sales facility will expire in May 2012. We anticipate renewing this facility before its expiration. Additional information regarding our accounts receivable sales facility is included in Financial Notes 1 and 12, “Significant Accounting Policies” and “Debt and Financing Activities,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 48 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Revolving Credit Facility In September 2011, we renewed our existing syndicated $1.3 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in June 2012. This renewed credit facility has terms and conditions substantially similar to those previously in place and matures in September 2016. Borrowings under this renewed credit facility bear interest based upon either the London Interbank Offered Rate or a prime rate. There were no borrowings under this credit facility during 2012, 2011 and 2010. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, there were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. Commercial Paper There were no commercial paper issuances during 2012, 2011 and 2010 and no amount outstanding at March 31, 2012 and 2011. Debt Covenant Our various borrowing facilities and long-term debt are subject to certain covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which cannot exceed 56.5%. For the purpose of calculating the debt to capital ratio under this covenant, borrowings under the accounts receivable sales facility are excluded. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility could be accelerated. As of March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. A reduction in our credit ratings, or the lack of compliance with our covenants, could negatively impact our ability to finance operations or issue additional debt at acceptable interest rates. Funds necessary for future debt maturities and our other cash requirements are expected to be met by existing cash balances, cash flow from operations, existing credit sources and other capital market transactions. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS Information regarding our related party balances and transactions is included in Financial Note 21, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS New accounting pronouncements that we have recently adopted, as well as those that have been recently issued but not yet adopted by us, are included in Financial Note 1, “Significant Accounting Policies,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 49 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Concluded) Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest rate risk: Our long-term debt bears interest predominately at fixed rates, whereas our short-term borrowings are at variable interest rates. If the underlying weighted average interest rate on our variable rate debt were to have changed by a hypothetical 50 bp in 2012, interest expense would not have been materially different from that reported. Our cash and cash equivalents balances earn interest at variable rates. Should interest rates decline, our interest income may be negatively impacted. If the underlying weighted average interest rate on our cash and cash equivalents balances changed by 50 bp in 2012, interest income would have increased or decreased by approximately $18 million. The selected hypothetical change in interest rates does not reflect what could be considered the best or worst case scenarios. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, the net fair value liability of financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately $4.1 billion and $4.3 billion. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was determined using quoted market prices and other inputs that were derived from available market information and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. Fair value is subject to fluctuations based on our performance, our credit ratings, changes in the value of our stock and changes in interest rates for debt securities with similar terms. Foreign exchange risk: We derive revenues and earnings from Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Israel and Mexico, which exposes us to changes in foreign exchange rates. We seek to manage our foreign exchange risk in part through operational means, including managing same currency revenues in relation to same currency costs, and same currency assets in relation to same currency liabilities. Foreign exchange risk is also managed through the use of foreign currency forward-exchange contracts. These contracts are used to offset the potential earnings effects from mostly intercompany foreign currency investments and loans. As of March 31, 2012, a hypothetical adverse 10% change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates would not have had a material impact on our net fair value of financial instruments that have exposure to foreign currency risk. 50 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 52 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 53 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 54 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2012 and 2011 55 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 56 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 57 Financial Notes 58 51 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of McKesson Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2012. Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and has also audited the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2012. This audit report appears on page 53 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. May 2, 2012 /s/ John H. Hammergren John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 52 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of McKesson Corporation: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of McKesson Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2012. Our audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedule (“financial statement schedule”) listed in the Index at Item 15. We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule, and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of McKesson Corporation and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended March 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2012, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. / S / Deloitte & Touche LLP San Francisco, California May 2, 2012 53 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except per share amounts) Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Revenues $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Cost of Sales 116,167 106,114 103,026 Gross Profit 6,567 5,970 5,676 Operating Expenses Selling 764 767 746 Distribution 997 920 882 Research and development 440 407 376 Administrative 2,068 1,842 1,684 Litigation charges (credit), net 149 213 (20) Total Operating Expenses 4,418 4,149 3,668 Operating Income 2,149 1,821 2,008 Other Income, Net 21 36 43 Interest Expense (251) (222) (187) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 1,919 1,635 1,864 Income Tax Expense (516) (505) (601) Income from Continuing Operations 1,403 1,130 1,263 Discontinued Operation – gain on sale, net of tax — 72 — Net Income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Continuing operations $ 5.59 $ 4.29 $ 4.62 Discontinued operation – gain on sale — 0.28 — Total $ 5.59 $ 4.57 $ 4.62 Basic Continuing operations $ 5.70 $ 4.37 $ 4.70 Discontinued operation – gain on sale — 0.28 — Total $ 5.70 $ 4.65 $ 4.70 Weighted Average Common Shares Diluted 251 263 273 Basic 246 258 269 See Financial Notes 54 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except per share amounts) March 31, 2012 2011 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,149 $ 3,612 Receivables, net 9,977 9,187 Inventories, net 10,073 9,225 Prepaid expenses and other 404 333 Total Current Assets 23,603 22,357 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 1,043 991 Goodwill 5,032 4,364 Intangible Assets, Net 1,750 1,456 Other Assets 1,665 1,718 Total Assets $ 33,093 $ 30,886 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current Liabilities Drafts and accounts payable $ 16,114 $ 14,090 Short-term borrowings 400 — Deferred revenue 1,423 1,321 Deferred tax liabilities 1,092 1,037 Current portion of long-term debt 508 417 Other accrued liabilities 2,149 1,861 Total Current Liabilities 21,686 18,726 Long-Term Debt 3,072 3,587 Other Noncurrent Liabilities 1,504 1,353 Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 19) Stockholders’ Equity Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 100 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $0.01 par value, 800 shares authorized at March 31, 2012 and 2011, 373 and 369 shares issued at March 31, 2012 and 2011 4 4 Additional Paid-in Capital 5,571 5,339 Retained Earnings 9,451 8,250 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 5 87 Other 4 10 Treasury Shares, at Cost, 138 and 117 at March 31, 2012 and 2011 (8,204) (6,470) Total Stockholders’ Equity 6,831 7,220 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 33,093 $ 30,886 See Financial Notes 55 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 (In millions, except per share amounts) Additional Paid-in Other Retained Accumulated Other Comprehensive Treasury Common Stock Common Stockholders’ Other Comprehensive Shares Amount Capital Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Shares Amount Equity Income Balances, March 31, 2009 351 $ 4 $ 4,417 $ (8) $ 6,103 $ (179) (80) $ (4,144) $ 6,193 Issuance of shares under employee plans 8 218 (1) (24) 194 Share-based compensation 114 114 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 11 11 Translation adjustments 238 238 $ 238 Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax benefit of $32 (53) (53) (53) Net income 1,263 1,263 1,263 Repurchase of common stock (7) (299) (299) Cash dividends declared, $0.48 per common share (131) (131) Other (4) (4) 1 9 2 Balances, March 31, 2010 359 $ 4 $ 4,756 $ (12) $ 7,236 $ 6 (88) $ (4,458) $ 7,532 $ 1,448 Issuance of shares under employee plans 10 370 (17) 353 Share-based compensation 137 137 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 113 113 Translation adjustments 76 76 $ 76 Net income 1,202 1,202 1,202 Repurchase of common stock (37) (29) (1,995) (2,032) Cash dividends declared, $0.72 per common share (188) (188) Other 22 5 27 5 Balances, March 31, 2011 369 $ 4 $ 5,339 $ 10 $ 8,250 $ 87 (117) $ (6,470) $ 7,220 $ 1,283 Issuance of shares under employee plans 4 167 (1) (24) 143 Share-based compensation 154 154 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 46 46 Translation adjustments (56) (56) $ (56) Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax benefit of $9 (21) (21) (21) Net income 1,403 1,403 1,403 Repurchase of common stock (140) (20) (1,710) (1,850) Cash dividends declared, $0.80 per common share (202) (202) Other 5 (6) (5) (6) (5) Balances, March 31, 2012 373 $ 4 $ 5,571 $ 4 $ 9,451 $ 5 (138) $ (8,204) $ 6,831 $ 1,321 See Financial Notes 56 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Operating Activities Net income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Discontinued operation – gain on sale, net of tax — (72) — Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 140 139 148 Amortization 411 357 326 Provision for bad debts 30 18 17 Other deferred taxes 242 184 161 Share-based compensation expense 154 137 114 Impairment of capitalized software held for sale — 72 — Other non-cash items 66 12 (20) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Receivables (770) (673) (133) Inventories (878) 367 (782) Drafts and accounts payable 2,027 533 1,340 Deferred revenue 66 42 27 Taxes 15 33 88 Litigation charges (credit) 149 213 (20) Litigation settlement payments (26) (26) (350) Deferred tax (benefit) expense on litigation (78) (56) 116 Other (1) (144) 21 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,950 2,338 2,316 Investing Activities Property acquisitions (225) (233) (199) Capitalized software expenditures (178) (155) (179) Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (1,156) (292) (18) Proceeds from sale of businesses — 109 1 Restricted cash for litigation charges (32) — 55 Other 89 (53) 31 Net cash used in investing activities (1,502) (624) (309) Financing Activities Proceeds from short-term borrowings 400 1,000 5 Repayments of short-term borrowings — (1,000) (6) Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt — 1,689 — Repayments of long-term debt (430) (1,730) (218) Common stock transactions: Issuances 167 367 212 Share repurchases, including shares surrendered for tax withholding (1,874) (2,050) (323) Dividends paid (195) (171) (131) Other 27 54 40 Net cash used in financing activities (1,905) (1,841) (421) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) 8 36 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (463) (119) 1,622 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 3,612 3,731 2,109 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 3,149 $ 3,612 $ 3,731 Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for: Interest $ 228 $ 244 $ 188 Income taxes, net of refunds 337 347 234 Non-cash item: Fair value of debt assumed on acquisition $ — $ (1,891) $ — See Financial Notes 57 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES 1. Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations : McKesson Corporation (“McKesson,” the “Company,” the “Registrant” or “we” and other similar pronouns) delivers pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and health care information technologies that make health care safer while reducing costs. We conduct our business through two operating segments, McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions, as further described in Financial Note 22, “Segments of Business.” Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). The consolidated financial statements of McKesson include the financial statements of all wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned or controlled companies. We also evaluate our ownership, contractual and other interests in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities (“VIEs”), if we have a variable interest in those entities and the nature and extent of those interests. These evaluations are highly complex and involve judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions based on available historical information and management’s judgment, among other factors. Based on our evaluations, if we determine we are the primary beneficiary of such VIEs we consolidate such entities into our financial statements. The consolidated VIEs are not material to our consolidated financial statements. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Fiscal Period: The Company’s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company’s fiscal year. Reclassifications : Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Use of Estimates : The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated amounts. Cash and Cash Equivalents : All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Cash is primarily held in non-interest bearing accounts and is fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regardless of the dollar amount. Cash equivalents are primarily invested in AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in US dollars, Canadian government securities and a AAA rated prime money market fund denominated in British pound sterling. The remaining cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions. We mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds. Restricted Cash : Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash and is included within prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, restricted cash was not material. Marketable Securities Available for Sale : We carry our marketable securities, which are available for sale, at fair value and they are included in prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. The net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders’ equity. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, marketable securities were not material. 58 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Concentrations of Credit Risk and Receivables: Our trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our Distribution Solutions segment. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation (“CVS”) and Rite Aid Corporation (“Rite Aid”), accounted for approximately 16% and 10% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”) and Rite Aid were approximately 17%, 10% and 9% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations (“GPOs”), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. The accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the GPOs. A default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from these, or any other large customers or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the institutional, retail and healthcare provider sectors, which can be affected by a downturn in the economy and changes in reimbursement policies. This credit risk is mitigated by the size and diversity of the customer base as well as its geographic dispersion. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. Financing Receivables: We assess and monitor credit risk associated with financing receivables, namely lease and notes receivables, through regular review of our collection experience in determining our allowance for loan losses. On an ongoing basis, we also evaluate credit quality of our financing receivables utilizing aging of receivables and write-offs, as well as consider existing economic conditions, to determine if an allowance is necessary. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, financing receivables and the related allowance were not material to our consolidated financial statements. Inventories: We report inventories at the lower of cost or market (“LCM”). Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method and the cost of Canadian inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 88% and 87% of our inventories at March 31, 2012 and 2011. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments, were $107 million and $96 million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recognized net LIFO expense of $11 million, $3 million and $8 million within our consolidated statements of operations, which related to our non-pharmaceutical products. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. We believe that the average cost or FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory ( i.e. , “market”). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or market. Primarily due to continued net deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $76 million and $156 million higher than market as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, we recorded a LCM credit of $80 million in 2012 and a LCM charge of $44 million in 2011 within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market. 59 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Shipping and Handling Costs: We include all costs to warehouse, pick, pack and deliver inventory to our customers in distribution expenses. Property, Plant and Equipment: We state our property, plant and equipment at cost and depreciate them under the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 30 years. Goodwill: Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component — one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit. Impairment tests require that we compare the carrying value of our reporting units to the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we decide that it is appropriate to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform a quantitative assessment, the fair value of a reporting unit is based upon a number of considerations including projections of revenues, earnings and discounted cash flows and determination of market value multiples for similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. The discount rate used for cash flows reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. In addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units’ fair value to the Company’s market capitalization as a further corroboration of the fair value. The testing requires a complex series of assumptions and judgment by management in projecting future operating results, selecting guideline companies for comparisons and assessing risks. The use of alternative assumptions and estimates could affect the fair values and change the impairment determinations. There were no goodwill impairments during 2012, 2011, or 2010. Intangible Assets: Currently all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are generally amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from one to twenty years. We review identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. There were no material impairments of intangible assets during 2012, 2011 or 2010. Capitalized Software Held for Sale: Development costs for software held for sale, which primarily pertain to our Technology Solutions segment, are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately three years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for sale was $144 million and $152 million, net of accumulated amortization and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Additional information regarding our capitalized software held for sale is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Amounts capitalized $ 47 $ 64 $ 75 Amortization expense 53 75 67 Impairment charge — 72 — Third-party royalty fees paid 95 72 63 60 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use: We capitalize costs of software held for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortize those costs over the assets’ estimated useful lives ranging from one to ten years. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for internal use was $445 million and $446 million, net of accumulated amortization of $902 million and $778 million, and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Insurance Programs: Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers’ compensation and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred as well as for claims incurred but not yet reported. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition: Revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment are recognized when product is delivered and title passes to the customer or when services have been rendered and there are no further obligations to the customer. Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances, rebates and other incentives. Our sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if they can be resold for value or returned to suppliers for full credit. Sales returns are accrued based on estimates at the time of sale to the customer. Sales returns from customers were approximately $1.6 billion in 2012, $1.4 billion in 2011 and $1.2 billion in 2010. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis; that is, they are excluded from revenues. The revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment include large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large customers who warehouse their own product. We order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers’ warehouses. Sales to customers’ warehouses amounted to $20.5 billion in 2012, $18.6 billion in 2011, and $21.4 billion in 2010. We also record revenues for direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Direct store deliveries are shipments from the manufacturer to our customers of a limited category of products that require special handling. We assume the primary liability to the manufacturer for these products. Revenues are recorded gross when we are the primary party obligated in the transaction, take title to and possession of the inventory, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices, assume the risk of loss for collection from customers as well as delivery or return of the product, are responsible for fulfillment and other customer service requirements, or the transactions have several but not all of these indicators. Our Distribution Solutions segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain a combination of various products and services. Revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements based on estimates of fair value and recognized in accordance with the revenue recognition criteria applicable to each element. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement’s revenue is deferred until delivery of the last element has occurred and services have been performed or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. Effective April 1, 2011, revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements, based on the best estimate of selling prices if neither objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling prices exists for all new arrangements or materially modified existing arrangements. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are generated primarily by licensing software and software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows: 61 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion method based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Subscription, content and transaction processing fees are generally marketed under annual and multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the contracted terms beginning on the service start date for fixed fee arrangements and recognized as transactions are performed beginning on the service start date for per-transaction fee arrangements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed. We also offer certain products on an application service provider basis, making our software functionality available on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support, as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an application service provider basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract beginning on the service start date of products hosted. This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value (“VSOE”) exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement’s revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Effective April 1, 2011, we adopted the revised revenue recognition guidance which removed from the scope of software revenue recognition guidance tangible products containing software component and non-software component that function together to deliver the product’s essential functionality. This amended accounting guidance was applied prospectively for all arrangements entered into after April 1, 2011 or materially modified after that date. Our Technology Solutions segment also includes revenues from disease management programs provided to various states’ Medicaid programs. These service contracts include provisions for achieving certain cost-savings and clinical targets. If the targets are not met for certain of these contracts, a portion, or all, of the revenue must be refunded to the customer. We recognize revenue during the term of the contract by assessing actual performance against contractual targets and then determining the amount the customer would be legally obligated to pay if the contract terminated as of the measurement date. These assessments include estimates of medical claims and other data in accordance with the contract methodology. Because complete data is unavailable until six to nine months after the measurement period, there is generally a significant time delay between recording the accrual and the final settlement of the contract. If data is insufficient to assess performance or we have not met the targets, we defer recognition of the revenue. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, we had deferred $3 million and $25 million related to these types of contracts, which was included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. We generally have been successful in achieving performance targets under these agreements. 62 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Supplier Incentives: Fees for service and other incentives received from suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, are generally reported as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory. Supplier Reserves: We establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. We evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, supplier reserves were $115 million and $102 million. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different than our estimate. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2012 and 2011 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment. Income Taxes: We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are considered to be permanently reinvested. Foreign Currency Translation: Our international subsidiaries generally consider their local currency to be their functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses in the stockholders’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2012, 2011 or 2010. Derivative Financial Instruments: Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. We periodically evaluate hedge effectiveness, and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the change included in earnings. Share-Based Compensation: We account for all share-based compensation transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. 63 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Loss Contingencies: We are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate. Business Combinations: We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Revenue Recognition: On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended accounting guidance on a prospective basis for multiple-element arrangements entered into or materially modified on or after April 1, 2011. The amended guidance incorporates the use of a vendor’s best estimate of selling price, if neither vendor specific objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling price exists, to allocate arrangement consideration and eliminates the use of the residual method. Implementation of this new guidance did not have a material impact on reported net revenues as compared to net revenues under previous guidance as the incorporation of the use of a vendor’s best estimate of selling price and the elimination of the residual method for the allocation of arrangement consideration did not materially change how we allocate arrangement consideration to our various products and services or the amount and timing of reported net revenues. On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended guidance for certain revenue arrangements that include software elements. The guidance amends pre-existing software revenue guidance by removing from its scope tangible products that contain both software and non-software components that function together to deliver the product’s functionality. The amended guidance was adopted on a prospective basis for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified on or after April 1, 2011. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 64 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended accounting guidance for vendors who apply the milestone method of revenue recognition to research and development arrangements. The amended guidance applies to arrangements with payments that are contingent, at inception, upon achieving substantively uncertain future events or circumstances. The amended guidance was adopted on a prospective basis for milestones achieved on or after April 1, 2011. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures: In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to clarification on how to measure fair values and additional disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements and the roll-forward activity of Level 3 fair value measurements, which are measured based on significant unobservable inputs. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Goodwill: In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to goodwill impairment testing. The amended guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more likely than not determination as to whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which may then allow a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test depending on the determination. This amended guidance was effective for us commencing in the first quarter of 2013. Early adoption was permitted. The amended guidance was early adopted and did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Multiemployer Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans: In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to an employer’s participation in multiemployer pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which require employers to provide additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures for these types of plans. The amended guidance was adopted on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In June 2011, amended guidance related to the presentation of other comprehensive income was issued. The amended guidance requires that comprehensive income, the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive income be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. While the new guidance changes the presentation of comprehensive income, there are no changes to the components that are recognized in net income or other comprehensive income as determined under current accounting guidance. In December 2011, an amendment to this guidance was issued, which defers the requirement to present reclassification adjustments for each component of other comprehensive income in both net income and other comprehensive income on the face of the financial statements. The amended guidance is effective for us on a retrospective basis commencing in the first quarter of 2013. We do not expect the adoption of the amended guidance to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. In December 2011, disclosure guidance related to the offsetting of assets and liabilities was issued. The guidance requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements for recognized financial and derivative instruments to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. The amended guidance is effective for us on a retrospective basis commencing in the first quarter of 2014. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 2. Business Combinations On December 30, 2010, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. (“US Oncology”) for approximately $2.1 billion, consisting of cash consideration of $0.2 billion, net of cash acquired, and the assumption of liabilities with a fair value of $1.9 billion. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. As an integrated oncology company, US Oncology is affiliated with community-based oncologists, and works with patients, hospitals, payers and the medical industry across all phases of the cancer research and delivery continuum. The acquisition of US Oncology expands our existing specialty pharmaceutical distribution business and adds practice management services for oncologists. Financial results for US Oncology have been included in the results of operations within our Distribution Solutions segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011. 65 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) During the third quarter of 2012, the fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date were completed. The following table summarizes the final amounts of the fair values recognized for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, as well as measurement period adjustments made in the first nine months of 2012 to the amounts initially recorded in 2011. The measurement period adjustments during the first nine months of 2012 did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations, balance sheets or cash flows in any period, and, therefore, we have not retrospectively adjusted our financial statements. (In millions) Amounts Previously Recognized as of Acquisition Date (Provisional) (1) Measurement Period Adjustments Amounts Recognized as of Acquisition Date (Final as Adjusted) Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 662 $ (13) $ 649 Goodwill 808 20 828 Intangible assets 1,007 (14) 993 Other long-term assets 354 (6) 348 Current liabilities (489) (1) (490) Current portion of long-term debt (1,735) — (1,735) Other long-term liabilities (338) 16 (322) Other stockholders’ equity (25) (2) (27) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 244 $ — $ 244 (1) As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $993 million, the fair value of which was determined by using Level 3 inputs, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. Acquired intangible assets primarily consist of $721 million of service agreements and $185 million of customer lists. The estimated weighted average lives of the service agreements, customer lists and total acquired intangible assets are 18 years, 10 years and 16 years. The fair value of the debt acquired was determined primarily by using Level 3 inputs. Refer to Financial Note 12, “Debt and Financing Activities,” for additional information on the assumption and funding of acquired debt. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits to be realized upon integrating the business. On March 25, 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Drug Trading Company Limited, the independent banner business of the Katz Group Canada Inc. (“Katz Group”), and Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc., the franchise business of the Katz Group (collectively, “Katz Assets”) for approximately $919 million, net of cash acquired. The total purchase price is subject to change due to working capital adjustments within 60 days of closing. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. The acquisition of the assets from the Drug Trading Company Limited consists of a marketing and purchasing arm of more than 850 independently owned pharmacies in Canada. The acquisition of Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc. consists of the franchise business of providing services to more than 160 independent pharmacies in Canada. 66 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes the preliminary recording of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: (In millions) Amounts Recognized as of Acquisition Date (Provisional) Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 33 Goodwill 506 Intangible assets 441 Other long-term assets 15 Current liabilities (37) Long-term deferred tax liabilities (39) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 919 Due to the recent timing of the acquisition, these amounts are subject to change within the measurement period as our fair value assessments are finalized. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $441 million, the fair value of which was determined by using Level 3 inputs, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. Acquired intangibles primarily consist of $317 million of service agreements and $114 million of trademarks and trade names. Service agreements, trademarks and trade names and total acquired intangibles assets each has an estimated weighted average life of 20 years. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets of approximately $506 million was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits to be realized upon integrating the business. The amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is $287 million. Financial results for the acquired Katz Assets were not included in the results of operations for 2012 as they were not material. These results will be included in the results of operations within our Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services, which is part of our Distribution Solutions segment, beginning in the first quarter of 2013. During the last three years, we also completed a number of other smaller acquisitions within both of our operating segments. Financial results for our business acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Purchase prices for our business acquisitions have been allocated based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill recognized for our business acquisitions is generally not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. However, if we acquire the assets of a company, the goodwill may be deductible for tax purposes. The pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions and the results of operations for these acquisitions since the acquisition date have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or an aggregate basis. 3. Share-Based Compensation We provide share-based compensation for our employees, officers and non-employee directors, including stock options, an employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance-based restricted stock units (“PeRSUs”) (collectively, “share-based awards”). Most of our share-based awards are granted in the first quarter of each fiscal year. Compensation expense for the share-based awards is recognized for the portion of awards ultimately expected to vest. We estimate the number of share-based awards, which will ultimately vest primarily based on historical experience. The estimated forfeiture rate established upon grant is re-assessed throughout the requisite service period. As required, the forfeiture estimates are adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures when an award vests. The actual forfeitures in future reporting periods could be higher or lower than current estimates. 67 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. There was no material share-based compensation expense capitalized as part of the cost of an asset in 2012, 2011 and 2010. Impact on Net Income The components of share-based compensation expense and related tax benefits are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 RSUs (1) $ 97 $ 79 $ 47 PeRSUs (2) 24 27 39 Stock options 23 22 19 Employee stock purchase plan 10 9 9 Share-based compensation expense 154 137 114 Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense (3) (55) (48) (41) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax $ 99 $ 89 $ 73 (1) This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years’ performance period. (2) Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year’s performance period. (3) Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible. Stock Plans The 2005 Stock Plan provides our employees, officers and non-employee director’s share-based long-term incentives. The 2005 Stock Plan permits the granting of up to 42.5 million shares in the form of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, PeRSUs and other share-based awards. As of March 31, 2012, 9.3 million shares remain available for future grant under the 2005 Stock Plan. Stock Options Stock options are granted at no less than fair market value and those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan generally have a contractual term of seven years and follow a four-year vesting schedule. Compensation expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period and is based on the grant-date fair value for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest. We continue to use the Black-Scholes options-pricing model to estimate the fair value of our stock options. Once the fair value of an employee stock option is determined, current accounting practices do not permit it to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual. The options-pricing model requires the use of various estimates and assumptions as follows: – Expected stock price volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility of our common stock and implied market volatility. We believe that this market-based input provides a better estimate of our future stock price movements and is consistent with employee stock option valuation considerations. – Expected dividend yield is based on historical experience and investors’ current expectations. – The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is based on the constant maturity U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant. – Expected life of the options is based primarily on historical employee stock option exercises and other behavior data and reflects the impact of changes in contractual life of current option grants compared to our historical grants. 68 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee stock options were as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Expected stock price volatility 27% 29% 33% Expected dividend yield 1.0% 1.1% 0.7% Risk-free interest rate 2% 3% 2% Expected life (in years) 5 5 5 The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2012: Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Range of Exercise Prices Number of Options Outstanding At Year End (In millions) Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted- Average Exercise Price Number of Options Exercisable at Year End (In millions) Weighted- Average Exercise Price $ 27.35 - $ 41.02 3 3 $ 38.09 1 $ 36.52 $ 41.03 - $ 54.70 1 1 45.99 1 46.36 $ 54.71 - $ 68.37 3 4 63.01 2 61.20 $ 68.38 - $ 84.41 1 6 83.04 — 74.57 8 4 The following table summarizes stock option activity during 2012, 2011 and 2010: (In millions, except per share data and years) Shares Weighted- Average Exercise Price Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (2) Outstanding, March 31, 2009 19 $ 39.28 3 $ 33 Granted 2 40.59 Exercised (5) 33.34 Outstanding, March 31, 2010 16 $ 41.26 3 $ 394 Granted 1 67.95 Exercised (8) 37.63 Outstanding, March 31, 2011 9 $ 49.01 4 $ 269 Granted 1 83.30 Exercised (2) 42.20 Outstanding, March 31, 2012 8 $ 56.88 4 $ 226 Vested and expected to vest (1) 7 $ 56.71 4 $ 225 Vested and exercisable, March 31, 2012 4 49.86 3 142 (1) The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. (2) The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company’s common stock and the exercise price of “in-the-money” options. 69 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table provides data related to stock option activity: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data and years) 2012 2011 2010 Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $ 20.32 $ 18.37 $ 12.56 Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise $ 108 $ 276 $ 115 Cash received upon exercise $ 113 $ 319 $ 165 Tax benefits realized related to exercise $ 40 $ 106 $ 37 Total fair value of stock options vested $ 23 $ 21 $ 16 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 40 $ 41 $ 37 Weighted-average period in years over which stock option compensation cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 1 RSUs and PeRSUs RSUs, which entitle the holder to receive at the end of a vesting term a specified number of shares of the Company’s common stock, are accounted for at fair value at the date of grant. Total compensation expense for RSUs under our stock plans is determined by the product of the number of shares that are expected to vest and the grant date market price of the Company’s common stock. The Compensation Committee determines the vesting terms at the time of grant. These awards generally vest in three to four years. We recognize expense for RSUs with a single vest date on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We have elected to expense the grant date fair value of RSUs with only graded vesting and service conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Non-employee directors receive an annual grant of RSUs, which vest immediately and are expensed upon grant. The director may choose to receive payment immediately or defer receipt of the underlying shares if they meet director stock ownership guidelines. At March 31, 2012, 128,000 RSUs for our directors are vested, but shares have not been issued. PeRSUs are RSUs for which the number of RSUs awarded may be conditional upon the attainment of one or more performance objectives over a specified period. PeRSUs are accounted for as variable awards until the performance goals are reached and the grant date is established. Total compensation expense for PeRSUs is determined by the product of the number of shares eligible to be awarded and expected to vest, and the market price of the Company’s common stock, commencing at the inception of the requisite service period. During the performance period, the compensation expense for PeRSUs is re-computed using the market price and the performance modifier at the end of a reporting period. At the end of the performance period, if the goals are attained, the awards are granted and classified as RSUs and accounted for on that basis. For PeRSUs granted during or prior to 2009, for which the related RSU grant has multiple vesting dates, we recognize the compensation expense of these awards on a graded vesting basis over the requisite aggregate service period of four years. For PeRSUs granted during or after 2009, for which the related RSU has a single vesting date, we recognize compensation expense of these awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite aggregate service period of four years. 70 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table summarizes RSU activity during 2012, 2011 and 2010: (In millions, except per share data) Shares Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share Nonvested, March 31, 2009 3 $ 54.70 Granted 2 40.94 Vested (1) 50.42 Nonvested, March 31, 2010 4 $ 49.21 Granted 3 67.84 Vested (1) 61.05 Nonvested, March 31, 2011 6 $ 57.79 Granted 2 82.71 Vested (1) 57.95 Nonvested, March 31, 2012 7 $ 65.14 The following table provides data related to RSU activity: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 Total fair value of shares vested $ 44 $ 43 $ 74 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 143 $ 131 $ 61 Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized 3 2 2 In May 2011, the Compensation Committee approved 1 million PeRSU target share units representing the base number of awards that could be granted, if goals are attained, and would be granted in the first quarter of 2013 (the “2012 PeRSU”). These target share units are not included in the table above as they have not been granted in the form of RSUs. As of March 31, 2012, the total pre-tax compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested 2012 PeRSUs not yet recognized was approximately $81 million, (based on the period-end market price of the Company’s common stock) and the weighted-average period over which the cost is expected to be recognized is 3 years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) The Company has an ESPP under which 16 million shares have been authorized for issuance. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions. The deductions occur over three-month purchase periods and the shares are then purchased at 85% of the market price at the end of each purchase period. Employees are allowed to terminate their participation in the ESPP at any time during the purchase period prior to the purchase of the shares. The 15% discount provided to employees on these shares is included in compensation expense. The shares related to funds outstanding at the end of a quarter are included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. These amounts have not been significant. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, 1 million shares were issued under the ESPP and 2 million shares remain available for issuance at March 31, 2012. 71 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 4. Product Alignment and Asset Impairment Charges During the third quarter of 2012, we approved a plan to align our hospital clinical and revenue cycle healthcare software products within our Technology Solutions segment. As part of this alignment strategy, we will be converging our core clinical and revenue cycle Horizon and Paragon product lines onto Paragon’s Microsoft ® –based platform over time. Additionally, we have stopped development of our Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management™ (“HzERM”) software product. The plan resulted in a pre-tax charge of $51 million in 2012, of which $31million was recorded to cost of sales and $20 million was recorded to operating expenses within our Technology Solutions segment. The majority of these charges were incurred in the third quarter of 2012. The pre-tax charge includes $24 million of non-cash asset impairment charges, primarily for the write-off of prepaid licenses and commissions and capitalized internal use software that were determined to be obsolete as they would not be utilized going forward, $10 million for severance, $7 million for customer allowances and $10 million for other charges. Our capitalized software held for sale is amortized over three years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. At the end of the second quarter of 2010, our HzERM software product became generally available. In October 2010, we decreased our estimated revenues over the next 24 months for our HzERM software product and as a result, concluded that the estimated future revenues, net of estimated related costs, were insufficient to recover its carrying value. Accordingly, we recorded a $72 million non-cash impairment charge in the second quarter of 2011 within our Technology Solutions segment’s cost of sales to reduce the carrying value of the software product to its net realizable value. 5. Other Income, Net Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Interest income $ 19 $ 18 $ 16 Equity in earnings (loss), net (1) 9 (6) 6 Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense — 16 — Gain on sale of investment (1) — — 17 Impairment of an investment (6) — — Other, net (1) 8 4 Total $ 21 $ 36 $ 43 (1) Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. In 2011, other income, net included a credit of $16 million representing the reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense by the former shareholders of US Oncology, which is recorded in Corporate. In 2010, we sold our 50% equity interest in McKesson Logistics Solutions LLC, a Canadian logistics company, for a pre-tax gain of $17 million or $14 million after-tax. We evaluate our investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. 72 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 6. Income Taxes Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Income from continuing operations before income taxes U.S. $ 1,316 $ 1,161 $ 1,340 Foreign 603 474 524 Total income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Current Federal $ 271 $ 283 $ 255 State and local 52 40 25 Foreign 28 54 44 Total current 351 377 324 Deferred Federal 129 121 269 State and local 29 1 13 Foreign 7 6 (5) Total deferred 165 128 277 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 In 2012, 2011 and 2010, income tax expense included $66 million, $34 million and $7 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily relate to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest. Included in the 2012 discrete tax benefit, is a $31 million credit to income tax expense as a result of the reversal of an income tax reserve relating to our AWP litigation. We have received tax assessments of $98 million from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) relating to 2003 through 2006. We disagree with a substantial portion of the tax assessments primarily relating to transfer pricing. We are pursuing administrative relief through the appeals process and an opening conference has been scheduled for May 15, 2012. We have also received assessments from the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”) for a total of $169 million related to transfer pricing for 2003 through 2007. Payments of most of the assessments to the CRA have been made to stop the accrual of interest. We have appealed the assessment for 2003 to the Tax Court of Canada and have filed a notice of objection for 2004 through 2007. The trial between McKesson Canada Corporation and the CRA, argued in the Tax Court of Canada, concluded in early February 2012, and we are waiting for the decision. We continue to believe in the merits of our tax positions and that we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results relating to these examinations in our financial statements. However, the final resolution of these issues could result in an increase or decrease to income tax expense. In November 2011, the IRS began its examination of 2007 through 2009. We anticipate the audit fieldwork will last more than two years. In nearly all jurisdictions, the tax years prior to 2003 are no longer subject to examination. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and evaluating income tax uncertainties. Although our major taxing jurisdictions are the U.S. and Canada, we are subject to income taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and uncertain tax liabilities reflect management’s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties. 73 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The reconciliation between our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations and statutory tax rate is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Income tax provision at federal statutory rate $ 672 $ 572 $ 652 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 57 33 25 Foreign income taxed at various rates (176) (105) (144) Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements (18) 14 53 Tax credits (13) (16) (8) Other, net (6) 7 23 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 At March 31, 2012, undistributed earnings of our foreign operations totaling $3.3 billion were considered to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized on the basis difference created by such earnings since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time. The determination of the amount of deferred taxes on these earnings is not practicable because the computation would depend on a number of factors that cannot be known until a decision to repatriate the earnings is made. Deferred tax balances consisted of the following: March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Assets Receivable allowances $ 44 $ 48 Deferred revenue 114 107 Compensation and benefit related accruals 447 409 AWP litigation accrual 175 97 Loss and credit carryforwards 400 494 Other 256 241 Subtotal 1,436 1,396 Less: valuation allowance (101) (99) Total assets 1,335 1,297 Liabilities Inventory valuation and other assets (1,635) (1,450) Fixed assets and systems development costs (263) (221) Intangibles (544) (532) Other (53) (58) Total liabilities (2,495) (2,261) Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160) $ (964) Current net deferred tax liability $ (1,092) $ (1,036) Long-term deferred tax asset 20 72 Long-term deferred tax liability (88) — Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160) $ (964) 74 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We have federal, state and foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $173 million, $2,456 million and $249 million. The federal and state net operating losses will expire at various dates from 2013 through 2032. Substantially all of our foreign net operating losses have indefinite lives. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided valuation allowances of $10 million and $66 million on the deferred tax assets relating to these state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. We also have federal and state capital loss carryforwards of $9 million and $28 million, which will expire at various dates from 2013 through 2017. We have provided valuation allowances of $1 million on the deferred tax assets relating to the state capital loss carryforwards. Recognition of a deferred tax asset for excess tax benefits due to stock option exercises that have not yet been realized through a reduction in income taxes payable is prohibited. Such unrecognized deferred tax benefits totaled $11 million as of March 31, 2012 and will be accounted for as a credit to shareholders’ equity, if and when realized through a reduction in income taxes payable. We also have federal and state income tax credit carryforwards of $131 million, which are primarily federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards that have an indefinite life. However, we believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state tax credits of $9 million may not be fully realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of $2 million. In addition, we have Canadian research and development credit carryforwards of $13 million, and we believe it is more likely than not that these credits will be realized. The Canadian research and development credits will expire at various dates from 2029 to 2032. The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the last three years: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period $ 635 $ 619 $ 526 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 11 32 50 Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years (72) (60) (12) Additions based on tax positions related to current year 37 50 72 Reductions based on settlements (1) (6) (16) Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations (15) — (1) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period $ 595 $ 635 $ 619 Of the total $595 million in unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2012, $387 million would reduce income tax expense and the effective tax rate if recognized. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that audit resolutions, the expiration of statutes of limitations and tax accounting method changes could potentially reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by up to $232 million. However, this amount may change because we continue to have ongoing negotiations with various taxing authorities throughout the year. We report interest and penalties on tax deficiencies as income tax expense. At March 31, 2012, before any tax benefits, our accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits amounted to $140 million. We recognized an income tax expense of $7 million, before any tax effect, related to interest in our consolidated statements of operations during 2012. We have no material amounts accrued for penalties. 7. Discontinued Operation In July 2010, our Technology Solutions segment sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited (“MAP”), a provider of phone and web-based healthcare services in Australia and New Zealand, for net sales proceeds of $109 million. The divestiture generated a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $95 million and $72 million. As a result of the sale, we were able to utilize capital loss carry-forwards for which we previously recorded a valuation allowance of $15 million. The release of the valuation allowance is included as a tax benefit in our after-tax gain on the divestiture. The after-tax gain on disposition was recorded as a discontinued operation in our consolidated statement of operations in 2011. The historical financial operating results and net assets of MAP were not material to our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented . 75 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 8. Earnings Per Common Share Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per common share are computed similar to basic earnings per common share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. The computations for basic and diluted earnings per common share are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012 2011 2010 Income from continuing operations $ 1,403 $ 1,130 $ 1,263 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax — 72 — Net income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 246 258 269 Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock 2 3 3 Restricted stock units 3 2 1 Diluted 251 263 273 Earnings per common share: (1) Basic Continuing operations $ 5.70 $ 4.37 $ 4.70 Discontinued operation, net — 0.28 — Total $ 5.70 $ 4.65 $ 4.70 Diluted Continuing operations $ 5.59 $ 4.29 $ 4.62 Discontinued operation, net — 0.28 — Total $ 5.59 $ 4.57 $ 4.62 (1) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. Potentially dilutive securities primarily include outstanding stock options, RSUs and PeRSUs. Approximately 4 million, 6 million and 8 million of potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computations of diluted net earnings per common share in 2012, 2011 and 2010, as they were anti-dilutive. 9. Receivables, Net March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Customer accounts $ 8,562 $ 7,982 Other 1,537 1,341 Total 10,099 9,323 Allowances (122) (136) Net $ 9,977 $ 9,187 Other receivables primarily include amounts due from suppliers and customer unbilled receivables. The allowances are primarily for estimated uncollectible accounts. 76 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 10. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Land $ 68 $ 70 Building, machinery, equipment and other 2,107 1,973 Total property, plant and equipment 2,175 2,043 Accumulated depreciation (1,132) (1,052) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 1,043 $ 991 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows: (In millions) Distribution Solutions Technology Solutions Total Balance, March 31, 2010 $ 1,871 $ 1,697 $ 3,568 Goodwill acquired 819 8 827 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments (32) (13) (45) Foreign currency translation adjustments 4 10 14 Balance, March 31, 2011 $ 2,662 $ 1,702 $ 4,364 Goodwill acquired 511 151 662 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments 20 — 20 Foreign currency translation adjustments (3) (11) (14) Balance, March 31, 2012 $ 3,190 $ 1,842 $ 5,032 Information regarding intangible assets is as follows: March 31, 2012 March 31, 2011 (Dollars in millions) Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (Years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Customer lists 7 $ 1,081 $ (554) $ 527 $ 1,057 $ (444) $ 613 Service agreements 18 1,022 (52) 970 723 (11) 712 Trademarks and trade names 18 192 (38) 154 76 (31) 45 Technology 4 244 (190) 54 204 (170) 34 Other 8 76 (31) 45 76 (24) 52 Total $ 2,615 $ (865) $ 1,750 $ 2,136 $ (680) $ 1,456 Amortization expense of intangible assets was $191 million, $132 million and $121 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Estimated annual amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows: $200 million, $186 million, $166 million, $142 million and $122 million for 2013 through 2017, and $934 million thereafter. All intangible assets were subject to amortization as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. 77 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 12. Debt and Financing Activities March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 7.75% Notes due February 1, 2012 $ — $ 399 5.25% Notes due March 1, 2013 500 499 6.50% Notes due February 15, 2014 350 350 3.25% Notes due March 1, 2016 598 598 5.70% Notes due March 1, 2017 499 499 7.50% Notes due February 15, 2019 349 349 4.75% Notes dues March 1, 2021 598 598 7.65% Debentures due March 1, 2027 175 175 6.00% Notes due March 1, 2041 493 493 Other 18 44 Total debt 3,580 4,004 Less current portion (508) (417) Total long-term debt $ 3,072 $ 3,587 Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility In connection with our execution of an agreement to acquire US Oncology, in November 2010 we entered into a $2.0 billion unsecured Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement (“Bridge Loan”). In December 2010, we reduced the Bridge Loan commitment to $1.0 billion. On January 31, 2011, we borrowed $1.0 billion under the Bridge Loan. On February 28, 2011, we repaid the funds obtained under the Bridge Loan with long-term debt, as further described below, and the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement was terminated. During the time it was outstanding, the Bridge Loan bore interest of 1.76%, which was based on the London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin based on the Company’s credit rating. Bridge Loan fees in 2011 of $25 million were included in interest expense. US Oncology Debt Acquired Upon our purchase of US Oncology in December 2010, we assumed the outstanding debt of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary US Oncology, Inc. Immediately prior to our acquisition, US Oncology Holdings, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Toggle Notes due 2012 and US Oncology, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding 9.125% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 and 10.75% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2014. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we paid interest of $50 million and redeemed these notes, including the remaining accrued interest for $1,738 million using cash on hand and borrowings under our Bridge Loan. Long-Term Debt On February 28, 2011, we issued 3.25% notes due March 1, 2016 in an aggregate principal amount of $600 million, 4.75% notes due March 1, 2021 in an aggregate principal amount of $600 million and 6.00% notes due March 1, 2041 in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million. Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning on September 1, 2011. We utilized net proceeds, after discounts and offering expenses, of $1,673 million from the issuance of these notes (each note constitutes a “Series”) for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings under the Bridge Loan. Each Series constitutes an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Company and ranks equally with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness outstanding from time-to-time. Each Series is governed by materially similar indentures and an officers’ certificate specifying certain terms of each Series. 78 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Upon 30 days notice to holders of a Series, we may redeem that Series at any time prior to maturity, in whole or in part, for cash at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium, as specified in the indenture and officers’ certificate relating to that Series. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of a Series below an investment grade rating by each of Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services within a specified period, an offer will be made to purchase that Series from the holders at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding principal amount of that Series, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The indenture and the related officers’ certificate for each Series, subject to the exceptions and in compliance with the conditions as applicable, specify that we may not incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. The indentures also contain customary events and default provisions. In February 2012, we repaid our $400 million 7.75% Notes which had matured. In March 2010, we repaid our $215 million 9.13% Series C Senior Notes which had matured. Scheduled future payments of long-term debt are $508 million in 2013, $351 million in 2014, $2 million in 2015, $600 million in 2016, $500 million in 2017 and $1,619 million thereafter. Accounts Receivable Sales Facility In May 2011, we renewed our existing accounts receivable sales facility (the “Facility”) for a one year period under terms substantially similar to those previously in place. The committed capacity of the Facility is $1.35 billion, although, from time-to-time, the available amount of the Facility may be less than $1.35 billion based on accounts receivable concentration limits and other eligibility requirements. The accounts receivable sales facility will expire in May 2012. We anticipate renewing the Facility before its expiration. Through the Facility, McKesson Corporation, the parent company, transfers certain U.S. pharmaceutical trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to a special purpose entity (“SPE”), which is a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of McKesson Corporation that is consolidated in our financial statements. This SPE then sells undivided interests in the pool of accounts receivable to third-party purchaser groups (the “Purchaser Groups”), which include financial institutions and commercial paper conduits. Since April 1, 2010, transactions under the Facility have been accounted for as secured borrowings rather than asset sales primarily because the Company’s retained interest in the pool of accounts receivable is subordinated to the Purchaser Groups to the extent there is any outstanding balance in the Facility. Consequently, the related accounts receivable continue to be recognized on our consolidated balance sheets and proceeds from the Purchaser Groups are shown as secured borrowings. The Facility contains requirements relating to the performance of the accounts receivable and covenants relating to the SPE and the Company. If we do not comply with these covenants, our ability to use the Facility may be suspended and repayment of any outstanding balances under the Facility may be required. At March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with all covenants. We continue servicing accounts receivable subject to the Facility. However, no servicing asset or liability is recorded at the time the Facility is utilized as there is no service fee or other income received and the costs of servicing the receivables subject to the Facility are not material. Servicing costs are recognized as incurred over the servicing period. During 2012, we borrowed $400 million under the Facility. There were no borrowings in 2011 under the Facility. At March 31, 2012, there were $400 million in secured borrowings and $400 million of related securitized accounts receivable outstanding, which are included in short-term borrowings and receivables in the consolidated balance sheets, under the Facility. At March 31, 2011, there were no secured borrowings or related securitized accounts receivables outstanding under the Facility. Fees and charges on the facility were $6 million, $9 million and $11 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010 and were recorded as interest expense in 2012 and 2011 and in operating expenses in 2010. Should we default under the Facility, the Purchaser Groups are entitled to receive only collections on the accounts receivable owned by the SPE and in the amount necessary to recover the interest, fees and principal amounts due the Purchaser Groups under the terms of the Facility. 79 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The delinquency ratio for the qualifying receivables represented less than 1% of the total qualifying receivables as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. Revolving Credit Facility In September 2011, we renewed our existing syndicated $1.3 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in June 2012. This renewed credit facility has terms and conditions substantially similar to those previously in place and matures in September 2016. Borrowings under this renewed credit facility bear interest based upon either the London Interbank Offered Rate or a prime rate. There were no borrowings under this credit facility during 2012, 2011 and 2010. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, there were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. Commercial Paper There were no commercial paper issuances during 2012, 2011 and 2010 and no amount outstanding at March 31, 2012 and 2011. Debt Covenants Our various borrowing facilities and long-term debt are subject to certain covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which cannot exceed 56.5%. For the purpose of calculating this ratio, borrowings under the accounts receivable sales facility are excluded. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility could be accelerated. As of March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. 13. Variable Interest Entities We are involved with VIEs, which we do not consolidate because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance and thus are not considered the primary beneficiary of the entities. Our relationships include equity investment, lending, leasing, contractual or other relationships with the VIEs. Our most significant relationships are with oncology and other specialty practices. Under these practice arrangements, we generally own or lease all of the real estate and the equipment used by the affiliated practices and manage the practices’ administrative functions. Our maximum exposure to loss (regardless of probability) as a result of all VIEs was $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion at March 31, 2012 and 2011, which primarily represents the value of intangible assets related to service agreements and lease and loan receivables. These amounts exclude the customer loan guarantees discussed in Financial Note 18, “Financial Guarantees and Warranties.” We believe that there is no material loss exposure on these assets or from these relationships. 14. Pension Benefits We maintain a number of qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. Defined Benefit Pension Plans Eligible U.S. employees who were employed by the Company as of December 31, 1995 are covered under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. In 1997, the plan was amended to freeze all plan benefits as of December 31, 1996. Benefits for the defined benefit retirement plan are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of creditable service and the average of the highest 60 months of pay during the 15 years prior to the plan freeze date. We also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible Canadian and United Kingdom employees as well as an unfunded nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plan for certain U.S. executives. Defined benefit plan assets and obligations are measured as of the Company’s fiscal year-end. 80 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The net periodic expense for our pension plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 7 $ 6 $ 4 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 31 31 35 Expected return on assets (31) (29) (24) Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation 27 28 25 Net periodic pension expense $ 34 $ 36 $ 40 The projected unit credit method is utilized in measuring net periodic pension expense over the employees’ service life for the U.S. pension plans. Unrecognized actuarial losses exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market value of assets are amortized straight-line over the average remaining future service periods. Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations and plan assets for our pension plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Change in benefit obligations Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 625 $ 593 Service cost 7 6 Interest cost 31 31 Actuarial loss 42 21 Benefit payments (34) (32) Foreign exchange impact and other (1) 6 Benefit obligation at end of period (1) $ 670 $ 625 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period $ 416 $ 391 Actual return on plan assets 12 40 Employer and participant contributions 17 11 Benefits paid (34) (32) Foreign exchange impact and other (1) 6 Fair value of plan assets at end of period $ 410 $ 416 Funded status at end of period $ (260) $ (209) Amounts recognized on the balance sheet Long-term assets $ — $ 4 Current liabilities (13) (4) Long-term liabilities (247) (209) Total $ (260) $ (209) (1) The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. 81 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The accumulated benefit obligations for our pension plans were $667 million at March 31, 2012 and $622 million at March 31, 2011. The following table provides the projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for all our pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Projected benefit obligation $ 670 $ 533 Accumulated benefit obligation 667 529 Fair value of plan assets 410 319 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Net actuarial loss $ 274 $ 239 Prior service cost 1 2 Net transition obligation 1 1 Total $ 276 $ 242 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income during the reporting periods were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Net actuarial loss $ 61 $ 10 $ 59 Prior service credit — — (2) Amortization of: Net actuarial loss (25) (26) (23) Prior service cost (2) (2) (2) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss (income) $ 34 $ (18) $ 32 We expect to amortize $2 million of prior service cost and $30 million of actuarial loss for the pension plans from stockholders’ equity to pension expense in 2013. Comparable 2012 amounts were $2 million and $25 million. Projected benefit obligations relating to our unfunded U.S. plans were $167 million and $154 million at March 31, 2012 and 2011. Pension obligations for our unfunded plans are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries. Expected benefit payments for our pension plans are as follows: $43 million, $33 million, $144 million, $36 million and $33 million for 2013 to 2017 and $190 million for 2018 through 2022. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our pension plans are $38 million for 2013. 82 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the net periodic pension expense and the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Net periodic pension expense Discount rates 4.98 % 5.30 % 7.68 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.74 3.75 3.62 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.60 7.79 7.90 Benefit obligation Discount rates 4.23 % 4.99 % 5.33 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.56 3.74 3.75 Our U.S. defined benefit pension plan liabilities are valued using a discount rate based on a yield curve developed from a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds rated AA or better whose maturities are aligned with the expected benefit payments of our plans. For March 31, 2012, we used a weighted average discount rate of 4.15%, which represents a decrease of 73 basis points from our 2011 weighted-average discount rate of 4.88%. Sensitivity to changes in the weighted-average discount rate for our U.S. pension plans is as follows: (In millions) One Percentage Point Increase One Percentage Point Decrease Increase (decrease) on projected benefit obligation $ (38) $ 44 Increase (decrease) on net periodic pension cost (2) 3 Plan Assets Investment Strategy : The overall objective for McKesson’s pension plan assets is to generate long-term investment returns consistent with capital preservation and prudent investment practices, with a diversification of asset types and investment strategies. Periodic adjustments are made to provide liquidity for benefit payments and to rebalance plan assets to their target allocations. The target allocations for plan assets at March 31, 2012 are 53% equity investments, 35% fixed income investments and 12% to all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents. The target allocations for plan assets at March 31, 2011 were 61% equity investments, 32% fixed income investments and 7% to all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents. Equity investments include common stock, preferred stock, and equity commingled funds. Fixed income investments include corporate bonds, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, other directly held fixed income investments, and fixed income commingled funds. Other investments include real estate funds, hedge funds, other commingled funds and cash and cash equivalents. We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumption based on the projected performance of the asset classes in which plan assets are invested. Our target asset allocation was determined based on the liability and risk tolerance characteristics of the plans and at times may be adjusted to achieve our overall investment objectives. 83 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Fair Value Measurements: The following tables represent our pension plan assets as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, using the fair value hierarchy by asset class. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs. March 31, 2012 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents $ 14 $ 14 $ — $ 28 Equity securities: Common stock 100 — — 100 Equity commingled funds — 134 — 134 Fixed income securities: Government securities — 11 — 11 Corporate bonds — 48 — 48 Mortgage-backed securities — 21 — 21 Asset-backed securities and other — 20 — 20 Fixed income commingled funds — 25 — 25 Other: Real estate funds — — 17 17 Other commingled funds — 12 — 12 Total $ 114 $ 285 $ 17 416 Receivables (1) 6 Payables (1) (12) Total $ 410 (1) Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. March 31, 2011 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents $ 14 $ 31 $ — $ 45 Equity securities: Common and preferred stock 104 1 — 105 Equity commingled funds — 144 — 144 Fixed income securities: Government securities — 20 — 20 Corporate bonds — 26 — 26 Mortgage-backed securities — 28 — 28 Asset-backed securities and other — 19 — 19 Fixed income commingled funds — 34 — 34 Other: Real estate funds — — 5 5 Hedge funds — — 5 5 Total $ 118 $ 303 $ 10 431 Receivables (1) 19 Payables (1) (34) Total $ 416 (1) Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011. 84 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Cash and cash equivalents – Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investment funds that maintain daily liquidity and aim to have constant unit values of $1.00. The funds invest in short-term fixed income securities and other securities with debt-like characteristics emphasizing short-term maturities and high credit quality. Directly held cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 investments. Cash and cash equivalents include commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Common and preferred stock – This investment class consists of common and preferred shares issued by U.S. and non-U.S. corporations. Common shares are traded actively on exchanges and price quotes are readily available. Preferred shares may not be actively traded. Holdings of common shares are generally classified as Level 1 investments. Preferred shares are classified as Level 2 investments. Equity commingled funds – Some equity investments are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Fixed income securities — Government securities consist of bonds and debentures issued by central governments or federal agencies; corporate bonds consist of bonds and debentures issued by corporations; mortgage-backed securities consist of debt obligations secured by a mortgage or pool of mortgages; and asset-backed securities primarily consist of debt obligations secured by an asset or pool of assets other than mortgages. Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset. Multiple prices and price types are obtained from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations. The Company obtains an understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such prices. Fixed income securities are generally classified as Level 2 investments. Fixed income commingled funds – Some fixed income investments are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Real estate funds – The value of the real estate funds is reported by the fund manager and is based on a valuation of the underlying properties. Inputs used in the valuation include items such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. The real estate funds are classified as Level 3 investments. Hedge funds – The hedge funds are invested in fund-of-fund structures and consist of multiple investments in interest and currency funds designed to hedge the risk of rate fluctuations. Given the complex nature of valuation and the broad spectrums of investments, the hedge funds are classified as Level 3 investments. Other commingled funds – The other commingled funds are invested in equities, bonds, commodities, other alternative investments and cash and cash equivalents. These funds are valued generally based on the weekly net asset values derived from the quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets and, for alternative investments, based on other complex valuation techniques. Other commingled funds are classified as Level 2 investments. 85 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The following table represents a reconciliation of Level 3 plan assets held during the years ended March 31, 2012 and 2011: (In millions) Real Estate Funds Hedge Funds Other Total Balance at March 31, 2010 $ 19 $ 5 $ 2 $ 26 Purchases, sales and settlements (14) — — (14) Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 — — (2) (2) Balance at March 31, 2011 $ 5 $ 5 $ — $ 10 Unrealized gain on plan assets still held 1 — — 1 Purchases, sales and settlements 11 (5) — 6 Balance at March 31, 2012 $ 17 $ — $ — $ 17 Concentration of Credit Risk: We evaluated our pension plans’ asset portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of March 31, 2012. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include investment funds that represented 10% or more of the pension plans’ net assets. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, 10% and 11% of our plan assets are comprised of Bartram International Fund, which predominantly holds actively traded stock. Multiemployer Plans We also contribute to a number of multiemployer pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer pension plans in the following aspects: (i) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; (ii) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers; and (iii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. Actions taken by other participating employers may lead to adverse changes in the financial condition of a multiemployer benefit plan and our withdrawal liability and contributions may increase. Contributions to the plans and amounts accrued were not material for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010. Defined Contribution Plans We have a contributory profit sharing investment plan (“PSIP”) for U.S. employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements. Effective January 1, 2011, eligible employees may contribute to the PSIP up to 75% of their monthly eligible compensation for pre-tax contributions and up to 75% of compensation for catch-up contributions not to exceed IRS limits. The Company makes matching contributions in an amount equal to 100% of the employee’s first 3% of pay contributed and 50% for the next 2% of pay contributed. The Company also may make an additional annual matching contribution for each plan year to enable participants to receive a full match based on their annual contribution. The Company’s leveraged employee stock ownership plan (“ESOP”) had purchased an aggregate of 24 million shares of the Company’s common stock since its inception. These purchases were financed by 10 to 20 year loans from or guaranteed by us. At March 31, 2010, there were no outstanding ESOP loans nor the related receivables from the ESOP as the ESOP fully repaid the loans during 2010. The loans were repaid by the ESOP from interest earnings on cash balances and common dividends on unallocated shares and Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates were identical to the terms of related Company borrowings. Stock was made available from the ESOP based on debt service payments on ESOP borrowings. In the first quarter of 2011, all of the 24 million common shares had been allocated to plan participants. In 2012, 2011 and 2009, the Company made contributions primarily in cash or with the issuance of treasury shares. Future PSIP contributions will be funded with cash or treasury shares. 86 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The McKesson Corporation PSIP was a member of the settlement class in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action. On April 27, 2009, the court issued an order approving the distribution of the settlement funds. On October 9, 2009, the PSIP received approximately $119 million of the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action proceeds. Approximately $42 million of the proceeds were attributable to the allocated shares of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP participants during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and were allocated to the respective participants on that basis in the third quarter of 2010. Approximately $77 million of the proceeds were attributable to the unallocated shares (the “Unallocated Proceeds”) of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP in an ESOP suspense account. In accordance with the plan terms, the PSIP distributed all of the Unallocated Proceeds to current PSIP participants after the close of the plan year in April 2010. The receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP was reimbursement for the loss in value of the Company’s common stock held by the PSIP in its ESOP suspense account during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and was not a contribution made by the Company to the PSIP or ESOP. Accordingly, there were no accounting consequences to the Company’s financial statements relating to the receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP. As a result of the PSIP’s receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds, in 2010 the Company contributed $1 million to the PSIP. Accordingly, the PSIP expense for 2010 was nominal. Commencing in 2011, the Company resumed its contributions to the PSIP. PSIP expense by segment for the last three years was as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Distribution Solutions $ 22 $ 23 $ — Technology Solutions 30 32 1 Corporate 6 4 — PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 Cost of sales (1) $ 17 $ 17 $ — Operating expenses 41 42 1 PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 (1) Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment. 15. Postretirement Benefits We maintain a number of postretirement benefits, primarily consisting of healthcare and life insurance (“welfare”) benefits, for certain eligible U.S. employees. Eligible employees consist of those who retired before March 31, 1999 and those who retired after March 31, 1999, but were an active employee as of that date, after meeting other age-related criteria. We also provide postretirement benefits for certain U.S. executives. Defined benefit plan obligations are measured as of the Company’s fiscal year-end. The net periodic expense (income) for our postretirement welfare benefits is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 2 $ 1 $ 1 Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation 7 8 9 Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and prior service costs (1) (4) (25) Net periodic postretirement expense (income) $ 8 $ 5 $ (15) 87 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations for our postretirement welfare plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 152 $ 154 Service cost 2 1 Interest cost 7 8 Actuarial loss (gain) (4) 2 Benefit payments (13) (13) Benefit obligation at end of period $ 144 $ 152 The components of the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income for the Company’s other postretirement benefits at March 31, 2012 and 2011 were net actuarial losses of $2 million and $5 million and net prior service credits of $2 million and $2 million. Other changes in benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income were net actuarial gain of $3 million in 2012 and losses of $6 million and $51 million in 2011 and 2010. We estimate that the amortization of the actuarial loss from stockholders’ equity to other postretirement expense in 2013 will be $1 million. Comparable 2012 amounts were $1 million. Other postretirement benefits are funded as claims are paid. Expected benefit payments for our postretirement welfare benefit plans, net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $1 million annually, are as follows: $11 million annually for 2013 to 2017 and $50 million cumulatively for 2018 through 2022. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our postretirement welfare benefit plans are $13 million for 2013. Weighted-average discount rates used to estimate postretirement welfare benefit expenses were 5.09%, 5.33% and 7.86% for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Weighted-average discount rates for the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were 4.44%, 5.09% and 5.33% for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Actuarial gain or loss for the postretirement welfare benefit plan is amortized to income or expense over a three-year period. The assumed healthcare cost trends used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 8.0% and 8.5% for prescription drugs, 7.5% and 7.5% for medical and 5.5% and 5.8% for dental in 2012 and 2011. For 2012, 2011 and 2010, a one-percentage-point increase or decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would not have a material impact on the postretirement benefit obligations. 16. Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities At March 31, 2012 and 2011, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable securities, receivables, drafts and accounts payable, short-term borrowings and other current liabilities approximated their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Included in cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2012 and 2011, were money market fund investments of $0.8 billion and $1.7 billion, which are reported at fair value. The fair value of these investments was determined by using quoted prices for identical investments in active markets, which are considered to be Level 1 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosures guidance. The carrying value of all other cash equivalents approximates fair value due to their relatively short-term nature. 88 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The carrying amount and estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was $3.6 billion and $4.1 billion at March 31, 2012 and $4.0 billion and $4.3 billion at March 31, 2011. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was determined using quoted market prices and other inputs that were derived from available market information. These are considered to be Level 2 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosure guidance, and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. At times we limit these risks through the use of derivatives such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts. In accordance with our policy, derivatives are only used for hedging purposes. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Foreign currency rate risk The majority of our operations are conducted in US dollars however, certain assets and liabilities, revenues and expense and purchasing activities are incurred in and exposed to other currencies. We have established certain foreign currency rate risk programs that manage the impact of foreign currency fluctuation. These programs are utilized on a transactional basis when we consider there to be a risk in fair value or volatility in cash flows. These programs reduce but do not entirely eliminate foreign currency rate risk. Currently, our foreign currency rate risk programs include: In March 2012, we entered into a number of forward contracts to hedge Canadian dollar denominated cash flows. These contracts mature over a period of eight years and have a gross notional value of $528 million. These contracts have been designated for hedge accounting and accordingly, changes in the contracts’ fair value will be recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. At March 31, 2012, the fair value of these contracts was not material and no amounts were reclassified to earnings in 2012. In 2012, we entered into a number of forward contracts to hedge British pound denominated cash flows. These contracts mature in 2013 and have a gross notional value of $151 million. These contracts have not been designated for hedge accounting and accordingly, changes in these contracts’ fair value are recorded directly in earnings. At March 31, 2012, the fair value of these contracts was not material and net gains or losses for the year ended March 31, 2012 were also not material. The fair values of all derivatives are considered to be Level 2 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosure guidance and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. 17. Lease Obligations We lease facilities and equipment almost solely under operating leases. At March 31, 2012, future minimum lease payments required under operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year for years ending March 31 are: (In millions) Noncancelable Operating Leases 2013 $ 188 2014 157 2015 123 2016 92 2017 75 Thereafter 233 Total minimum lease payments (1) $ 868 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $74 million due under future noncancelable subleases. 89 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Rental expense under operating leases was $240 million, $157 million and $154 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, taking into account, when applicable, lessor incentives for tenant improvements, periods where no rent payment is required and escalations in rent payments over the term of the lease. Deferred rent is recognized for the difference between the rent expense recognized on a straight-line basis and the payments made per the terms of the lease. Remaining terms for facilities leases generally range from one to seven years, while remaining terms for equipment leases range from one to three years. Most real property leases contain renewal options (generally for five-year increments) and provisions requiring us to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. Sublease rental income was not material for 2012, 2011 and 2010. 18. Financial Guarantees and Warranties Financial Guarantees We have agreements with certain of our Canadian customers’ financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of our customers’ inventory or our customers’ debt in the event these customers are unable to meet their obligations to those financial institutions. For our inventory repurchase agreement, among other requirements, inventories must be in resalable condition and any repurchase would be at a discount. The inventory repurchase agreements mostly range from one to two years. Customers’ debt guarantees range from one to five years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain customers. The majority of our customers’ debt guarantees are secured by certain assets of the customer. We also have an agreement with one software customer that, under limited circumstances, may require us to secure standby financing. Because the amount of the standby financing is not explicitly stated, the overall amount of this guarantee cannot reasonably be estimated. At March 31, 2012, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and customers’ debt guarantees were $125 million and $41 million, none of which had been accrued. The expirations of the above noted financial guarantees are as follows: $107 million, $22 million, $13 million, $2 million and $1 million from 2013 through 2017 and $21 million thereafter. In addition, at March 31, 2012, our banks and insurance companies have issued $86 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds, which were issued on our behalf mostly related to our customer contracts and in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers’ compensation and automotive liability programs. Our software license agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our software products infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnification agreements and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations. In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnification agreements (such as retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) whose terms vary in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, obligations for such indemnifications are recorded as liabilities. Because the amounts of these indemnification obligations often are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of these commitments cannot be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities at the time of divestiture, we have historically not made significant payments as a result of these indemnification provisions. Warranties In the normal course of business, we provide certain warranties and indemnification protection for our products and services. For example, we provide warranties that the pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products we distribute are in compliance with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other applicable laws and regulations. We have received the same warranties from our suppliers, which customarily are the manufacturers of the products. In addition, we have indemnity obligations to our customers for these products, which have also been provided to us from our suppliers, either through express agreement or by operation of law. 90 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) We also provide warranties regarding the performance of software and automation products we sell. Our liability under these warranties is to bring the product into compliance with previously agreed upon specifications. For software products, this may result in additional project costs, which are reflected in our estimates used for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting for software installation services within these contracts. In addition, most of our customers who purchase our software and automation products also purchase annual maintenance agreements. Revenues from these maintenance agreements are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period and the cost of servicing product warranties is charged to expense when claims become estimable. Accrued warranty costs were not material to the consolidated balance sheets. 19. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. As described below, many of these proceedings are at preliminary stages and many seek an indeterminate amount of damages. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimates. We are party to the legal proceedings described below. Unless otherwise stated, we are currently unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses for the unresolved proceedings described below. Should any one or a combination of more than one of these proceedings be successful, or should we determine to settle any or a combination of these matters, we may be required to pay substantial sums, become subject to the entry of an injunction or be forced to change the manner in which we operate our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. I. Average Wholesale Price Litigation The following matters involve a benchmark referred to as “AWP,” which is utilized by some public and private payers to calculate a portion of the amount that pharmacies and other providers are reimbursed for dispensing certain covered prescription drugs. A. In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation Commencing in May of 2008, a series of complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by various public payers — governmental entities that paid a portion of the price of certain prescription drugs — alleging that in late 2001 the Company and First DataBank, Inc. (“FDB”), a publisher of pharmaceutical pricing information, conspired to improperly raise the published AWP for certain prescription drugs, and that this alleged conduct resulted in higher drug reimbursement payments by plaintiffs and others similarly situated. These actions were all consolidated under the caption In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation. A description of the actions pending during fiscal year 2012 is as follows: 91 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The Douglas County, Kansas Nationwide Class Action On August 7, 2008, an action was filed by the Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas on behalf of itself and a purported national class of state, local and territorial governmental entities against the Company and FDB alleging violations of RICO and federal antitrust laws, and seeking treble damages, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (No. 1:08-CV-11349-PBS) (“Douglas County, Kansas Action”). On December 24, 2008, an amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed abandoning the previously alleged antitrust claims, and adding as named plaintiffs the City of Panama City, Florida; the State of Oklahoma; the County of Anoka, Minnesota; Baltimore, Maryland; Columbia, South Carolina; and Goldsboro, North Carolina. On March 3, 2009, a second amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed, adding the State of Montana as a plaintiff, adding Montana state law claims, and adding a claim for tortious interference. On February 10, 2009, plaintiffs filed a notice of dismissal without prejudice of defendant FDB. On May 20, 2009, an action was filed by Oakland County, Michigan and the City of Sterling Heights, Michigan against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Michigan’s Antitrust Reform Act, Michigan’s Consumer Protection Act, California’s antitrust statute, and for fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, interest and attorneys’ fees, all in unspecified amounts, Oakland County, Michigan et al. v. McKesson Corporation , (No. 1:09-CV-10843-PBS) (“Michigan Counties Action”). On August 4, 2009, the court granted the Company’s motion to stay the Michigan Counties Action. On March 4, 2011, the court entered an order granting, in part, and denying, in part, plaintiffs’ motion for class certification in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. Specifically, the court certified a nationwide class comprised of all non-federal and non-state governmental entities for liability and equitable relief for the period from August 1, 2001, to June 2, 2005, and for damages for the period August 1, 2001, to December 31, 2003. On March 30, 2011, the court granted, in part, plaintiffs’ motion for reconsideration by extending the liability-only class period from June 2, 2005, to October 6, 2006. On May 13, 2011, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied the Company’s petition and the plaintiffs’ cross-petition seeking permission to appeal the district court’s March 4, 2011 class certification order. On June 28 and June 29, 2011, respectively, the Company executed settlement agreements with the States of Oklahoma and Montana with respect to the claims those States asserted on behalf of their respective Medicaid programs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. On December 6, 2011, the Company executed a settlement agreement with the State of Oklahoma with respect to the claims it asserted on behalf of the Oklahoma State and Education Employees Group Insurance Board. Pursuant to these settlements, the court dismissed with prejudice all claims asserted by the States of Oklahoma and Montana in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. On October 25, 2011, the Company executed a settlement agreement with the certified class of plaintiffs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. The settlement provides that the Company will pay $82 million in settlement of all claims on behalf of a nationwide class of cities, counties, and other non-federal and non-state governmental entities. The settlement amount of $82 million is to be paid into a settlement escrow in installments following preliminary and final approvals of the settlement by the court. The escrow account shall be used for settlement administration costs, including notice, attorneys’ fees as approved by the court, and the remainder will be distributed to class members in a manner determined by plaintiffs and subject to court approval. The settlement also provides that the settlement class will release all claims against the Company relating to FDB’s allegedly inflated AWPs, whenever such claims were incurred, and includes an express denial of any liability on the part of the Company. The court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on November 8, 2011, and, on April 19, 2012, the court granted final approval of the settlement and entered final judgment. To date, approximately $32 million has been paid by the Company into the settlement escrow, and the balance of the $82 million is expected to be paid into the settlement escrow during the first quarter of 2013. 92 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On January 5, 2012, the Company and the plaintiffs in the Michigan Counties Action filed a stipulated order of dismissal with prejudice, which the court entered on January 12, 2012, and which became effective upon the court granting final approval of the settlement in the Douglas County, Kansas Action on April 19, 2012. State Medicaid AWP Cases Beginning in September 2010, a series of suits were filed by individual states in jurisdictions other than the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts based on essentially the same factual allegations as alleged in In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation . A description of the actions pending during fiscal year 2012 is as follows: The Kansas Action On September 13, 2010, an action was filed in the Kansas state court of Wyandotte County by the State of Kansas against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Kansas’s Restraint of Trade Act, Kansas’s Consumer Protection Act, and Kansas’s false claims statute, and for civil conspiracy, fraud, unjust enrichment, and breach of contract, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, as well as injunctive relief, interest, disgorgement of profits, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Kansas ex rel. Steve Six v. McKesson Corporation, et al. , (No. 10CV1491). On February 24, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint and set trial for August 7, 2012. On February 15, 2012, the court granted the Company’s motion for a continuance and reset trial for May 28, 2013. Discovery is ongoing. The Mississippi Action On October 8, 2010, an action was filed in the Mississippi state court of Hinds County by the State of Mississippi against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Mississippi’s Medicaid Fraud Control Act, Mississippi’s Consumer Protection Act, and for civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, unjust enrichment, and fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Mississippi v. McKesson Corporation, et al. , (No. 251-10-862CIV). On November 9, 2010, the Company filed a Notice of Removal to the United States District Court, for the Southern District of Mississippi. On January 27, 2011, the case was remanded back to Mississippi state court after the State dismissed its RICO claim. On February 15, 2011, the Company filed a motion to transfer the Mississippi Action from the Circuit Court of Hinds County to the Chancery Court of Hinds County, or in the alternative, to dismiss the State’s claim under Mississippi’s Consumer Protection Act for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. On July 1, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to transfer or, in the alternative, to dismiss. On July 22, 2011, the Company filed a petition with the Supreme Court of Mississippi seeking permission to appeal the trial court’s July 1, 2011 order. On December 15, 2011, the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied the Company’s petition but ordered the trial court to dismiss the State’s claim under Mississippi’s Consumer Protection Act. On July 26, 2011, a second amended complaint was filed that formally abandoned the previously alleged RICO claims and added claims on behalf of the Mississippi state employee health plan. On August 25, 2011, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the State’s claim under Mississippi’s Medicaid Fraud Control Act, which the court denied on March 12, 2012. On March 9, 2012, the Company filed a motion to extend the scheduling deadlines set by the court, including the trial date. On April 6, 2012, the parties filed a stipulated scheduling order requesting the court to continue the previously set trial date of November 26, 2012, to a date after March 1, 2013. The court has not yet ruled on this request. Discovery is ongoing. The Alaska Action On October 12, 2010, an action was filed in Alaska state court by the State of Alaska against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Alaska’s unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as declaratory relief, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Alaska v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (No. 3AN-10-11348-CI). On May 24, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for February 4, 2013. 93 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The Utah Action On October 20, 2010, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the State of Utah against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO and for civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, treble damages, restitution, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Utah v. McKesson Corporation, et al ., (No. CV 10-4743-SC). On July 19, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for March 11, 2013. The Arizona Administrative Proceeding On November 5, 2010, the Company received a Notice of Proposed Civil Monetary Penalty from the Office of Inspector General for the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (“AHCCCS”) purporting to initiate an administrative claim process against the Company, and seeking civil penalties in the amount of $101 million and an assessment in the amount of $112 million for false claims allegedly submitted to the Arizona Medicaid program (No. 2010-1218). On February 28, 2011, the Company filed a complaint in Arizona Superior Court, County of Maricopa, against AHCCCS and its Director, alleging that the administrative proceeding commenced by AHCCCS violates the Arizona Administrative Procedure Act and the Due Process Clauses of the Arizona Constitution and the United States Constitution, and seeking to enjoin AHCCCS’s administrative proceeding, a declaratory judgment that AHCCCS lacks jurisdiction and legal authority to impose penalties or assessments against the Company, as well as costs of suit, McKesson Corporation v. AHCCCS, (No. CV-2011-004446). On April 28, 2011, the court ruled that AHCCCS has no jurisdiction to impose penalties or assessments against the Company and enjoined AHCCCS from prosecuting or reinitiating any penalty proceeding against the Company. On May 31, 2011, the court entered final judgment in favor of the Company. On June 16, 2011, AHCCCS filed a notice of appeal. The briefing on AHCCCS’s appeal is complete, but a hearing date has not yet been set. The Hawaii Action On November 10, 2010, an action was filed in Hawaii state court by the State of Hawaii against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Hawaii’s false claims statute, Hawaii’s unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Hawaii v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (CV. No. 10-1-2411-11-GWBC). On April 12, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for April 15, 2013. The Louisiana Action On December 20, 2010, an action was filed in Louisiana state court by the State of Louisiana against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under Louisiana’s unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, Louisiana’s Medical Assistance Programs Integrity Law, Louisiana’s antitrust statute, and for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, civil conspiracy, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, statutory fines, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Louisiana v. McKesson Corporation, (No. C597634 Sec. 23). On June 2, 2011, the court granted the State’s motion to consolidate for all purposes, including trial, the State’s suit against the Company with the State’s pending action against numerous drug manufacturers, State of Louisiana v. Abbott Laboratories, Inc., et al . , (No. C596164). On September 8, 2011, the trial court entered an order granting the State’s motion to voluntarily dismiss its antitrust claims. The Louisiana Court of Appeals, on September 20, 2011, denied the Company’s appeal challenging the trial court’s June 2, 2011 consolidation order. On December 14, 2011, the trial court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint. On December 19, 2011, the Company filed an application for a supervisory writ, with the Louisiana Court of Appeals, seeking to challenge the trial court’s ruling that the State is the proper party to assert damages claims on behalf of Louisiana’s Medicaid program, which application was denied. No trial date has been set. 94 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) The Michigan Action On June 2, 2011, an action was filed in Michigan state court, County of Ingham, by the State of Michigan against the Company, FDB, and the Hearst Corporation asserting claims under Michigan’s false claims statute, and for fraud based on false representation, silent fraud, civil conspiracy to commit fraud, tortious interference with contract, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, disgorgement of profits, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Bill Schuette ex rel. State of Michigan v. McKesson Corporation, et al ., (11-629-CZ). On November 29, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint. No trial date has been set. The Virginia Action On June 8, 2011, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the Commonwealth of Virginia against the Company and two of its employees asserting claims under RICO, Virginia’s false claims statute, Virginia’s fraud statute, and for conspiracy to defraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, interest, and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Commonwealth of Virginia v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (C11-02782-SI). On October 13, 2011, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the Commonwealth’s complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for March 11, 2013. The Indiana Action On July 13, 2011, the Company was named as a co-defendant to FDB in an action filed in Indiana state court, County of Marion, by the State of Indiana asserting claims under Indiana’s false claims statute, Indiana’s Medicaid fraud statute, Indiana’s theft statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, interest, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Indiana v. McKesson Corp. et al., (No. 49D11-1106-PL-021595). On January 20, 2012, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the Company’s motion to dismiss the State’s complaint. Specifically, the court dismissed without prejudice the State’s claims under Indiana’s Medicaid fraud statute and Indiana’s theft statute, and for fraud. On February 21, 2012, a second amended complaint was filed asserting claims under Indiana’s false claims statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy. On March 22, 2012, McKesson moved to dismiss the fraud claim in the second amended complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for April 7, 2014. The Kentucky Action On July 15, 2011, the Company was named as a co-defendant to FDB in an action filed in Kentucky state court, Franklin County, by the Commonwealth of Kentucky asserting claims under Kentucky’s consumer protection statute, Kentucky’s Medicaid fraud statute, Kentucky’s theft by deception statute, Kentucky’s false advertising statute, and for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, interest, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Commonwealth of Kentucky v. McKesson Corp. et al ., (No. 11-CI-00935). On March 12, 2012, the court held a hearing on the Company’s motion to dismiss the Commonwealth’s complaint but the court has not yet issued a ruling. No trial date has been set. The Oregon Action On November 11, 2011, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the State of Oregon against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Oregon’s RICO statute, and for unjust enrichment, civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, and fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, a constructive trust, as well as interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Oregon v. McKesson Corporation , No. C11-05384-SI. The Company filed an answer to the State’s complaint on January 9, 2012. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for July 8, 2013. 95 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) B. The New Jersey United States Attorney’s Office AWP Investigation In June 2007, the Company was informed that a relator had previously filed a qui tam action in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, purportedly on behalf of the United States, twelve states (California, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Mexico, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia) and the District of Columbia against the Company and seven other defendants. In January 2009, the Company was provided with a courtesy copy of the relator’s third amended complaint, which alleges claims against the Company and seven other defendants under the False Claims Act and various state false claims statutes. The claims arise out of alleged manipulation of AWP by the defendants. This qui tam action is brought on behalf of the United States and various states, and seeks damages, treble damages and civil penalties, as well as attorneys’ fees and costs of suit. C. General On January 30, 2012, the Company reached an agreement in principle with a coalition of State Attorneys General to resolve state Medicaid claims relating to AWP for payment by the Company of approximately $173 million. This amount shall be reduced by the total amount allocated to any state that declines to subscribe to the settlement. This agreement is subject to execution of written settlement agreements acceptable to the Company and each participating state. Although the Company believes that there will be substantial participation by the states, the final level of participation is not yet known. The Company will continue to defend vigorously any action pursued by a non-settling state. The Company has fully reserved for the financial effect of this agreement in principle. The Company has a reserve relating to AWP public entity claims, which is reviewed at least quarterly and whenever events or circumstances indicate changes, including consideration of the pace and progress of discussions relating to potentially resolving other public entity claims. Pre-tax charges relating to changes in the Company’s AWP litigation reserve, including accrued interest, are recorded in the Distribution Solutions segment. The Company’s AWP litigation reserve is included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In view of the number of outstanding cases and expected future claims, and the uncertainties of the timing and outcome of this type of litigation, it is possible that the ultimate costs of these matters may exceed or be less than the reserve. The following is the activity related to the AWP litigation reserve for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period $ 330 $ 143 $ 143 Charges incurred 149 213 — Payments made (26) (26) — AWP litigation reserve at end of period $ 453 $ 330 $ 143 The charges for 2012 primarily related to the Douglas County, Kansas Action settlement and the state and federal Medicaid claims. The charges for 2011 primarily related to the state and federal Medicaid claims. On April 3, 2012, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the United States Department of Justice to resolve the federal share of Medicaid claims related to AWP. The total settlement amount of $191 million, which includes interest, was paid on April 9, 2012. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, the United States Department of Justice filed a notice seeking the dismissal with prejudice of the claims on behalf of the United States asserted by the relator in the qui tam action pending in New Jersey federal court to the extent those claims are encompassed by the settlement release in the parties’ agreement. 96 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) II. Other Litigation and Claims On October 3, 2008, the United States filed a complaint in intervention in a pending qui tam action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi, naming as defendants, among others, the Company and its former indirect subsidiary, McKesson Medical-Surgical MediNet Inc. (“MediNet”), now merged into and doing business as McKesson Medical-Surgical MediMart Inc., United States ex rel. Jamison v. McKesson Corporation, et al. , (No. 2:08-CV-00214-SA). The United States (“USA”) alleges violations of the federal False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. Sections 3729-33, in connection with billing and supply services rendered by MediNet to the long-term care facility operator co-defendants. The action seeks monetary damages in an unstated amount. On July 7, 2009, defendants filed motions to dismiss the action filed by the relator, arguing that the relator was not the original source of the claims which he attempts to pursue in his qui tam action. On March 25, 2010, the trial court granted defendants’ motions to dismiss the relator and his complaint, which ruling was later affirmed on appeal by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. On June 2, 2010, the USA filed a motion for partial summary judgment, seeking a finding that the Company’s co-defendant, a Medicare Part B supplier, failed to comply with certain of the 21 Supplier Standards (“Standards”) established by federal regulations covering such Medicare suppliers, and that the relevant claims for which MediNet provided contract billing and/or supply services were rendered “false” by reason of such non-compliance. On July 2, 2010 the Company and MediNet filed their opposition to the USA’s motion and themselves moved for summary judgment as to certain counts based on numerous arguments, including that the USA cannot, as a matter of law, establish that the co-defendant Medicare Part B supplier failed to meet the Standards. On March 28, 2011, the trial court issued its order denying the motion of the USA and granting the partial summary judgment motions of the Company and its co-defendants on grounds that, as a matter of law, the Standards had not been violated. All causes of action based on the alleged failure to comply with the Standards were dismissed. In September of 2011, the Company and MediNet moved for summary judgment on the USA’s remaining causes of action which motions were denied on February 14, 2012. In its pretrial filings, the USA stated that it intends to seek damages, which after trebling as allowed by the False Claims Act, total $82 million, and will additionally seek between $407 million to $814 million in fines and penalties. The McKesson defendants strongly dispute any liability, disagree with those claims for damages, fines and penalties and, based on experience, believe that such claimed damages amounts are not meaningful indicators of potential liability. On February 21, 2012, a non-jury trial commenced. On March 8, 2012, the court set April 30, 2012 for the continuation of the trial to allow the USA to present its revised claim for damages which the USA represented at trial would be reduced from the amounts stated in pretrial filings. No rulings on liability or damages have been made yet. As previously reported, the Company’s subsidiary, McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc. (“MMS”), has been named as a defendant in multiple cases pending in Nevada state court alleging that plaintiffs contracted Hepatitis C after being administered the drug Propofol during medical procedures conducted by third parties. All but seven cases have been settled with no contribution from MMS, including the previously reported case with a jury verdict against MMS for $6 million in compensatory damages and $18 million in punitive damages. Of the seven remaining cases, the next trial date is January 2013. Our subsidiary, Northstar Rx LLC, is one of multiple defendants in approximately 425 active cases alleging that plaintiffs were injured after ingesting Reglan and/or its generic equivalent, metoclopramide. There are an additional 52 cases in California, currently stayed, involving over 2,000 plaintiffs. The cases usually include state law claims for strict liability, failure to warn, negligence, and breach of warranty. Most of these cases are pending in state courts in Pennsylvania, California and New Jersey, with other cases pending in Alabama, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, Oregon and Tennessee. Northstar Rx’s insurers are providing coverage for these cases. The Company believes that all of these cases are subject to dismissal pursuant to the U.S. Supreme Court’s 2011 ruling in Pliva, Inc. v. Mensing, which barred certain types of claims involving generic pharmaceuticals. The Company is also named in approximately 850 cases as a distributor of these products. On January 4, 2011, the Company was served with a qui tam complaint that was originally filed in November 2005 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by a relator, a former employee of a Johnson & Johnson affiliate, against the Company, Johnson & Johnson and its affiliate companies, and Omnicare, Inc., alleging that the Company received illegal “kickbacks” from the Johnson & Johnson defendants in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act and various state false claims statutes, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, interest, attorneys’ fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, United States ex rel. Scott Bartz v. Ortho McNeil Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., (No. 2:05-cv-06010). The United States declined to intervene in the suit. 97 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) On February 23, 2011, the case was transferred to the District of Massachusetts. On May 27, 2011, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the relator’s complaint. On June 10, 2011, the relator filed a notice of intent to voluntarily dismiss the Company from the action, subject to approval by the United States and the various states on whose behalf the relator filed suit. On March 2, 2012, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the Johnson & Johnson defendants’ motion to dismiss. Specifically, the court ruled that it lacked jurisdiction over the relator’s claims under the False Claims Act, and it declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the relator’s claims under various state false claims statutes. On April 19, 2012, the Court granted the relator’s unopposed motion to dismiss the Company from the action. III. Government Investigations and Subpoenas From time-to-time, the Company receives subpoenas or requests for information from various government agencies. The Company generally responds to such subpoenas and requests in a cooperative, thorough and timely manner. These responses sometimes require considerable time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred by the Company. Such subpoenas and requests also can lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of civil or criminal legal proceedings against the Company and other members of the health care industry, as well as to settlements. Examples of such requests and subpoenas include the following two items. First, prior to its recent acquisition by the Company, US Oncology was informed that the United States Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and the Attorney General for the State of Texas (“Texas AG”) had opened investigations to determine whether a transaction in which certain Austin, Texas based oncology physicians became employees of an existing Texas US Oncology affiliated oncology practice group violated relevant state or federal antitrust laws. US Oncology has responded to requests for information from the government agencies and the Company has continued to cooperate with the FTC and the Texas Attorney General regarding these investigations. US Oncology has reached an agreement with the Texas AG fully resolving its inquiry, and the FTC has informed US Oncology that it has closed its file regarding the matter. Second, the Company has been informed of an investigation by the Regie de l’assurance maladie Du Quebec (“RAMQ”) to which the Company’s subsidiary, McKesson Canada Corporation (“MCC”), has responded. RAMQ is a provincial government agency with administrative authority over the conduct of pharmaceutical businesses in Quebec Province. MCC has cooperated fully with the investigation which has been conducted, with substantial interruptions, from 2009 through the present. The Company believes that the investigation is focused on certain discounts and payments offered to pharmacies in the Quebec Province. IV. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of the Company’s former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, the Company is involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. The Company has received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial actions purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at eight sites where it, or entities acquired by it, formerly conducted operations and the Company, by administrative order or otherwise, has agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. In addition, the Company is one of multiple recipients of a New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Agency directive and a separate United States Environmental Protection Agency directive relating to potential natural resources damages (“NRD”) associated with one of these eight sites. Although the Company’s potential allocation under either directive cannot be determined at this time, it has agreed to participate with a potentially responsible party (“PRP”) group in the funding of an NRD assessment, the costs of which are reflected in the aggregate estimates set forth below. Based on a determination by the Company’s environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of the Company’s probable loss associated with the remediation costs for these eight sites is $7 million, net of approximately $1.7 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or is expected, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $7 million is expected to be paid out between April 2012 and March 2032. The Company’s estimated probable loss for these environmental matters has been entirely accrued for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 98 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In addition, the Company has been designated as a PRP under the Superfund law for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of its alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 13 sites. With respect to these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter, costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. At one of these sites, the United State Environmental Protection Agency has recently selected a preferred remedy with an estimated cost of approximately $70 million. It is not certain at this point in time what proportion of this estimated liability will be borne by the Company or by the other PRPs. Accordingly, the Company’s estimated probable loss at those 13 sites is approximately $1 million, which has been entirely accrued for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by the Company in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. V. Other Matters The Company is involved in various other litigation and governmental proceedings, not described above, that arise in the normal course of business. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate outcome or the duration of any such litigation or governmental proceedings, the Company believes, based on current knowledge and the advice of counsel, that such litigation and proceedings will not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position or results of operations. 20. Stockholders’ Equity Each share of the Company’s outstanding common stock is permitted one vote on proposals presented to stockholders and is entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). In April 2011, the quarterly dividend was raised from $0.18 to $0.20 per common share for dividends declared after such date, until further action by the Board. Dividends were $0.80 per share in 2012, $0.72 per share in 2011 and $0.48 per share in 2010. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company’s future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. Share Repurchases Stock repurchases may be made from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations and other market and economic conditions. The Board authorized the repurchase of the Company’s common stock as follows: $1.0 billion in April 2010, $1.0 billion in October 2010, $1.0 billion in April 2011 and $650 million in January 2012. Total share repurchases transacted through ASR programs and open market transactions over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2012 2011 2010 Number of shares repurchased (1) 20 29 8 Average price paid per share $ 83.47 $ 69.62 $ 41.47 Total value of shares repurchased $ 1,850 $ 2,032 $ 299 (1) Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. 99 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) In 2012 and 2011, the majority of our share repurchases were transacted through a number of ASR programs with third party financial institutions as follows: $1.0 billion in May 2010, $275 million in March 2011, $650 million in May 2011 and $1.2 billion in March 2012. In 2010, all of our share repurchases were conducted through open market transactions. All programs were funded with cash on hand. In March 2012, we entered into an ASR program with a third party financial institution to repurchase $1.2 billion of the Company’s common stock. As of March 31, 2012, we had received 12 million shares representing the minimum number of shares due under this program, and the average price paid per share of $87.19 was based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock less a discount calculated as of March 31, 2012. The total number of shares to be ultimately repurchased by us and the final settlement price per share will be determined at the completion of this program based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock during the program, less a discount. This program is anticipated to be completed no later than the second quarter of 2013. In April 2012, the Board authorized the repurchase of an additional $700 million of the Company’s common stock, bringing the total authorization outstanding to $1.0 billion. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Information regarding our accumulated other comprehensive income is as follows: March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax $ (178) $ (157) Translation adjustments 188 244 Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax (5) — Total $ 5 $ 87 21. Related Party Balances and Transactions Notes receivable outstanding from certain of our current and former officers totaled $15 million at March 31, 2012 and 2011. These notes related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from 4.7% to 7.1% and were due at various dates through February 2004. Interest income on these notes is recognized only to the extent that cash is received. These notes, which are included in other capital in the consolidated balance sheets, were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are at full recourse to the borrower. At March 31, 2012, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $15 million. The collectability of these notes is evaluated on an ongoing basis. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, we provided a reserve of nil and approximately $1 million for the outstanding notes. We incurred $10 million in 2012 and $11 million in 2011 and 2010 of annual rental expense paid to an equity-held investment. 100 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) 22. Segments of Business We report our operations in two operating segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. The factors for determining the reportable segments included the manner in which management evaluates the performance of the Company combined with the nature of the individual business activities. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. The Distribution Solutions segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and equipment and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also provides specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, sells financial, operational and clinical solutions for pharmacies (retail, hospital, alternate site) and provides consulting, outsourcing and other services. This segment includes a 49% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. (“Nadro”), one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Mexico. The Technology Solutions segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions, pharmacy automation for hospitals, as well as connectivity, outsourcing and other services, including remote hosting and managed services, to healthcare organizations. This segment also includes our Payer group of businesses, which includes our InterQual ® clinical criteria solution, medical management tools, claims payment solutions, network performance tools and care management programs. The segment’s customers include hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail pharmacies and payers from North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries and Israel. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are classified in one of three categories: services, software and software systems and hardware. Services revenues primarily include fees associated with installing our software and software systems, as well as revenues associated with software maintenance and support, remote processing, disease and medical management, and other outsourcing and professional services. Software and software systems revenues primarily include revenues from licensing our software and software systems, including the segment’s clinical auditing and compliance and InterQual ® businesses. Corporate includes expenses associated with Corporate functions and projects and the results of certain equity-held investments. Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments to the extent that these items can be directly attributable to the segment. Effective April 1, 2011, we centralized certain information technology functions from our operating segments to Corporate. Corporate now manages, provides and charges these services to our operating segments. As a result of this centralization, certain assets were transferred from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. Segment depreciation and amortization, expenditures for long-lived assets and assets have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the change in the composition of our operating segments. There was no material change in segment revenue or operating profit as a result of this change. 101 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Financial information relating to our reportable operating segments and reconciliations to the consolidated totals is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Revenues Distribution Solutions (1) Direct distribution & services $ 85,523 $ 77,554 $ 72,210 Sales to customers’ warehouses 20,453 18,631 21,435 Total U.S. pharmaceutical distribution & services 105,976 96,185 93,645 Canada pharmaceutical distribution & services 10,303 9,784 9,072 Medical-Surgical distribution & services 3,145 2,920 2,861 Total Distribution Solutions 119,424 108,889 105,578 Technology Solutions Services 2,594 2,483 2,439 Software & software systems 596 590 571 Hardware 120 122 114 Total Technology Solutions 3,310 3,195 3,124 Total $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Operating profit Distribution Solutions (2) $ 2,219 $ 1,897 $ 1,988 Technology Solutions (3) 364 301 385 Total 2,583 2,198 2,373 Corporate (413) (341) (342) Litigation credit, net — — 20 Interest expense (251) (222) (187) Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 Depreciation and amortization (4) (5) Distribution Solutions $ 225 $ 167 $ 154 Technology Solutions 209 209 212 Corporate 117 120 111 Total $ 551 $ 496 $ 477 Expenditures for long-lived assets (5) (6) Distribution Solutions $ 175 $ 158 $ 90 Technology Solutions 22 26 31 Corporate 28 49 78 Total $ 225 $ 233 $ 199 Segment assets, at year end (5) Distribution Solutions $ 25,374 $ 22,732 $ 19,599 Technology Solutions 3,575 3,504 3,635 Total 28,949 26,236 23,234 Corporate Cash and cash equivalents 3,149 3,612 3,731 Other 995 1,038 1,224 Total $ 33,093 $ 30,886 $ 28,189 (1) Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment’s total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. (2) Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $149 million and $213 million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (3) Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $51 million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales. (4) Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. (5) Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. (6) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. 102 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Continued) Revenues and property, plant and equipment by geographic areas were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Revenues United States $ 112,230 $ 102,089 $ 99,387 International 10,504 9,995 9,315 Total $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Property, plant and equipment, net, at year end United States $ 952 $ 901 $ 764 International 91 90 87 Total $ 1,043 $ 991 $ 851 International operations primarily consist of our operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel. We also have an equity-held investment (Nadro) in Mexico. Net revenues were attributed to geographic areas based on the customers’ shipment locations. 23. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) (In millions, except per share amounts) First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Revenues $ 29,980 $ 30,216 $ 30,839 $ 31,699 Gross profit 1,509 1,647 1,566 1,845 Net income (1)(2) 286 296 300 521 Earnings per common share (1)(2)(6) Diluted $ 1.13 $ 1.18 $ 1.20 $ 2.09 Basic 1.15 1.20 1.22 2.14 Fiscal 2011 Revenues $ 27,450 $ 27,534 $ 28,247 $ 28,853 Gross profit 1,392 1,366 1,461 1,751 Net income (1)(3)(4)(5) 298 327 155 422 Earnings per common share (1)(3)(4)(5)(6) Diluted Continuing operations $ 1.10 $ 0.97 $ 0.60 $ 1.62 Discontinued operation (5) — 0.28 — — Total $ 1.10 $ 1.25 $ 0.60 $ 1.62 Earnings per common share (1)(3)(4)(5)(6) Basic Continuing operations $ 1.12 $ 0.99 $ 0.61 $ 1.65 Discontinued operation (5) — 0.28 — — Total $ 1.12 $ 1.27 $ 0.61 $ 1.65 (1) Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $118 million pre-tax ($77 million after-tax), $27 million pre-tax ($15 million after-tax) and $4 million pre-tax (benefit of $32 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $24 million pre-tax ($16 million after-tax) and $189 million pre-tax ($133 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. (2) Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $42 million and $9 million. (3) Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (4) Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales. (5) Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $95 million pre-tax ($72 million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP. (6) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. 103 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL NOTES (Concluded) 24. Subsequent Event In April 2012, we purchased the remaining 50% interest in our corporate headquarters building located in San Francisco, California, for total cash of $90 million. The cash paid was funded from cash on hand. We previously held a 50% ownership interest and are the primary tenant in this building. As a result, this transaction will be accounted for as a step acquisition, which requires that we re-measure our previously held 50% interest to fair value and record the difference between the fair value and carrying value as a gain in the consolidated statements of operations. The total fair value of the net assets acquired was $180 million, which was preliminarily allocated as follows: buildings and improvements of $113 million and land of $58 million with the remainder allocated to settlement of our pre-existing lease and lease intangible assets. The fair value of the buildings and improvements was determined based on current market replacement costs less depreciation and unamortized tenant improvement costs, as well as, other relevant market information, and has a weighted average useful life of 30 years. The fair value of the land was determined using comparable sales of land within the surrounding market. The re-measurement to fair value is anticipated to result in a pre-tax gain of approximately $75 million ($46 million after-tax). The pre-tax gain will be recorded within Corporate in the consolidated statements of operations during the quarter ending June 30, 2012. 104 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of other members of the Company’s management, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures” (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures as required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management’s report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and the related report of our independent registered public accounting firm are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings, “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” and “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and are incorporated herein by reference. Changes in Internal Controls There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our fourth quarter of 2012 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 105 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Information about our Directors is incorporated by reference from the discussion under Item 1 of our Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”) under the heading “Election of Directors.” Information about compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our Proxy Statement. Information about our Audit Committee, including the members of the committee and our Audit Committee Financial Expert, is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings “Audit Committee Report” and “Audit Committee Financial Expert” in our Proxy Statement. Information about the Code of Ethics governing our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Financial Managers can be found on our website, www.mckesson.com , under the Investors – Corporate Governance tab. The Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and Charters for the Audit and Compensation Committees and the Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance can also be found on our website under the Investors – Corporate Governance tab. The Company intends to disclose required information regarding any amendment to or waiver under the Code of Ethics referred to above by posting such information on our website within four business days after any such amendment or waiver. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Executive Compensation” in our Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading “Principal Stockholders” in our Proxy Statement. 106 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION The following table sets forth information as of March 31, 2012 with respect to the plans under which the Company’s common stock is authorized for issuance: Plan Category (In millions, except per share amounts) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 13.2 (2) $59.24 10.9 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0.6 (4) $32.70 — (1) The weighted-average exercise price set forth in this column is calculated excluding outstanding restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards, since recipients are not required to pay an exercise price to receive the shares subject to these awards. (2) Represents options and RSUs awarded under the following plans: (i) 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan; (ii) 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan; and (iii) the 2005 Stock Plan. (3) Represents 1,599,560 shares available for purchase under the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 9,278,617 shares available for grant under the 2005 Stock Plan. (4) Represents options and RSUs awarded under the following plans: (i) 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan; and (ii) the 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan. No further awards will be made under either of these plans. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have been approved by the Company’s stockholders. The plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, except for the portion of the 2005 Stock Plan related to Non-Employee Directors, which is administered by the Board of Directors or its Committee on Directors and Corporate Governance. 2005 Stock Plan: The 2005 Stock Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors on May 25, 2005 and approved by the Company’s stockholders on July 27, 2005. The 2005 Stock Plan permits the granting of up to 42.5 million shares in the form of stock options, restricted stock (“RS”), RSUs, performance-based restricted stock units (“PeRSUs”) and other share-based awards. For any one share of common stock issued in connection with a RS, RSU, PeRSU or other share-based award, two shares shall be deducted from the shares available for future grants. Shares of common stock not issued or delivered as a result of the net exercise of a stock option, shares used to pay the withholding taxes related to a stock award or shares repurchased on the open market with proceeds from the exercise of options shall not be returned to the reserve of shares available for issuance under the 2005 Stock Plan. Stock options are granted at no less than fair market value and those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan generally have a contractual term of seven years. Prior to 2005, stock options typically had a contractual term of ten years. Options generally become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the grant date or after four years from the date of grant. The vesting of RS or RSUs is determined by the Compensation Committee at the time of grant. RS and RSUs generally vest over four years. Vesting of PeRSUs ranges from one to three-year periods following the end of the performance period and may follow the graded or cliff method of vesting. Non-employee directors may be granted an award on the date of each annual meeting of the stockholders for up to 5,000 RSUs, as determined by the Board. Such non-employee director award is fully vested on the date of the grant. 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan . The 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan was approved by the Company’s stockholders on July 30, 1997; however, stockholder approval of the 2005 Stock Plan on July 27, 2005 had the effect of terminating the 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan such that no new awards would be granted under the 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan. 107 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan. The 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan expired by its terms on October 18, 2004, ten years after approval by the Board of Directors on October 19, 1994. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”): The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. In March 2002, the Board amended the ESPP to allow for participation in the plan by employees of certain of the Company’s international and certain other subsidiaries. As to those employees, the ESPP does not qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Currently, 16 million shares have been approved by stockholders for issuance under the ESPP. The ESPP is implemented through a continuous series of three-month purchase periods (“Purchase Periods”) during which contributions can be made toward the purchase of common stock under the plan. Each eligible employee may elect to authorize regular payroll deductions during the next succeeding Purchase Period, the amount of which may not exceed 15% of a participant’s compensation. At the end of each Purchase Period, the funds withheld by each participant will be used to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock. The purchase price of each share of the Company’s common stock is based on 85% of the fair market value of each share on the last day of the applicable Purchase Period. In general, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be purchased by a participant for each calendar year is determined by dividing $25,000 by the fair market value of one share of common stock on the offering date. The following are descriptions of equity plans that have not been submitted for approval by the Company’s stockholders: On July 27, 2005, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2005 Stock Plan which had the effect of terminating the 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, the 1998 Canadian Stock Incentive Plan and certain 1999 one-time stock option plan awards, which plans had not been submitted for approval by the Company’s stockholders, and, as noted above, the 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, which had previously been approved by the Company’s stockholders. Prior grants under these plans include stock options, RS and RSUs. Stock options under the terminated plans generally have a ten-year life and vest over four years. RS contains certain restrictions on transferability and may not be transferred until such restrictions lapse. Each of these plans has outstanding equity grants, which are subject to the terms and conditions of their respective plans, but no new grants will be made under these terminated plans. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. Information with respect to certain transactions with management is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement under the heading “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.” Additional information regarding certain related party balances and transactions is included in the Financial Review section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Financial Note 21, “Related Party Balances and Transactions,” to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Information regarding principal accounting fees and services is set forth under the heading “Ratification of Appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 2013” in our Proxy Statement and all such information is incorporated herein by reference. 108 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule. Page (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Deloitte & Touche, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 53 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 54 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2012 and 2011 55 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 56 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 57 Financial Notes 58 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 111 All other schedules not included have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information, where material, is shown in the financial statements, financial notes or supplementary financial information. (a)(3) Exhibits submitted with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and those incorporated by reference to other filings are listed on the Exhibit Index 112 109 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. M C K ESSON C ORPORATION Dated: May 2, 2012 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: * * John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) M. Christine Jacobs, Director * * Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Marie L. Knowles, Director * * Nigel A. Rees Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) David M. Lawrence, M.D., Director * * Andy D. Bryant, Director Edward A. Mueller, Director * * Wayne A. Budd, Director Jane E. Shaw, Director * /s/ Laureen E. Seeger Alton F. Irby III, Director Laureen E. Seeger *Attorney-in-Fact Dated: May 2, 2012 110 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION SCHEDULE II SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 (In millions) Additions Description Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Charged to Other Accounts (3) Deductions From Allowance Accounts (1) Balance at End of Year (2) Year Ended March 31, 2012 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 124 $ 30 $ — $ (43) $ 111 Other allowances 16 5 — (7) 14 $ 140 $ 35 $ — $ (50) $ 125 Year Ended March 31, 2011 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 131 $ 18 $ 5 $ (30) $ 124 Other allowances 24 — (2) (6) 16 $ 155 $ 18 $ 3 $ (36) $ 140 Year Ended March 31, 2010 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 152 $ 17 $ 7 $ (45) $ 131 Other allowances 12 6 10 (4) 24 $ 164 $ 23 $ 17 $ (49) $ 155 2012 2011 2010 (1) Deductions: Written off $ (44) $ (36) $ (49) Credited to other accounts (6) — — Total $ (50) $ (36) $ (49) (2) Amounts shown as deductions from current and non-current receivables $ 125 $ 140 $ 155 (3) Primarily represents reclassifications from other balance sheet accounts. 111 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION EXHIBIT INDEX The agreements included as exhibits to this report are included to provide information regarding their terms and not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement, and; • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Exhibits identified under “Incorporated by Reference” in the table below are on file with the Commission and are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on July 27, 2011. 10-Q 1-13252 3.1 August 2, 2011 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, as amended July 27, 2011. 8-K 1-13252 3.2 August 2, 2011 4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 11, 1997, by and between the Company, as Issuer, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee. 10-K 1-13252 4.4 June 19, 1997 4.2 Indenture, dated as of January 29, 2002, between the Company, as Issuer, and The Bank of New York, as Trustee. 10-K 1-13252 4.6 June 12, 2002 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2007, by and between the Company, as Issuer, and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 8-K 1-13252 4.1 March 5, 2007 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2011, to the Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2007, among the Company, as Issuer, the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 8-K 1-13252 4.2 February 28, 2011 10.1* McKesson Corporation 1994 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan as amended through July 31, 2001. 10-K 1-13252 10.4 June 12, 2002 10.2* McKesson Corporation 1999 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan, as amended through May 26, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.2 May 7, 2008 10.3* McKesson Corporation 1997 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan, as amended through January 29, 2003. 10-K 1-13252 10.4 June 10, 2004 112 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.4 * McKesson Corporation Supplemental Profit Sharing Investment Plan, as amended and restated on January 29, 2003. 10-K 1-13252 10.6 June 6, 2003 10.5 * McKesson Corporation Supplemental Profit Sharing Investment Plan II, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 October 29, 2008 10.6 * McKesson Corporation Deferred Compensation Administration Plan, as amended and restated as of October 28, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.6 May 13, 2005 10.7 * McKesson Corporation Deferred Compensation Administration Plan II, as amended and restated as of October 28, 2004, and Amendment No. 1 thereto effective July 25, 2007. 10-K 1-13252 10.7 May 7, 2008 10.8 * McKesson Corporation Deferred Compensation Administration Plan III, as amended and restated October 24, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.2 October 29, 2008 10.9 * McKesson Corporation Option Gain Deferral Plan, as amended and restated as of October 28, 2004. 10-K 1-13252 10.8 May 13, 2005 10.10 * McKesson Corporation Executive Benefit Retirement Plan, as amended and restated on October 24, 2008. 10-Q 1-13252 10.3 October 29, 2008 10.11 * McKesson Corporation Executive Survivor Benefits Plan, as amended and restated as of January 20, 2010. 8-K 1-13252 10.1 January 25, 2010 10.12 * McKesson Corporation Severance Policy for Executive Employees, as amended and restated December 29, 2008. 10-K 1-13252 10.12 May 5, 2009 10.13 * McKesson Corporation Change in Control Policy for Selected Executive Employees, as amended and restated on October 26, 2010. 10-Q 1-13252 10.2 February 1, 2011 10.14 * McKesson Corporation 2005 Management Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on April 21, 2010, effective July 28, 2010. 10-Q 1-13252 10.3 July 30, 2010 10.15 * Form of Statement of Terms and Conditions Applicable to Awards Pursuant to the McKesson Corporation 2005 Management Incentive Plan, effective April 20, 2010. 10-K 1-13252 10.15 May 4, 2010 10.16 * McKesson Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 26, 2010. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 July 30, 2010 10.17 * Form of Statement and Terms and Conditions Applicable to Awards Pursuant to the McKesson Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan, made on or after May 26, 2009. 10-Q 1-13252 10.2 July 30, 2010 10.18 * McKesson Corporation 2005 Stock Plan, as amended and restated on July 28, 2010. 10-Q 1-13252 10.4 July 30, 2010 113 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.19* Forms of (i) Statement of Standard Terms and Conditions applicable to Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares, (ii) Stock Option Grant Notice and (iii) Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, under the McKesson Corporation 2005 Stock Plan, as amended and restated on October 26, 2010. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 February 1, 2011 10.20 Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2011, among the Company, as Servicer, CGSF Funding Corporation, as Seller, the several conduit purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several committed purchasers from time to time party to the Agreement, the several managing agents from time to time party to the Agreement, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 July 28, 2011 10.21 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011, among the Company and McKesson Canada Corporation, collectively, the Borrowers, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. (acting through its Canada branch), as Canadian Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as L/C Issuer, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., The Bank of Nova Scotia and U.S. Bank National Association as Co-Documentation Agents, and The Other Lenders Party Thereto, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager. 10-Q 1-13252 10.1 October 25, 2011 10.22 Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2010, among The Company, Bank of America N.A., as Administrative Agent, and The Other Lenders party thereto. 8-K 1-13252 10.1 November 29, 2010 10.23* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2008, by and between the Company and its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 10-Q 1-13252 10.10 October 29, 2008 10.24* Letter dated March 27, 2012 relinquishing certain rights provided in the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 8-K 1-13252 10.1 April 2, 2012 10.25* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2008, by and between the Company and its Executive Vice President and Group President. 10-Q 1-13252 10.12 October 29, 2008 10.26* Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement. 10-K 1-13252 10.27 May 4, 2010 12† Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. — — — — 114 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 21† List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. — — — — 23† Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP. — — — — 24† Power of Attorney. — — — — 31.1† Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. — — — — 31.2† Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, and adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. — — — — 32†† Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. — — — — 101† The following materials from the McKesson Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) related notes. — — — — * Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement in which directors and/or executive officers are eligible to participate. † Filed herewith. †† Furnished herewith. Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of each instrument defining the rights of security holders with respect to issues of long-term debt of the registrant, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant. 115 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE OFFICERS John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, McKesson Corporation John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Andy D. Bryant Vice Chairman of the Board, Intel Corporation Patrick J. Blake Executive Vice President and Group President Wayne A. Budd Senior Counsel, Goodwin Procter LLP Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alton F. Irby III Chairman and Founding Partner, London Bay Capital Jorge L. Figueredo Executive Vice President, Human Resources M. Christine Jacobs Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Theragenics Corporation Paul C. Julian Executive Vice President and Group President Marie L. Knowles Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Retired, Atlantic Richfield Company Laureen E. Seeger Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer David M. Lawrence, M.D. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Retired, Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. and Kaiser Foundation Hospitals Randall N. Spratt Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer Edward A. Mueller Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Retired, Qwest Communications International Inc. Nicholas A. Loiacono Vice President and Treasurer Jane E. Shaw, Ph.D. Chairman of the Board, Intel Corporation; Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Retired, Aerogen, Inc. Nigel A. Rees Vice President and Controller Willie C. Bogan Secretary 116 Table of Contents McKESSON CORPORATION CORPORATE INFORMATION Common Stock McKesson Corporation common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (ticker symbol MCK) and is quoted in the daily stock tables carried by most newspapers. Stockholder Information Wells Fargo Shareowner Services, 161 Concord Exchange North, South St. Paul, MN 55075 acts as transfer agent, registrar, dividend-paying agent and dividend reinvestment plan agent for McKesson Corporation stock and maintains all registered stockholder records for the Company. For information about McKesson Corporation stock or to request replacement of lost dividend checks, stock certificates, 1099-DIVs, or to have your dividend check deposited directly into your checking or savings account, stockholders may call Wells Fargo Shareowner Services’ telephone response center at (866) 614-9635. For the hearing impaired call (651) 450-4144. Wells Fargo Shareowner Services also has a website: http://www.wellsfargo.com/shareownerservices – that stockholders may use 24 hours a day to request account information. Dividends and Dividend Reinvestment Plan Dividends are generally paid on the first business day of January, April, July and October. McKesson Corporation’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan offers stockholders the opportunity to reinvest dividends in common stock and to purchase additional shares of common stock. Stock in an individual’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan is held in book entry at the Company’s transfer agent, Wells Fargo Shareowner Services. For more information, or to request an enrollment form, call Wells Fargo Shareowner Services’ telephone response center at (866) 614-9635. From outside the United States, call +1-651-450-4064. Annual Meeting McKesson Corporation’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 8:30 a.m. PDT, on Wednesday, July 25, 2012 at 1221 Chess Drive, Foster City, CA 94404. 117
Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges Exhibit 12 McKESSON CORPORATION COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Earnings: Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 $ 1,064 $ 1,457 Adjustment to exclude equity in net income of and dividends from equity investees (2 ) 9 (2 ) (1 ) (17 ) Fixed charges 332 280 240 195 198 Amortization of capitalized interest 3 3 4 4 4 Less: Capitalized interest (1 ) (3 ) — (1 ) (3 ) Earnings as adjusted $ 2,251 $ 1,924 $ 2,106 $ 1,261 $ 1,639 Fixed charges: Interest expense (a)(c) $ 251 $ 222 $ 187 $ 144 $ 142 Capitalized interest 1 3 — 1 3 Portion of rental expense representative of the interest factor (b) 80 55 53 50 53 Total fixed charges $ 332 $ 280 $ 240 $ 195 $ 198 Ratio: Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 6.8 6.9 8.8 6.5 8.3 (a) Interest expense includes amortization of debt discounts and deferred loan costs. (b) One-third of net rent expense is the portion of rental expense deemed representative of the interest factor. (c) Interest accrued on the liability recorded for uncertain tax positions is excluded from Interest expense.
List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT There is no parent of the Company. The following is a listing of the significant subsidiaries of the Company, or if indented, subsidiaries of the Company under which they are listed. JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION CGSF Funding Corporation Delaware McKesson Technologies Inc. Delaware McKesson Financial Holdings Ireland
<![CDATA[Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP]]> Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in McKesson Corporation Registration Statement Nos. 033-86536, 333-21931, 333-30216, 333-20224, 333-30226, 333-32643, 333-32645, 333-43101, 333-43079, 333-48337, 333-48339, 333-39952, 333-39954, 333-62870, 333-67378, 333-67380, 333-84806, 333-101210, 333-147182, and 333-163642 on Form S-8, Registration Statement Nos. 333-26103 and Amendment No. 1 thereto, 333-85973 and Amendment Nos. 1 and 2 thereto, and 333-179879 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement No. 333-56623 and Amendment No.1 thereto on Form S-4, of our report dated May 2, 2012, relating to the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedule of McKesson Corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of McKesson Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of McKesson Corporation for the year ended March 31, 2012. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP San Francisco, California May 2, 2012
Power of Attorney Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned directors and officers of McKesson Corporation, a Delaware corporation, does hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey C. Campbell, Laureen E. Seeger and Willie C. Bogan such undersigned’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such undersigned and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as such undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or each of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This Power of Attorney may be signed in several counterparts. /s/ Andy D. Bryant /s/ Marie L. Knowles Andy D. Bryant, Director /s/ Wayne A. Budd Marie L. Knowles, Director /s/ David M. Lawrence Wayne A. Budd, Director /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell David M. Lawrence, M.D., Director /s/ Edward A. Mueller Jeffrey C. Campbell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ John H. Hammergren Edward A. Mueller, Director /s/ Nigel A. Rees John H. Hammergren, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Alton F. Irby Nigel A. Rees, Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Jane E. Shaw Alton F. Irby III, Director /s/ M. Christine Jacobs Jane E. Shaw, Director M. Christine Jacobs, Director Dated: April 25, 2012
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, John H. Hammergren, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of McKesson Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 2, 2012 /s/ John H. Hammergren John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeffrey C. Campbell, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of McKesson Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 2, 2012 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Certification pursuant to Section 906 Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of McKesson Corporation (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ John H. Hammergren John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer May 2, 2012 /s/ Jeffrey C. Campbell Jeffrey C. Campbell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer May 2, 2012 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to McKesson Corporation and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
0000927653 mck:IntangibleAssetsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:IntangibleAssetsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsWrittenOffMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsCreditedToOtherAccountsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DeductionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsWrittenOffMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsCreditedToOtherAccountsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DeductionsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsWrittenOffMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsCreditedToOtherAccountsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DeductionsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:CurrentAndNonCurrentReceivablesMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:CurrentAndNonCurrentReceivablesMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:CurrentAndNonCurrentReceivablesMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherAllowancesMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 mck:MckessonAsiaPacificPtyLimitedMember 2010-07-01 2010-09-30 0000927653 us-gaap:ResearchMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 2012-04-01 2012-04-30 0000927653 2012-01-01 2012-01-31 0000927653 mck:AsrMay2011Member 2011-05-01 2011-05-31 0000927653 2011-04-01 2011-04-30 0000927653 mck:AsrMarch2011Member 2011-03-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 2010-10-01 2010-10-31 0000927653 mck:AsrMay2010Member 2010-05-01 2010-05-31 0000927653 2010-04-01 2010-04-30 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherAdditionalCapitalMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:BridgeLoanMember 2011-02-28 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeTwoMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeThreeMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeOneMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeFourMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeTwoMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeThreeMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeOneMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:RangeFourMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:PerRestrictedStockUnitMember 2011-05-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:KatzGroupMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsSoftwareAndSoftwareSystemsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsServicesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsHardwareMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:InternationalMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsSalesToCustomersWarehousesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMedicalSurgicalDistributionAndServicesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsDomesticPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsDirectDistributionAndServicesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsCanadaPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 country:US 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsSoftwareAndSoftwareSystemsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsServicesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsHardwareMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:InternationalMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsSalesToCustomersWarehousesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMedicalSurgicalDistributionAndServicesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsDomesticPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsDirectDistributionAndServicesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsCanadaPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 country:US 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsSoftwareAndSoftwareSystemsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsServicesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsHardwareMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:InternationalMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsSalesToCustomersWarehousesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMedicalSurgicalDistributionAndServicesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsDomesticPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsDirectDistributionAndServicesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsCanadaPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 country:US 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:NotesReceivableMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:NotesReceivableMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateHeadquartersMember us-gaap:BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember 2012-04-01 2012-04-30 0000927653 mck:InternationalMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 country:US 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:InternationalMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 country:US 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:InternationalMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 country:US 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LandMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:BuildingMachineryEquipmentAndOtherMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LandMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:BuildingMachineryEquipmentAndOtherMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 2011-02-01 2011-02-28 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2012-04-01 2012-04-30 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember us-gaap:EmployeeSeveranceMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember mck:OtherProductAlignmentChargesMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember mck:NonCashAssetImpairmentChargesMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember mck:CustomerAllowancesMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ProductAlignmentMember mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ForeignCountryMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2010-12-01 2010-12-30 0000927653 mck:NorthstarRxMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:MckessonMedicalSurgicalIncMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributorMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2011-10-23 2011-10-25 0000927653 us-gaap:DamagesFromProductDefectsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherLongTermDebtMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ThreePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSixteenMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:SixPointFiveZeroPercentNotesDueFebruaryFifteenTwoThousandFourteenMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:SixPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandFortyOneMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSixFivePercentDebenturesDueMarchOneTwoThousandTwentySevenMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSevenFivePercentNotesDueFebruaryOneTwoThousandTwelveMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointFiveZeroPercentNotesDueFebruaryFifteenTwoThousandNineteenMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherLongTermDebtMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FourPointSevenFivePercentNotesDuesMarchOneTwoThousandTwentyOneMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FivePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandThirteenMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FivePointSevenZeroPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSeventeenMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AntitrustClassActionLawsuitMember mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AntitrustClassActionLawsuitMember mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2010-04-01 2010-06-30 0000927653 mck:PsipProceedsFromUnallocatedSharesConsolidatedSecuritiesLitigationActionMember mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember 2009-10-01 2009-10-31 0000927653 mck:PsipProceedsFromAllocatedSharesConsolidatedSecuritiesLitigationActionMember mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember 2009-10-01 2009-10-31 0000927653 mck:PsipProceedsConsolidatedSecuritiesLitigationActionMember mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember 2009-10-01 2009-10-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2009-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:BridgeLoanMember 2010-12-31 0000927653 us-gaap:BridgeLoanMember 2010-11-30 0000927653 mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember mck:SeniorSecuredNotesDue2017AndSeniorSubordinatedNotesDue2014Member 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember mck:SeniorSecuredNotesDue2017AndSeniorSubordinatedNotesDue2014Member 2011-01-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OptionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:OptionsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:OptionsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCustomerGuaranteesMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCustomerGuaranteesMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:GuaranteeObligationsInventoryRepurchaseGuaranteesMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:GuaranteeObligationsInventoryRepurchaseGuaranteesMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:StandbyLettersOfCreditAndSuretyBondsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCustomerGuaranteesMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:GuaranteeObligationsInventoryRepurchaseGuaranteesMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:CapitalizedSoftwareHeldForInternalUseMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:NadroMember mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:PerRestrictedStockUnitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 2012-01-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 2011-10-01 2011-12-31 0000927653 2011-07-01 2011-09-30 0000927653 2011-04-01 2011-06-30 0000927653 2011-01-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 2010-10-01 2010-12-31 0000927653 2010-07-01 2010-09-30 0000927653 2010-04-01 2010-06-30 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:PrescriptionDrugsMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:MedicalMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DentalMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:PrescriptionDrugsMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:MedicalMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DentalMember us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ReceivableMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:PayableMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:CommonAndPreferredStockMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:CommonAndPreferredStockMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:CommonAndPreferredStockMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:USGovernmentAgenciesDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MortgageBackedSecuritiesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InvestmentsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CorporateDebtSecuritiesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AssetBackedSecuritiesSecuritizedLoansAndReceivablesMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:ReceivableMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:PayableMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:FixedIncomeCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquityCommingledFundsMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:CommonAndPreferredStockMember us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:UnitedStatesPensionPlansOfUSEntityDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:UnitedStatesPensionPlansOfUSEntityDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RealEstateFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:HedgeFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OtherFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ThreePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSixteenMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SixPointFiveZeroPercentNotesDueFebruaryFifteenTwoThousandFourteenMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SixPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandFortyOneMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSixFivePercentDebenturesDueMarchOneTwoThousandTwentySevenMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSevenFivePercentNotesDueFebruaryOneTwoThousandTwelveMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointFiveZeroPercentNotesDueFebruaryFifteenTwoThousandNineteenMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FourPointSevenFivePercentNotesDuesMarchOneTwoThousandTwentyOneMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FivePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandThirteenMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FivePointSevenZeroPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSeventeenMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:ThreePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSixteenMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SixPointFiveZeroPercentNotesDueFebruaryFifteenTwoThousandFourteenMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SixPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandFortyOneMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSixFivePercentDebenturesDueMarchOneTwoThousandTwentySevenMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSevenFivePercentNotesDueFebruaryOneTwoThousandTwelveMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointFiveZeroPercentNotesDueFebruaryFifteenTwoThousandNineteenMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FourPointSevenFivePercentNotesDuesMarchOneTwoThousandTwentyOneMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FivePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandThirteenMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FivePointSevenZeroPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSeventeenMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSevenFivePercentNotesDueFebruaryOneTwoThousandTwelveMember 2012-02-29 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember mck:SeniorSubordinatedNotesDue2014Member 2010-12-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember mck:SeniorSecuredNotesDue2017Member 2010-12-31 0000927653 mck:NinePointOneThreePercentSeriesCSeniorNotesMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:ThreePointTwoFivePercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandSixteenMember 2011-02-28 0000927653 mck:SixPercentNotesDueMarchOneTwoThousandFortyOneMember 2011-02-28 0000927653 mck:FourPointSevenFivePercentNotesDuesMarchOneTwoThousandTwentyOneMember 2011-02-28 0000927653 mck:SevenPointSevenFivePercentNotesDueFebruaryOneTwoThousandTwelveMember 2012-02-01 2012-02-29 0000927653 mck:NinePointOneThreePercentSeriesCSeniorNotesMember 2010-03-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:SalesRevenueSegmentMember mck:RiteAidCorporationMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:SalesRevenueSegmentMember mck:CvsCaremarkCorporationMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember mck:WalMartStoresIncMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember mck:RiteAidCorporationMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember mck:CvsCaremarkCorporationMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:SalesRevenueSegmentMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2011-03-31 0000927653 2009-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2010-07-01 2010-09-30 0000927653 mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateHeadquartersMember us-gaap:LandMember 2012-04-30 0000927653 mck:CorporateHeadquartersMember us-gaap:BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember 2012-04-30 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember mck:KatzGroupMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2012-03-25 0000927653 mck:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember mck:KatzGroupMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2012-03-25 0000927653 mck:KatzGroupMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2012-03-25 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2011-12-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateHeadquartersMember 2012-04-30 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2010-12-30 0000927653 us-gaap:BridgeLoanMember 2011-01-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ReportableSegmentsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ReportableSegmentsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ReportableSegmentsMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2010-03-31 0000927653 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:PerRestrictedStockUnitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:PerRestrictedStockUnitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:PerRestrictedStockUnitMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-23 2012-03-25 0000927653 mck:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-23 2012-03-25 0000927653 mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-23 2012-03-25 0000927653 us-gaap:ServiceAgreementsMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2011-04-01 2011-12-31 0000927653 us-gaap:CustomerListsMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2011-04-01 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2011-04-01 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:AsrMarch2012Member 2012-03-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-25 0000927653 us-gaap:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StockOptionMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ResearchMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2012-01-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-10-01 2011-12-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ReportableSegmentsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ReportableSegmentsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:ReportableSegmentsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:TechnologySolutionsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:AccountsReceivableSalesFacilityMember 2011-05-01 2011-05-31 0000927653 mck:ReglanMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:MedicineShopMember mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-25 0000927653 mck:DrugTradingCompanyMember mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-25 0000927653 mck:StateAttorneysGeneralMember mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2012-01-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2011-10-01 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2011-07-01 2011-09-30 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2010-10-01 2010-12-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2010-07-01 2010-09-30 0000927653 us-gaap:DamagesFromProductDefectsMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:DamagesFromProductDefectsMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:PreviousCasesMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FacilitiesMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:FacilitiesMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquipmentLeaseMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EquipmentLeaseMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:CanadaRevenueAgencyAssessmentsMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember mck:DistributionSolutionsMember 2010-11-01 2010-11-30 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:OldRatePerShareMember 2011-04-01 2011-04-30 0000927653 mck:NewRatePerShareMember 2011-04-01 2011-04-30 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember mck:SeniorSubordinatedNotesDue2014Member 2010-12-01 2010-12-31 0000927653 mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember mck:SeniorSecuredNotesDue2017Member 2010-12-01 2010-12-31 0000927653 mck:CorporateHeadquartersMember 2012-04-01 2012-04-30 0000927653 us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:BartramInternationalFundMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:BartramInternationalFundMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember mck:SecondPartOfPayContributionMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 mck:DefinedContributionPlansMember mck:FirstPartOfPayContributionMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 0000927653 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 2009-04-01 2010-03-31 0000927653 us-gaap:BridgeLoanMember 2010-04-01 2011-03-31 0000927653 mck:AmountsPreviouslyRecognizedAsOfAcquisitionDateMember mck:KatzGroupMember 2012-03-25 0000927653 us-gaap:PurchasePriceAllocationAdjustmentsMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:AmountsRecognizedAsOfAcquisitionDateAsAdjustedMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2011-12-31 0000927653 mck:AmountsPreviouslyRecognizedAsOfAcquisitionDateMember mck:UsOncologyHoldingsIncorporationMember 2010-12-30 0000927653 2012-03-31 0000927653 2011-03-31 0000927653 2011-09-30 0000927653 2012-04-16 0000927653 2011-04-01 2012-03-31 mck:plaintiff mck:item utr:D mck:customer mck:site utr:M iso4217:USD xbrli:shares utr:Y xbrli:pure mck:claim iso4217:USD xbrli:shares false --03-31 FY 2012 2012-03-31 10-K 0000927653 235397188 Yes Large Accelerated Filer 17800000000 MCKESSON CORP No Yes 9323000000 10099000000 52 244000000 244000000 0 919000000 662000000 649000000 -13000000 33000000 39000000 25000000 0 16000000 0 152000000 144000000 2013 through 2017 2013 through 2017 1.00 0.50 0.11 0.10 0.10 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Concentrations of Credit Risk and Receivables</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our Distribution Solutions segment. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately <font class="_mt">52</font>% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation ("CVS") and Rite Aid Corporation ("Rite Aid"), accounted for approximately <font class="_mt">16</font>% and <font class="_mt">10</font>% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately <font class="_mt">49</font>% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart") and Rite Aid were approximately <font class="_mt">17</font>%, <font class="_mt">10</font>% and <font class="_mt">9</font>% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations ("GPOs"), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. The accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the GPOs. A default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from these, or any other large customers or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the institutional, retail and healthcare provider sectors, which can be affected by a downturn in the economy and changes in reimbursement policies. This credit risk is mitigated by the size and diversity of the customer base as well as its geographic dispersion. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts.</font></p></div> </div> 1.01 1 8 0.50 2017 2014 116000000 -56000000 -78000000 -25000000 25000000 -4000000 28000000 -1000000 27000000 0.0073 <div> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="29%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="60%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Change in benefit obligations</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit obligation at beginning of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">625</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">593</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Service cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Interest cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">42</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit payments</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(34</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(32</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign exchange impact and other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit obligation at end of period </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">670</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">625</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="95%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Change in plan assets</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">391</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Actual return on plan assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Employer and participant contributions</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefits paid</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(34</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(32</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign exchange impact and other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair value of plan assets at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">410</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="95%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Funded status at end of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(260</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(209</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="95%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts recognized on the balance sheet</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current liabilities</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(13</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(4</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term liabilities</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(247</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(209</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(260</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(209</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation.</font></font></p></div> </div> 11000000 17000000 0.75 <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="47%" colspan="9" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="47%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Service cost&#8212;benefits earned during the year</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">prior service costs</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(25</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net periodic postretirement expense (income)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(15</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table> </div> 154000000 167000000 less than 1% less than <font class="_mt">1</font>% 882000000 920000000 997000000 0.20 0.18 0.03 0.02 3 P20Y P10Y 70000000 April 2012 and March 2032 156000000 76000000 112000000 <div> <i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">18. Financial Guarantees and Warranties</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial Guarantees</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We have agreements with certain of our Canadian customers' financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of our customers' inventory or our customers' debt in the event these customers are unable to meet their obligations to those financial institutions. For our inventory repurchase agreement, among other requirements, inventories must be in resalable condition and any repurchase would be at a discount. The inventory repurchase agreements mostly range from one to two years. Customers' debt guarantees range from one to five years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain customers. The majority of our customers' debt guarantees are secured by certain assets of the customer. We also have an agreement with&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> software customer that, under limited circumstances, may require us to secure standby financing. Because the amount of the standby financing is not explicitly stated, the overall amount of this guarantee cannot reasonably be estimated. At March 31, 2012, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and customers' debt guarantees were $<font class="_mt">125</font> million and $<font class="_mt">41</font> million, none of which had been accrued.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The expirations of the above noted financial guarantees are as follows: $<font class="_mt">107</font> million, $<font class="_mt">22</font> million, $<font class="_mt">13</font> million, $<font class="_mt">2</font> million and $<font class="_mt">1</font> million from 2013 through 2017 and $<font class="_mt">21</font> million thereafter.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In addition, at March 31, 2012, our banks and insurance companies have issued $<font class="_mt">86</font> million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds, which were issued on our behalf mostly related to our customer contracts and in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers' compensation and automotive liability programs.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our software license agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our software products infringe a third party's intellectual property rights. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnification agreements and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnification agreements (such as retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) whose terms vary in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, obligations for such indemnifications are recorded as liabilities. Because the amounts of these indemnification obligations often are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of these commitments cannot be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities at the time of divestiture, we have historically not made significant payments as a result of these indemnification provisions.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">Warranties</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In the normal course of business, we provide certain warranties and indemnification protection for our products and services. For example, we provide warranties that the pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products we distribute are in compliance with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other applicable laws and regulations. We have received the same warranties from our suppliers, which customarily are the manufacturers of the products. In addition, we have indemnity obligations to our customers for these products, which have also been provided to us from our suppliers, either through express agreement or by operation of law.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We also provide warranties regarding the performance of software and automation products we sell. Our liability under these warranties is to bring the product into compliance with previously agreed upon specifications. For software products, this may result in additional project costs, which are reflected in our estimates used for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting for software installation services within these contracts. In addition, most of our customers who purchase our software and automation products also purchase annual maintenance agreements. Revenues from these maintenance agreements are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period and the cost of servicing product warranties is charged to expense when claims become estimable. Accrued warranty costs were not material to the consolidated balance sheets.</font></p> </div> 14000000 46000000 20000000 0 0 21000000 1000000 2000000 107000000 13000000 22000000 13 7000000 34000000 66000000 31000000 169000000 98000000 11000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Insurance Programs: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers' compensation and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred as well as for claims incurred but not yet reported. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry.</font></p></div> </div> P3Y P1Y P7Y P1Y 18000000 814000000 407000000 16000000 133000000 77000000 15000000 -32000000 173000000 1 30 850 160 2000 8 1 -342000000 1988000000 385000000 2373000000 -341000000 1897000000 301000000 2198000000 -413000000 2219000000 364000000 2583000000 161000000 184000000 242000000 1000000 0 179000000 155000000 178000000 <div> <div><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14. Pension Benefits</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We maintain a number of qualified and <font class="_mt">no</font>nqualified defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Defined Benefit Pension Plans</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Eligible U.S. employees who were employed by the Company as of December 31, 1995 are covered under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. In 1997, the plan was amended to freeze all plan benefits as of December 31, 1996. Benefits for the defined benefit retirement plan are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of creditable service and the average of the highest 60 months of pay during the 15 years prior to the plan freeze date. We also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible Canadian and United Kingdom employees as well as an unfunded nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plan for certain U.S. executives. Defined benefit plan assets and obligations are measured as of the Company's fiscal year-end.</font></p> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The net periodic expense for our pension plans is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="39%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Service cost&#8212;benefits earned during the year</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Interest cost on projected benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">35</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected return on assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(29</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(24</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">service costs and net transitional obligation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net periodic pension expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">36</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The projected unit credit method is utilized in measuring net periodic pension expense over the employees' service life for the U.S. pension plans. Unrecognized actuarial losses&nbsp;<font class="_mt">exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit</font> obligation or the market value of assets are amortized straight-line over the average remaining future service periods.</font></p></div></div></div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations and plan assets for our pension plans is as follows:</font></p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="29%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="60%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Change in benefit obligations</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit obligation at beginning of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">625</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">593</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Service cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Interest cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">42</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit payments</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(34</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(32</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign exchange impact and other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit obligation at end of period </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">670</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">625</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="95%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Change in plan assets</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">391</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Actual return on plan assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Employer and participant contributions</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefits paid</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(34</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(32</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign exchange impact and other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair value of plan assets at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">410</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="95%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Funded status at end of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(260</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(209</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="95%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts recognized on the balance sheet</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current liabilities</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(13</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(4</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term liabilities</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(247</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(209</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="60%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(260</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(209</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation.</font></font></p></div> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /></div>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The accumulated benefit obligations for our pension plans were $<font class="_mt">667</font> million at March 31, 2012 and $<font class="_mt">622</font> million at March 31, 2011. The following table provides the projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for all our pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.</font></div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="67%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="67%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="28%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="67%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="67%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Projected benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">670</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">533</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="67%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Accumulated benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">667</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">529</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="67%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair value of plan assets</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">410</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">319</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="66%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="28%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="66%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">274</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">239</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prior service cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net transition obligation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">276</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">242</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income during the reporting periods were as follows:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="44%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="49%" colspan="9"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="44%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">59</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prior service credit</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amortization of:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(25</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(26</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(23</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prior service cost</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">comprehensive loss (income)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(18</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">32</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We expect to amortize $<font class="_mt">2</font> million of prior service cost and $<font class="_mt">30</font> million of actuarial loss for the pension plans from stockholders' equity to pension expense in 2013. Comparable 2012 amounts were $<font class="_mt">2</font> million and $<font class="_mt">25</font> million.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Projected benefit obligations relating to our unfunded U.S. plans were $<font class="_mt">167</font> million and $<font class="_mt">154</font> million at March 31, 2012 and 2011. Pension obligations for our unfunded plans are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected benefit payments for our pension plans are as follows: $<font class="_mt">43</font> million, $<font class="_mt">33</font> million, $<font class="_mt">144</font> million, $<font class="_mt">36</font> million and $<font class="_mt">33</font> million for 2013 to 2017 and $<font class="_mt">190</font> million for 2018 through 2022. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our pension plans are $<font class="_mt">38</font> million for 2013.</font></p> <div>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the net periodic pension expense and the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were as follows:</font></div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="51%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net periodic pension expense</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Discount rates</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4.98</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5.30</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.68</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Rate of increase in compensation</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.74</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.75</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.62</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.60</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.79</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.90</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit obligation</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Discount rates</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4.23</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4.99</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5.33</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Rate of increase in compensation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.56</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.74</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.75</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Our U.S. defined benefit pension plan liabilities are valued using a discount rate based on a yield curve developed from a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds rated AA or better whose maturities are aligned with the expected benefit payments of our plans. For March 31, 2012, we used a weighted average discount rate of <font class="_mt">4.15</font>%, which represents a decrease of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">73</font> basis points from our 2011 weighted-average discount rate of <font class="_mt">4.88</font>%.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Sensitivity to changes in the weighted-average discount rate for our U.S. pension plans is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="62%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="62%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">One Percentage</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">One Percentage</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="62%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Point Increase</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Point Decrease</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="62%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Increase (decrease) on projected benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(38</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="center" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="62%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Increase (decrease) on net periodic pension cost</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Plan Assets</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Investment Strategy</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">: The overall objective for McKesson's pension plan assets is to generate long-term investment returns consistent with capital preservation and prudent investment practices, with a diversification of asset types and investment strategies. Periodic adjustments are made to provide liquidity for benefit payments and to rebalance plan assets to their target allocations.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The target allocations for plan assets at March 31, 2012 are <font class="_mt">53</font>% equity investments, <font class="_mt">35</font>% fixed income investments and <font class="_mt">12</font>% to all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents. The target allocations for plan assets at March 31, 2011 were <font class="_mt">61</font>% equity investments, <font class="_mt">32</font>% fixed income investments and <font class="_mt">7</font>% to all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents. Equity investments include common stock, preferred stock, and equity commingled funds. Fixed income investments include corporate bonds, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, other directly held fixed income investments, and fixed income commingled funds. Other investments include real estate funds, hedge funds, other commingled funds and cash and cash equivalents.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumption based on the projected performance of the asset classes in which plan assets are invested. Our target asset allocation was determined based on the liability and risk tolerance characteristics of the plans and at times may be adjusted to achieve our overall investment objectives.</font></p> <div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair Value Measurements: </font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following tables represent our pension plan assets as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, using the fair value hierarchy by asset class. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.</font></p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="46%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="39%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 1</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 2</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 3</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Common stock</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">100</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">100</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">134</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">134</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Government securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate bonds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">48</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">48</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Mortgage-backed securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Asset-backed securities and other</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real estate funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other commingled funds</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">285</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Receivables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Payables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">410</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. </font></font> </font></p> <div> <p> </p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="38%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="51%" colspan="9"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31, 2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 1</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 2</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 3</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">45</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Common and preferred stock</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">104</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">105</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">144</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">144</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Government securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate bonds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Mortgage-backed securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Asset-backed securities and other</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real estate funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hedge funds</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 3px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">118</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">303</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">431</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Receivables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Payables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(34</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011</font></font>.</font></font></p></div></div> <p> </p></div></div></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents &#8211; Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investment funds that maintain daily liquidity and aim to have constant unit values of $<font class="_mt">1.00</font>. The funds invest in short-term fixed income securities and other securities with debt-like characteristics emphasizing short-term maturities and high credit quality. Directly held cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 investments. Cash and cash equivalents include commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Common and preferred stock &#8211; This investment class consists of common and preferred shares issued by U.S. and non-U.S. corporations. Common shares are traded actively on exchanges and price quotes are readily available. Preferred shares may not be actively traded. Holdings of common shares are generally classified as Level 1 investments. Preferred shares are classified as Level 2 investments.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity commingled funds &#8211; Some equity investments are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets; these are classified as Level 2 investments.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income securities &#8212; Government securities consist of bonds and debentures issued by central governments or federal agencies; corporate bonds consist of bonds and debentures issued by corporations; mortgage-backed securities consist of debt obligations secured by a mortgage or pool of mortgages; and asset-backed securities primarily consist of debt obligations secured by an asset or pool of assets other than mortgages. Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset. Multiple prices and price types are obtained from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations. The Company obtains an understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such prices. Fixed income securities are generally classified as Level 2 investments.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income commingled funds &#8211; Some fixed income investments are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real estate funds &#8211; The value of the real estate funds is reported by the fund manager and is based on a valuation of the underlying properties. Inputs used in the valuation include items such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. The real estate funds are classified as Level 3 investments.</font></p> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hedge funds &#8211; The hedge funds are invested in fund-of-fund structures and consist of multiple investments in interest and currency funds designed to hedge the risk of rate fluctuations. Given the complex nature of valuation and the broad spectrums of investments, the hedge funds are classified as Level 3 investments.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other commingled funds &#8211; The other commingled funds are invested in equities, bonds, commodities, other alternative investments and cash and cash equivalents. These funds are valued generally based on the weekly net asset values derived from the quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets and, for alternative investments, based on other complex valuation techniques. Other commingled funds are classified as Level 2 investments.</font></p> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /></div><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table represents a reconciliation of Level 3 plan assets held during the years ended March 31, 2012 and 2011:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="38%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real Estate</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hedge</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Funds</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Funds</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Balance at March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Purchases, sales and settlements</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Transfer in and/or out of Level 3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Balance at March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrealized gain on plan assets still held</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Purchases, sales and settlements</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Balance at March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Concentration of Credit Risk: </font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We evaluated our pension plans' asset portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of March 31, 2012. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include investment funds that represented <font class="_mt">10</font>% or more of the pension plans' net assets. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, <font class="_mt">10</font>% and <font class="_mt">11</font>%of our plan assets&nbsp;are comprised of Bartram International Fund, which predominantly holds actively traded stock.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">Multiemployer Plans</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We also contribute to a number of multiemployer pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer pension plans in the following aspects: (i) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (ii) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers, and (iii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. Actions taken by other participating employers may lead to adverse changes in the financial condition of a multiemployer benefit plan and our withdrawal liability and contributions may increase. Contributions to the plans and amounts accrued were not material for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Defined Contribution Plans</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We have a contributory profit sharing investment plan ("PSIP") for U.S. employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements. Effective January 1, 2011, eligible employees may contribute to the PSIP up to <font class="_mt">75</font>% of their monthly eligible compensation for pre-tax contributions and up to <font class="_mt">75</font>% of compensation for catch-up contributions not to exceed IRS limits. The <font class="_mt">Company makes matching contributions in an amount equal to <font class="_mt">100</font>% of the employee's first <font class="_mt">3</font>% of pay contributed and <font class="_mt">50</font>% for the next <font class="_mt">2</font>% of pay contributed</font>. The Company also may make an additional annual matching contribution for each plan year to enable participants to receive a full match based on their annual contribution.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The Company's leveraged employee stock ownership plan ("ESOP") had purchased an aggregate of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">24</font> million shares of the Company's common stock since its inception. These purchases were financed by 10 to 20 year loans from or guaranteed by us. At March 31, 2010, there were&nbsp;<font class="_mt">no</font> outstanding ESOP loans nor the related receivables from the ESOP as the ESOP fully repaid the loans during 2010. The loans were repaid by the ESOP from interest earnings on cash balances and common dividends on unallocated shares and Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates were identical to the terms of related Company borrowings. Stock was made available from the ESOP based on debt service payments on ESOP borrowings. In the first quarter of 2011, all of the 24 million common shares had been allocated to plan participants. In 2012, 2011 and 2009, the Company made contributions primarily in cash or with the issuance of treasury shares. Future PSIP contributions will be funded with cash or treasury shares.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The McKesson Corporation PSIP was a member of the settlement class in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action. On April 27, 2009, the court issued an order approving the distribution of the settlement funds. On October 9, 2009, the PSIP received approximately $<font class="_mt">119</font> million of the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action proceeds. Approximately $<font class="_mt">42</font> million of the proceeds were attributable to the allocated shares of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP participants during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and were allocated to the respective participants on that basis in the third quarter of 2010. Approximately $<font class="_mt">77</font> million of the proceeds were attributable to the unallocated shares (the "Unallocated Proceeds") of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP in an ESOP suspense account. In accordance with the plan terms, the PSIP distributed all of the Unallocated Proceeds to current PSIP participants after the close of the plan year in April 2010. The receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP was reimbursement for the loss in value of the Company's common stock held by the PSIP in its ESOP suspense account during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and was not a contribution made by the Company to the PSIP or ESOP. Accordingly, there were no accounting consequences to the Company's financial statements relating to the receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP.</font></p> <div>&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">As a result of the PSIP's receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds, in 2010 the Company contributed $<font class="_mt">1</font> million to the PSIP. Accordingly, the PSIP expense for 2010 was nominal. Commencing in 2011, the Company resumed its contributions to the PSIP.</font></div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PSIP expense by segment for the last three years was as follows:</font></p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="52%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="42%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="52%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">30</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">32</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PSIP expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">58</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">59</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="94%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cost of sales </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating expenses</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">42</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PSIP expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">58</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">59</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment.</font></font></p></div></div></div> </div> 0.50 less than 2% less than 2% less than 2% 2004 through 2007 2003 through 2007 2003 through 2006 2007 through 2009 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">15. Postretirement Benefits</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We maintain a number of postretirement benefits, primarily consisting of healthcare and life insurance ("welfare") benefits, for certain eligible U.S. employees. Eligible employees consist of those who retired before March 31, 1999 and those who retired after March 31, 1999, but were an active employee as of that date, after meeting other age-related criteria. We also provide postretirement benefits for certain U.S. executives. Defined benefit plan obligations are measured as of the Company's fiscal year-end.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The net periodic expense (income) for our postretirement welfare benefits is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="47%" colspan="9" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="47%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Service cost&#8212;benefits earned during the year</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">prior service costs</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(25</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="47%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net periodic postretirement expense (income)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(15</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font>&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin: 0px;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font>&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin: 0px;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations for our postretirement welfare plans is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="64%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="32%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="64%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Benefit obligation at beginning of period</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">152</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">154</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Service cost</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Interest cost</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Actuarial loss (gain)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(4</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Benefit payments</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(13</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(13</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 5px;" width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Benefit obligation at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">144</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">152</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The components of the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income for the Company's other postretirement benefits at March 31, 2012 and 2011 were net actuarial losses of $<font class="_mt">2</font> million and $<font class="_mt">5</font> million and net prior service credits of $<font class="_mt">2</font> million and $<font class="_mt">2</font> million. Other changes in benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income were net actuarial gain of $<font class="_mt">3</font> million in 2012 and losses of $<font class="_mt">6</font> million and $<font class="_mt">51</font> million in 2011 and 2010.</font></p> <div>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We estimate that the amortization of the actuarial loss from stockholders' equity to other postretirement expense in 2013 will be $<font class="_mt">1</font> million. Comparable 2012 amounts were $<font class="_mt">1</font> million.</font></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other postretirement benefits are funded as claims are paid. Expected benefit payments for our postretirement welfare benefit plans, net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $<font class="_mt">1</font> million annually, are as follows: $11 million annually for 2013 to 2017 and $50 million cumulatively for 2018 through 2022. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our postretirement welfare benefit plans are $<font class="_mt">13</font> million for 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average discount rates used to estimate postretirement welfare benefit expenses were <font class="_mt">5.09</font>%, <font class="_mt">5.33</font>% and <font class="_mt">7.86</font>% for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Weighted-average discount rates for the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were <font class="_mt">4.44</font>%, <font class="_mt">5.09</font>% and <font class="_mt">5.33</font>% for 2012, 2011 and 2010.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Actuarial gain or loss for the postretirement welfare benefit plan is amortized to income or expense over a three-year period. The assumed healthcare cost trends used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were <font class="_mt">8.0</font>% and <font class="_mt">8.5</font>% for prescription drugs, <font class="_mt">7.5</font>% and <font class="_mt">7.5</font>% for medical and <font class="_mt">5.5</font>% and <font class="_mt">5.8</font>% for dental in 2012 and 2011. For 2012, 2011 and 2010, a one-percentage-point increase or decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would not have a material impact on the postretirement benefit obligations.</font></p> </div> 0.50 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4. Product Alignment and Asset Impairment Charges</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">During the third quarter of 2012, we approved a plan to align our hospital clinical and revenue cycle healthcare software products within our Technology Solutions segment. As part of this alignment strategy, we will be converging our core clinical and revenue cycle Horizon and Paragon product lines onto Paragon's Microsoft&#174;&#8211;based platform over time. Additionally, we have stopped development of our Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management&#8482; ("HzERM") software product. The plan resulted in a pre-tax charge of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million in 2012, of which $<font class="_mt">31</font>million was recorded to cost of sales and $<font class="_mt">20</font> million was recorded to operating expenses within our Technology Solutions segment. The majority of these charges were incurred in the third quarter of 2012. The pre-tax charge includes $<font class="_mt">24</font> million of non-cash asset impairment charges, primarily for the write-off of prepaid licenses and commissions and capitalized internal use software that were determined to be obsolete as they would not be utilized going forward, $<font class="_mt">10</font> million for severance, $<font class="_mt">7</font> million for customer allowances and $<font class="_mt">10</font> million for other charges.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our capitalized software held for sale is amortized over&nbsp;<font class="_mt">three</font> years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. At the end of the second quarter of 2010, our HzERM software product became generally available. In October 2010, we decreased our estimated revenues over the next 24 months for our HzERM software product and as a result, concluded that the estimated future revenues, net of estimated related costs, were insufficient to recover its carrying value. Accordingly, we recorded a $<font class="_mt">72</font> million non-cash impairment charge in the second quarter of 2011 within our Technology Solutions segment's cost of sales to reduce the carrying value of the software product to its net realizable value.</font></p> </div> 51000000 42000000 9000000 0.75 <font class="_mt">2029</font> to 2032 P5Y <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="66%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="28%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="66%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">274</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">239</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prior service cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net transition obligation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="66%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">276</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">242</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="38%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real Estate</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hedge</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Funds</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Funds</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Balance at March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Purchases, sales and settlements</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Transfer in and/or out of Level 3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Balance at March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrealized gain on plan assets still held</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Purchases, sales and settlements</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Balance at March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="62%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="62%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">One Percentage</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">One Percentage</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="62%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Point Increase</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Point Decrease</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="62%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Increase (decrease) on projected benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(38</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="center" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="62%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Increase (decrease) on net periodic pension cost</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="45%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="44%" colspan="8" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="45%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">330</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Charges incurred</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">149</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">213</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Payments made</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(26</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(26</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 5px;" width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">AWP litigation reserve at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">453</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 3px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">330</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="52%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="42%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="52%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">30</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">32</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PSIP expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">58</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">59</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="94%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cost of sales </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating expenses</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">42</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="52%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PSIP expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">58</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">59</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment.</font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="63%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="33%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="63%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions, except per share data and years)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%" colspan="2"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20.32</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">18.37</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12.56</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">276</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">115</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash received upon exercise</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">113</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">319</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">165</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Tax benefits realized related to exercise</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">106</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total fair value of stock options vested</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">16</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">related to unvested stock options not yet recognized,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">pre-tax</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average period in years over which stock</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">option compensation cost is expected to be recognized</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="46%" colspan="5" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="45%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions, except per share data)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Number of shares repurchased </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="14%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">29</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Average price paid per share</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="14%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">83.47</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">69.62</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">41.47</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total value of shares repurchased</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,850</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,032</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">299</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding.</font></p> </div> 16000000 21000000 23000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Supplier Incentives: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fees for service and other incentives received from suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, are generally reported as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory.</font></p></div> </div> 102000000 115000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Supplier Reserves: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. We evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, supplier reserves were $<font class="_mt">115</font> million and $<font class="_mt">102</font> million. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different than our estimate. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2012 and 2011 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment.</font></p></div> </div> 3300000000 1.00 exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">13. Variable Interest Entities</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We are involved with VIEs, which we do not consolidate because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance and thus are not considered the primary beneficiary of the entities. Our relationships include equity investment, lending, leasing, contractual or other relationships with the VIEs. Our most significant relationships are with oncology and other specialty practices. Under these practice arrangements, we&nbsp;generally&nbsp;own or lease all of the real estate and the equipment used by the affiliated practices and manage the practices' administrative functions. Our maximum exposure to loss (regardless of probability) as a result of all VIEs was $<font class="_mt">1.1</font> billion and $<font class="_mt">1.2</font> billion at March 31, 2012 and 2011, which primarily represents the value of intangible assets related to service agreements and lease and loan receivables. These amounts exclude the customer loan guarantees discussed in Financial Note 18, "Financial Guarantees and Warranties." We believe that there is no material loss exposure on these assets or from these relationships.</font></p> </div> P4Y P4Y P3Y 60 87.19 14090000000 16114000000 7982000000 8562000000 7000000 1000000 1861000000 2149000000 1052000000 1132000000 0 -5000000 157000000 178000000 244000000 188000000 87000000 5000000 16 10 18 20 20 20 5339000000 5571000000 199000000 78000000 90000000 31000000 233000000 49000000 158000000 26000000 225000000 28000000 175000000 22000000 326000000 357000000 411000000 114000000 114000000 137000000 137000000 154000000 154000000 11000000 11000000 113000000 113000000 46000000 46000000 114000000 9000000 39000000 47000000 19000000 137000000 9000000 27000000 79000000 22000000 154000000 10000000 24000000 97000000 23000000 73000000 89000000 99000000 136000000 122000000 8000000 6000000 4000000 28189000000 19599000000 3635000000 23234000000 30886000000 22732000000 3504000000 26236000000 33093000000 25374000000 3575000000 28949000000 22357000000 23603000000 <div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1. Significant Accounting Policies</font></b></p> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Nature of Operations</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: McKesson Corporation ("McKesson," the "Company," the "Registrant" or "we" and other similar pronouns) delivers pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and health care information technologies that make health care safer while reducing costs. We conduct our business through two operating segments, McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions, as further described in Financial Note 22, "Segments of Business."</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basis of Presentation: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The consolidated financial statements of McKesson include the financial statements of all wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned or controlled companies. We also evaluate our ownership, contractual and other interests in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities ("VIEs"), if we have a variable interest in those entities and the nature and extent of those interests. These evaluations are highly complex and involve judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions based on available historical information and management's judgment, among other factors. Based on our evaluations, if we determine we are the primary beneficiary of such VIEs we consolidate such entities into our financial statements. The consolidated VIEs are not material to our consolidated financial statements. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fiscal Period: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company's fiscal year.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Reclassifications</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Use of Estimates</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated amounts.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Cash and Cash Equivalents</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Cash is primarily held in non-interest bearing accounts and is fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regardless of the dollar amount. Cash equivalents are primarily invested in AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in US dollars, Canadian government securities and a AAA rated prime money market fund denominated in British pound sterling.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The remaining cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions. We mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted Cash</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash and is included within prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, restricted cash was not material.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Marketable Securities Available for Sale</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: We carry our marketable securities, which are available for sale, at fair value and they are included in prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. The net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders' equity. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, marketable securities were not material.</font>&nbsp;</p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Concentrations of Credit Risk and Receivables</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our Distribution Solutions segment. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately <font class="_mt">52</font>% of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation ("CVS") and Rite Aid Corporation ("Rite Aid"), accounted for approximately <font class="_mt">16</font>% and <font class="_mt">10</font>% of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately <font class="_mt">49</font>% of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart") and Rite Aid were approximately <font class="_mt">17</font>%, <font class="_mt">10</font>% and <font class="_mt">9</font>% of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations ("GPOs"), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. The accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the GPOs. A default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from these, or any other large customers or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the institutional, retail and healthcare provider sectors, which can be affected by a downturn in the economy and changes in reimbursement policies. This credit risk is mitigated by the size and diversity of the customer base as well as its geographic dispersion. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financing Receivables: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We assess and monitor credit risk associated with financing receivables, namely lease and notes receivables, through regular review of our collection experience in determining our allowance for loan losses. On an ongoing basis, we also evaluate credit quality of our financing receivables utilizing aging of receivables and write-offs, as well as consider existing economic conditions, to determine if an allowance is necessary. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, financing receivables and the related allowance were not material to our consolidated financial statements.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Inventories</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We report inventories at the lower of cost or market ("LCM"). Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method and the cost of Canadian inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The LIFO method was used to value approximately <font class="_mt">88</font>% and <font class="_mt">87</font>% of our inventories at March 31, 2012 and 2011. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments, were $<font class="_mt">107</font> million and $<font class="_mt">96</font> million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recognized net LIFO expense of $<font class="_mt">11</font> million, $<font class="_mt">3</font> million and $<font class="_mt">8</font> million within our consolidated statements of operations, which related to our non-pharmaceutical products. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. </font> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We believe that the average cost or FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory (</font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">i.e.</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, "market"). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or market. Primarily due to continued net deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $<font class="_mt">76</font> million and $<font class="_mt">156</font> million higher than market as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, we recorded a LCM credit of $<font class="_mt">80</font> million in 2012 and a LCM charge of $<font class="_mt">44</font> million in 2011 within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Shipping and Handling Costs: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We include all costs to warehouse, pick, pack and deliver inventory to our customers in distribution expenses.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Property, Plant and Equipment: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We state our property, plant and equipment at cost and depreciate them under the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">30</font> years.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component&#8212;one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment tests require that we compare the carrying value of our reporting units to the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we decide that it is appropriate to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform a quantitative assessment, the fair value of a reporting unit is based upon a number of considerations including projections of revenues, earnings and discounted cash flows and determination of market value multiples for similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. The discount rate used for cash flows reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. In addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units' fair value to the Company's market capitalization as a further corroboration of the fair value. The testing requires a complex series of assumptions and judgment by management in projecting future operating results, selecting guideline companies for comparisons and assessing risks. The use of alternative assumptions and estimates could affect the fair values and change the impairment determinations. There were no goodwill impairments during 2012, 2011, or 2010.</font></p></div> <div class="MetaData"> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Intangible Assets: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Currently all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are generally amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">twenty</font> years. We review identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. There were no material impairments of intangible assets during 2012, 2011 or 2010.</font></p></div></div></div> <div> </div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Capitalized Software Held for Sale</font></i>: <font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Development costs for software held for sale, which primarily pertain to our Technology Solutions segment, are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately&nbsp;<font class="_mt">three</font> years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for sale was $<font class="_mt">144</font> million and $<font class="_mt">152</font> million, net of accumulated amortization and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Additional information regarding our capitalized software held for sale is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="56%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" colspan="3" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="56%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amounts capitalized</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">47</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">64</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amortization expense</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">53</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">67</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment charge</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Third-party royalty fees paid</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">95</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">63</font></td></tr></table></div></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We capitalize costs of software held for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortize those costs over the assets' estimated useful lives ranging from&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">ten</font> years. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for internal use was $<font class="_mt">445</font> million and $<font class="_mt">446</font> million, net of accumulated amortization of $<font class="_mt">902</font> million and $<font class="_mt">778</font> million, and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Insurance Programs: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers' compensation and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred as well as for claims incurred but not yet reported. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenue Recognition</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment are recognized when product is delivered and title passes to the customer or when services have been rendered and there are no further obligations to the customer.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances, rebates and other incentives. Our sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if they can be resold for value or returned to suppliers for full credit. Sales returns are accrued based on estimates at the time of sale to the customer. Sales returns from customers were approximately $<font class="_mt">1.6</font> billion in 2012, $<font class="_mt">1.4</font> billion in 2011 and $<font class="_mt">1.2</font> billion in 2010. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis; that is, they are excluded from revenues.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment include large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large customers who warehouse their own product. We order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers' warehouses. Sales to customers' warehouses amounted to $20.5 billion in 2012, $18.6 billion in 2011, and $21.4 billion in 2010. We also record revenues for direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Direct store deliveries are shipments from the manufacturer to our customers of a limited category of products that require special handling. We assume the primary liability to the manufacturer for these products.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues are recorded gross when we are the primary party obligated in the transaction, take title to and possession of the inventory, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices, assume the risk of loss for collection from customers as well as delivery or return of the product, are responsible for fulfillment and other customer service requirements, or the transactions have several but not all of these indicators.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our Distribution Solutions segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain a combination of various products and services. Revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements based on estimates of fair value and recognized in accordance with the revenue recognition criteria applicable to each element. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until delivery of the last element has occurred and services have been performed or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. Effective April 1, 2011, revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements, based on the best estimate of selling prices if neither objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling prices exists for all new arrangements or materially modified existing arrangements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are generated primarily by licensing software and software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows:</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion method based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Subscription, content and transaction processing fees are generally marketed under annual and multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the contracted terms beginning on the service start date for fixed fee arrangements and recognized as transactions are performed beginning on the service start date for per-transaction fee arrangements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We also offer certain products on an application service provider basis, making our software functionality available on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support, as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an application service provider basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract beginning on the service start date of products hosted.</font></p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value ("VSOE") exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Effective April 1, 2011, we adopted the revised revenue recognition guidance which removed from the scope of software revenue recognition guidance tangible products containing software component and non-software component that function together to deliver the product's essential functionality. This amended accounting guidance was applied prospectively for all arrangements entered into after April 1, 2011 or materially modified after that date. </font> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Our Technology Solutions segment also includes revenues from disease management programs provided to various states' Medicaid programs. These service contracts include provisions for achieving certain cost-savings and clinical targets. If the targets are not met for certain of these contracts, a portion, or all, of the revenue must be refunded to the customer. We recognize revenue during the term of the contract by assessing actual performance against contractual targets and then determining the amount the customer would be legally obligated to pay if the contract terminated as of the measurement date. These assessments include estimates of medical claims and other data in accordance with the contract methodology. Because complete data is unavailable until six to nine months after the measurement period, there is generally a significant time delay between recording the accrual and the final settlement of the contract. If data is insufficient to assess performance or we have not met the targets, we defer recognition of the revenue. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, we had deferred $<font class="_mt">3</font> million and $<font class="_mt">25</font> million related to these types of contracts, which was included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. We generally have been successful in achieving performance targets under these agreements.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Supplier Incentives: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fees for service and other incentives received from suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, are generally reported as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Supplier Reserves: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. We evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, supplier reserves were $<font class="_mt">115</font> million and $<font class="_mt">102</font> million. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different than our estimate. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2012 and 2011 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Income Taxes</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are considered to be permanently reinvested.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign Currency Translation: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our international subsidiaries generally consider their local currency to be their functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses in the stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2012, 2011 or 2010.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Derivative Financial Instruments: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. We periodically evaluate hedge effectiveness, and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the change included in earnings.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Share-Based Compensation: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We account for all share-based compensation transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Loss Contingencies</font></i>: <font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Business Combinations: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenue Recognition: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended accounting guidance on a prospective basis for multiple-element arrangements entered into or materially modified on or after April 1, 2011. The amended guidance incorporates the use of a vendor's best estimate of selling price, if neither vendor specific objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling price exists, to allocate arrangement consideration and eliminates the use of the residual method. Implementation of this new guidance did not have a material impact on reported net revenues as compared to net revenues under previous guidance as the incorporation of the use of a vendor's best estimate of selling price and the elimination of the residual method for the allocation of arrangement consideration did not materially change how we allocate arrangement consideration to our various products and services or the amount and timing of reported net revenues.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended guidance for certain revenue arrangements that include software elements. The guidance amends pre-existing software revenue guidance by removing from its scope tangible products that contain both software and non-software components that function together to deliver the product's functionality. The amended guidance was adopted on a prospective basis for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified on or after April 1, 2011. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended accounting guidance for vendors who apply the milestone method of revenue recognition to research and development arrangements. The amended guidance applies to arrangements with payments that are contingent, at inception, upon achieving substantively uncertain future events or circumstances. The amended guidance was adopted on a prospective basis for milestones achieved on or after April 1, 2011. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to clarification on how to measure fair values and additional disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements and the roll-forward activity of Level 3 fair value measurements, which are measured based on significant unobservable inputs. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to goodwill impairment testing. The amended guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more likely than not determination as to whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which may then allow a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test depending on the determination. This amended guidance was effective for us commencing in the&nbsp;first quarter of 2013. Early adoption was permitted. The amended guidance was early adopted and did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Multiemployer Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to an employer's participation in multiemployer pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which require employers to provide additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures for these types of plans. The amended guidance was adopted on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In June 2011, amended guidance related to the presentation of other comprehensive income was issued. The amended guidance requires that comprehensive income, the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive income be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. While the new guidance changes the presentation of comprehensive income, there are no changes to the components that are recognized in net income or other comprehensive income as determined under current accounting guidance. In December 2011, an amendment to this guidance was issued, which defers the requirement to present reclassification adjustments for each component of other comprehensive income in both net income and other comprehensive income on the face of the financial statements. The amended guidance is effective for us on a retrospective basis commencing in the first quarter of 2013. We do not expect the adoption of the amended guidance to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In December 2011, disclosure guidance related to the offsetting of assets and liabilities was issued. The guidance requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements for recognized financial and derivative instruments to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. The amended guidance is effective for us on a retrospective basis commencing in the first quarter of 2014. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements.</font></p> <div> </div> </div> 4000000000 3600000000 1000000000 200000000 90000000 2100000000 919000000 1007000000 993000000 993000000 -14000000 185000000 721000000 441000000 441000000 114000000 317000000 180000000 113000000 58000000 489000000 490000000 1000000 37000000 1735000000 1735000000 0 808000000 828000000 20000000 506000000 506000000 287000000 354000000 348000000 -6000000 15000000 338000000 322000000 -16000000 25000000 27000000 2000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2. Business Combinations</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">On December 30, 2010, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. ("US Oncology") for approximately $<font class="_mt">2.1</font> billion, consisting of cash consideration of $<font class="_mt">0.2</font> billion, net of cash acquired, and the assumption of liabilities with a fair value of $<font class="_mt">1.9</font> billion. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. As an integrated oncology company, US Oncology is affiliated with community-based oncologists, and works with patients, hospitals, payers and the medical industry across all phases of the cancer research and delivery continuum. The acquisition of US Oncology expands our existing specialty pharmaceutical distribution business and adds practice management services for oncologists. Financial results for US Oncology have been included in the results of operations within our Distribution Solutions segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">During the third quarter of 2012, the fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date were completed. The following table summarizes the final amounts of the fair values recognized for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, as well as measurement period adjustments made in the first nine months of 2012 to the amounts initially recorded in 2011. The measurement period adjustments during the first nine months of 2012 did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations, balance sheets or cash flows in any period, and, therefore, we have not retrospectively adjusted our financial statements.</font></p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="18%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="17%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="16%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Previously</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Recognized as of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Recognized as of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Measurement</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Acquisition Date</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Acquisition Date</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Period</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Final as</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="36%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Provisional) </font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="17%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Adjustments</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Adjusted)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current assets, net of cash acquired</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">662</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(13</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">649</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Goodwill</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">808</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">828</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intangible assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,007</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">993</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other long-term assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">354</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">348</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current liabilities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(489</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(490</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current portion of long-term debt</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,735</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,735</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other long-term liabilities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(338</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">16</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(322</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other stockholders' equity</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(25</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(27</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents </font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> $</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">244</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">244</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011.</font></font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $<font class="_mt">993</font> million, the fair value of which was determined by using Level 3 inputs, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. Acquired intangible assets primarily consist of $<font class="_mt">721</font> million of service agreements and $<font class="_mt">185</font> million of customer lists. The estimated weighted average lives of the service agreements, customer lists and total acquired intangible assets are&nbsp;<font class="_mt">18</font> years,&nbsp;<font class="_mt">10</font> years and&nbsp;<font class="_mt">16</font> years. The fair value of the debt acquired was determined primarily by using Level 3 inputs. Refer to Financial Note 12, "Debt and Financing Activities," for additional information on the assumption and funding of acquired debt. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits to be realized upon integrating the business.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">On March 25, 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Drug Trading Company Limited, the independent banner business of the Katz Group Canada Inc. ("Katz Group"), and Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc., the franchise business of the Katz Group (collectively, "Katz Assets") for approximately $<font class="_mt">919</font> million, net of cash acquired. The total purchase price is subject to change due to working capital adjustments within&nbsp;<font class="_mt">60</font> days of closing. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. The acquisition of the assets from the Drug Trading Company Limited consists of a marketing and purchasing arm of more than&nbsp;<font class="_mt">850</font> independently owned pharmacies in Canada. The acquisition of Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc. consists of the franchise business of providing services to more than&nbsp;<font class="_mt">160</font> independent pharmacies in Canada.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table summarizes the preliminary recording of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="15%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Recognized as of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Acquisition Date</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="76%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Provisional)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current assets, net of cash acquired</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Goodwill</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">506</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intangible assets</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">441</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other long-term assets</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">15</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current liabilities</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(37</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term deferred tax liabilities</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(39</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">919</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <div>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </div> <div><font size="2" class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;"><font size="3" class="_mt">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Due to the recent timing of the acquisition, these amounts are subject to change within the measurement period as our fair value assessments are finalized.</font></div><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $<font class="_mt">441</font> million, the fair value of which was determined by using Level 3 inputs, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. Acquired intangibles primarily consist of $<font class="_mt">317</font> million of service agreements and $<font class="_mt">114</font> million of trademarks and trade names. Service agreements, trademarks and trade names and total acquired intangibles assets each has an estimated weighted average life of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">20</font> years. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets of approximately $<font class="_mt">506</font> million was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits to be realized upon integrating the business. The amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is $<font class="_mt">287</font> million.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Financial results for the acquired Katz Assets were not included in the results of operations for 2012 as they were not material. These results will be included in the results of operations within our Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services, which is part of our Distribution Solutions segment, beginning in the first quarter of 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">During the last three years, we also completed a number of other smaller acquisitions within both of our operating segments. Financial results for our business acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Purchase prices for our business acquisitions have been allocated based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Goodwill recognized for our business acquisitions is generally not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. However, if we acquire the assets of a company, the goodwill may be deductible for tax purposes. The pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions and the results of operations for these acquisitions since the acquisition date have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or an aggregate basis.</font></p></div></div> </div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Business Combinations: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred.</font></p></div> </div> 778000000 902000000 75000000 64000000 47000000 67000000 75000000 53000000 0 -72000000 -72000000 -72000000 0 446000000 445000000 2109000000 3731000000 3612000000 3149000000 1700000000 800000000 1622000000 -119000000 -463000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Cash and Cash Equivalents</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Cash is primarily held in non-interest bearing accounts and is fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regardless of the dollar amount. Cash equivalents are primarily invested in AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in US dollars, Canadian government securities and a AAA rated prime money market fund denominated in British pound sterling.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The remaining cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions. We mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds.</font></p></div> </div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted Cash</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash and is included within prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, restricted cash was not material.</font></p></div> </div> 0 0 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">19. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. As described below, many of these proceedings are at preliminary stages and many seek an indeterminate amount of damages.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimates.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We are party to the legal proceedings described below. Unless otherwise stated, we are currently unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses for the unresolved proceedings described below. Should any one or a combination of more than one of these proceedings be successful, or should we determine to settle any or a combination of these matters, we may be required to pay substantial sums, become subject to the entry of an injunction or be forced to change the manner in which we operate our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations.</font></p><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">I. Average Wholesale Price Litigation</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The following matters involve a benchmark referred to as "AWP," which is utilized by some public and private payers to calculate a portion of the amount that pharmacies and other providers are reimbursed for dispensing certain covered prescription drugs.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">A. In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Commencing in May of 2008, a series of complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by various public payers &#8212; governmental entities that paid a portion of the price of certain prescription drugs &#8212; alleging that in late 2001 the Company and First DataBank, Inc. ("FDB"), a publisher of pharmaceutical pricing information, conspired to improperly raise the published AWP for certain prescription drugs, and that this alleged conduct resulted in higher drug reimbursement payments by plaintiffs and others similarly situated. These actions were all consolidated under the caption </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation. </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">A description of the actions pending during fiscal year 2012 is as follows:</font></p> <div> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /></div></div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Douglas County, Kansas Nationwide Class Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On August 7, 2008, an action was filed by the Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas on behalf of itself and a purported national class of state, local and territorial governmental entities against the Company and FDB alleging violations of RICO and federal antitrust laws, and seeking treble damages, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas v. McKesson Corporation, et al., </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(No. 1:08-CV-11349-PBS) ("Douglas County, Kansas Action").</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On December 24, 2008, an amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed abandoning the previously alleged antitrust claims, and adding as named plaintiffs the City of Panama City, Florida; the State of Oklahoma; the County of Anoka, Minnesota; Baltimore, Maryland; Columbia, South Carolina; and Goldsboro, North Carolina. On March 3, 2009, a second amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed, adding the State of Montana as a plaintiff, adding Montana state law claims, and adding a claim for tortious interference. On February 10, 2009, plaintiffs filed a notice of dismissal without prejudice of defendant FDB.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On May 20, 2009, an action was filed by Oakland County, Michigan and the City of Sterling Heights, Michigan against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Michigan's Antitrust Reform Act, Michigan's Consumer Protection Act, California's antitrust statute, and for fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, interest and attorneys' fees, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Oakland County, Michigan et al. v. McKesson Corporation</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, (No. 1:09-CV-10843-PBS) ("Michigan Counties Action"). On August 4, 2009, the court granted the Company's motion to stay the Michigan Counties Action.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On March 4, 2011, the court entered an order granting, in part, and denying, in part, plaintiffs' motion for class certification in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. Specifically, the court certified a nationwide class comprised of all non-federal and non-state governmental entities for liability and equitable relief for the period from August 1, 2001, to June 2, 2005, and for damages for the period August 1, 2001, to December 31, 2003. On March 30, 2011, the court granted, in part, plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration by extending the liability-only class period from June 2, 2005, to October 6, 2006. On May 13, 2011, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied the Company's petition and the plaintiffs' cross-petition seeking permission to appeal the district court's March 4, 2011 class certification order.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On June 28 and June 29, 2011, respectively, the Company executed settlement agreements with the States of Oklahoma and Montana with respect to the claims those States asserted on behalf of their respective Medicaid programs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. On December 6, 2011, the Company executed a settlement agreement with the State of Oklahoma with respect to the claims it asserted on behalf of the Oklahoma State and Education Employees Group Insurance Board. Pursuant to these settlements, the court dismissed with prejudice all claims asserted by the States of Oklahoma and Montana in the Douglas County, Kansas Action.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On October 25, 2011, the Company executed a settlement agreement with the certified class of plaintiffs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. The settlement provides that the Company will pay $<font class="_mt">82</font> million in settlement of all claims on behalf of a nationwide class of cities, counties, and other non-federal and non-state governmental entities. The settlement amount of $82 million is to be paid into a settlement escrow in installments following preliminary and final approvals of the settlement by the court. The escrow account shall be used for settlement administration costs, including notice, attorneys' fees as approved by the court, and the remainder will be distributed to class members in a manner determined by plaintiffs and subject to court approval. The settlement also provides that the settlement class will release all claims against the Company relating to FDB's allegedly inflated AWPs, whenever such claims were incurred, and includes an express denial of any liability on the part of the Company.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on November 8, 2011, and, on April 19, 2012, the court granted final approval of the settlement and entered final judgment. To date, approximately $<font class="_mt">32</font> million has been paid by the Company into the settlement escrow, and the balance of the $82 million is expected to be paid into the settlement escrow during the first quarter of 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On January 5, 2012, the Company and the plaintiffs in the Michigan Counties Action filed a stipulated order of dismissal with prejudice, which the court entered on January 12, 2012, and which became effective upon the court granting final approval of the settlement in the Douglas County, Kansas Action on April 19, 2012.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State Medicaid AWP Cases</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Beginning in September 2010, a series of suits were filed by individual states in jurisdictions other than the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts based on essentially the same factual allegations as alleged in </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">. A description of the actions pending during fiscal year 2012 is as follows:</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Kansas Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On September 13, 2010, an action was filed in the Kansas state court of Wyandotte County by the State of Kansas against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Kansas's Restraint of Trade Act, Kansas's Consumer Protection Act, and Kansas's false claims statute, and for civil conspiracy, fraud, unjust enrichment, and breach of contract, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, as well as injunctive relief, interest, disgorgement of profits, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Kansas ex rel. Steve Six v. McKesson Corporation, et al.</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, (No. 10CV1491). On February 24, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint and set trial for August 7, 2012. On February 15, 2012, the court granted the Company's motion for a continuance and reset trial for May 28, 2013. Discovery is ongoing.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Mississippi Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On October 8, 2010, an action was filed in the Mississippi state court of Hinds County by the State of Mississippi against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Mississippi's Medicaid Fraud Control Act, Mississippi's Consumer Protection Act, and for civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, unjust enrichment, and fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Mississippi v. McKesson Corporation, et al.</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, (No. 251-10-862CIV). On November 9, 2010, the Company filed a Notice of Removal to the United States District Court, for the Southern District of Mississippi. On January 27, 2011, the case was remanded back to Mississippi state court after the State dismissed its RICO claim. On February 15, 2011, the Company filed a motion to transfer the Mississippi Action from the Circuit Court of Hinds County to the Chancery Court of Hinds County, or in the alternative, to dismiss the State's claim under Mississippi's Consumer Protection Act for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. On July 1, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to transfer or, in the alternative, to dismiss. On July 22, 2011, the Company filed a petition with the Supreme Court of Mississippi seeking permission to appeal the trial court's July 1, 2011 order. On December 15, 2011, the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied the Company's petition but ordered the trial court to dismiss the State's claim under Mississippi's Consumer Protection Act. On July 26, 2011, a second amended complaint was filed that formally abandoned the previously alleged RICO claims and added claims on behalf of the Mississippi state employee health plan. On August 25, 2011, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the State's claim under Mississippi's Medicaid Fraud Control Act, which the court denied on March 12, 2012. On March 9, 2012, the Company filed a motion to extend the scheduling deadlines set by the court, including the trial date. On April 6, 2012, the parties filed a stipulated scheduling order requesting the court to continue the previously set trial date of November 26, 2012, to a date after March 1, 2013. The court has not yet ruled on this request. Discovery is ongoing.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Alaska Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On October 12, 2010, an action was filed in Alaska state court by the State of Alaska against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Alaska's unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as declaratory relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Alaska v. McKesson Corporation, et al., </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(No. 3AN-10-11348-CI). On May 24, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for February 4, 2013.</font></p><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Utah Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On October 20, 2010, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the State of Utah against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO and for civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, treble damages, restitution, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Utah v. McKesson Corporation, et al</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">., (No. CV 10-4743-SC). On July 19, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for March 11, 2013.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">The Arizona Administrative Proceeding</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On November 5, 2010, the Company received a Notice of Proposed Civil Monetary Penalty from the Office of Inspector General for the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System ("AHCCCS") purporting to initiate an administrative claim process against the Company, and seeking civil penalties in the amount of $<font class="_mt">101</font> million and an assessment in the amount of $<font class="_mt">112</font> million for false claims allegedly submitted to the Arizona Medicaid program (No. 2010-1218). On February 28, 2011, the Company filed a complaint in Arizona Superior Court, County of Maricopa, against AHCCCS and its Director, alleging that the administrative proceeding commenced by AHCCCS violates the Arizona Administrative Procedure Act and the Due Process Clauses of the Arizona Constitution and the United States Constitution, and seeking to enjoin AHCCCS's administrative proceeding, a declaratory judgment that AHCCCS lacks jurisdiction and legal authority to impose penalties or assessments against the Company, as well as costs of suit, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">McKesson Corporation v. AHCCCS, </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(No. CV-2011-004446). On April 28, 2011, the court ruled that AHCCCS has no jurisdiction to impose penalties or assessments against the Company and enjoined AHCCCS from prosecuting or reinitiating any penalty proceeding against the Company. On May 31, 2011, the court entered final judgment in favor of the Company. On June 16, 2011, AHCCCS filed a notice of appeal. The briefing on AHCCCS's appeal is complete, but a hearing date has not yet been set.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Hawaii Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On November 10, 2010, an action was filed in Hawaii state court by the State of Hawaii against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Hawaii's false claims statute, Hawaii's unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Hawaii v. McKesson Corporation, et al., </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(CV. No. 10-1-2411-11-GWBC). On April 12, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for April 15, 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Louisiana Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On December 20, 2010, an action was filed in Louisiana state court by the State of Louisiana against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under Louisiana's unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, Louisiana's Medical Assistance Programs Integrity Law, Louisiana's antitrust statute, and for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, civil conspiracy, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, statutory fines, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Louisiana v. McKesson Corporation</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, (No. C597634 Sec. 23). On June 2, 2011, the court granted the State's motion to consolidate for all purposes, including trial, the State's suit against the Company with the State's pending action against numerous drug manufacturers, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Louisiana v. Abbott Laboratories, Inc., et al</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">., (No. C596164). On September 8, 2011, the trial court entered an order granting the State's motion to voluntarily dismiss its antitrust claims. The Louisiana Court of Appeals, on September 20, 2011, denied the Company's appeal challenging the trial court's June 2, 2011 consolidation order. On December 14, 2011, the trial court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. <font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On December 19, 2011, the Company filed an application for a supervisory writ, with the Louisiana Court of Appeals, seeking to challenge the trial court's ruling that the State is the proper party to assert damages claims on behalf of Louisiana's Medicaid program, which application was denied. No trial date has been set.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Michigan Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On June 2, 2011, an action was filed in Michigan state court, County of Ingham, by the State of Michigan against the Company, FDB, and the Hearst Corporation asserting claims under Michigan's false claims statute, and for fraud based on false representation, silent fraud, civil conspiracy to commit fraud, tortious interference with contract, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, disgorgement of profits, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Bill Schuette ex rel. State of Michigan v. McKesson Corporation, et al</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">., (11-629-CZ). On November 29, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. No trial date has been set.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Virginia Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On June 8, 2011, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the Commonwealth of Virginia against the Company and&nbsp;<font class="_mt">two</font> of its employees asserting claims under RICO, Virginia's false claims statute, Virginia's fraud statute, and for conspiracy to defraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, interest, and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Commonwealth of Virginia v. McKesson Corporation, et al., </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(C11-02782-SI). On October 13, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the Commonwealth's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for March 11, 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Indiana Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On July 13, 2011, the Company was named as a co-defendant to FDB in an action filed in Indiana state court, County of Marion, by the State of Indiana asserting claims under Indiana's false claims statute, Indiana's Medicaid fraud statute, Indiana's theft statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, interest, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Indiana v. McKesson Corp. et al., </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(No. 49D11-1106-PL-021595). On January 20, 2012, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Specifically, the court dismissed without prejudice the State's claims under Indiana's Medicaid fraud statute and Indiana's theft statute, and for fraud. On February 21, 2012, a second amended complaint was filed asserting claims under Indiana's false claims statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy. On March 22, 2012, McKesson moved to dismiss the fraud claim in the second amended complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for April 7, 2014.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Kentucky Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On July 15, 2011, the Company was named as a co-defendant to FDB in an action filed in Kentucky state court, Franklin County, by the Commonwealth of Kentucky asserting claims under Kentucky's consumer protection statute, Kentucky's Medicaid fraud statute, Kentucky's theft by deception statute, Kentucky's false advertising statute, and for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, interest, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Commonwealth of Kentucky v. McKesson Corp. et al</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">., (No. 11-CI-00935). On March 12, 2012, the court held a hearing on the Company's motion to dismiss the Commonwealth's complaint but the court has not yet issued a ruling. No trial date has been set.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Oregon Action</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On November 11, 2011, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the State of Oregon against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Oregon's RICO statute, and for unjust enrichment, civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, and fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, a constructive trust, as well as interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">State of Oregon v. McKesson Corporation</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, No. C11-05384-SI. The Company filed an answer to the State's complaint on January 9, 2012. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for July 8, 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">B. The New Jersey United States Attorney's Office AWP Investigation</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In June 2007, the Company was informed that a relator had previously filed a qui tam action in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, purportedly on behalf of the United States, twelve states (California, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Mexico, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia) and the District of Columbia against the Company and seven other defendants. In January 2009, the Company was provided with a courtesy copy of the relator's third amended complaint, which alleges claims against the Company and seven other defendants under the False Claims Act and various state false claims statutes. The claims arise out of alleged manipulation of AWP by the defendants. This qui tam action is brought on behalf of the United States and various states, and seeks damages, treble damages and civil penalties, as well as attorneys' fees and costs of suit.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">C. General</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On January 30, 2012, the Company reached an agreement in principle with a coalition of State Attorneys General to resolve state Medicaid claims relating to AWP for payment by the Company of approximately $<font class="_mt">173</font> million. This amount shall be reduced by the total amount allocated to any state that declines to subscribe to the settlement. This agreement is subject to execution of written settlement agreements acceptable to the Company and each participating state. Although the Company believes that there will be substantial participation by the states, the final level of participation is not yet known. The Company will continue to defend vigorously any action pursued by a non-settling state. The Company has fully reserved for the financial effect of this agreement in principle.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company has a reserve relating to AWP public entity claims, which is reviewed at least quarterly and whenever events or circumstances indicate changes, including consideration of the pace and progress of discussions relating to potentially resolving other public entity claims. Pre-tax charges relating to changes in the Company's AWP litigation reserve, including accrued interest, are recorded in the Distribution Solutions segment. The Company's AWP litigation reserve is included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In view of the number of outstanding cases and expected future claims, and the uncertainties of the timing and outcome of this type of litigation, it is possible that the ultimate costs of these matters may exceed or be less than the reserve.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The following is the activity related to the AWP litigation reserve for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="45%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="44%" colspan="8" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="45%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">330</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Charges incurred</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">149</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">213</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Payments made</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(26</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(26</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 5px;" width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">AWP litigation reserve at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">453</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 3px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">330</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The charges for 2012 primarily related to the Douglas County, Kansas Action settlement and the state and federal Medicaid claims. The charges for 2011 primarily related to the state and federal Medicaid claims.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On April 3, 2012, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the United States Department of Justice to resolve the federal share of Medicaid claims related to AWP. The total settlement amount of $<font class="_mt">191</font> million, which includes interest, was paid on April 9, 2012. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, the United States Department of Justice filed a notice seeking the dismissal with prejudice of the claims on behalf of the United States asserted by the relator in the </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">qui tam </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">action pending in New Jersey federal court to the extent those claims are encompassed by the settlement release in the parties' agreement.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">II. Other Litigation and Claims</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On October 3, 2008, the United States filed a complaint in intervention in a pending </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">qui tam </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi, naming as defendants, among others, the Company and its former indirect subsidiary, McKesson Medical-Surgical MediNet Inc. ("MediNet"), now merged into and doing business as McKesson Medical-Surgical MediMart Inc., </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">United States ex rel. Jamison v. McKesson Corporation, et al.</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, (No. 2:08-CV-00214-SA). The United States ("USA") alleges violations of the federal False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. Sections 3729-33, in connection with billing and supply services rendered by MediNet to the long-term care facility operator co-defendants. The action seeks monetary damages in an unstated amount. On July 7, 2009, defendants filed motions to dismiss the action filed by the relator, arguing that the relator was not the original source of the claims which he attempts to pursue in his </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">qui tam </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">action. On March 25, 2010, the trial court granted defendants' motions to dismiss the relator and his complaint, which ruling was later affirmed on appeal by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. On June 2, 2010, the USA filed a motion for partial summary judgment, seeking a finding that the Company's co-defendant, a Medicare Part B supplier, failed to comply with certain of the 21 Supplier Standards ("Standards") established by federal regulations covering such Medicare suppliers, and that the relevant claims for which MediNet provided contract billing and/or supply services were rendered "false" by reason of such non-compliance. On July 2, 2010 the Company and MediNet filed their opposition to the USA's motion and themselves moved for summary judgment as to certain counts based on numerous arguments, including that the USA cannot, as a matter of law, establish that the co-defendant Medicare Part B supplier failed to meet the Standards. On March 28, 2011, the trial court issued its order denying the motion of the USA and granting the partial summary judgment motions of the Company and its co-defendants on grounds that, as a matter of law, the Standards had not been violated. All causes of action based on the alleged failure to comply with the Standards were dismissed. In September of 2011, the Company and MediNet moved for summary judgment on the USA's remaining causes of action which motions were denied on February 14, 2012. In its pretrial filings, the USA stated that it intends to seek damages, which after trebling as allowed by the False Claims Act, total $<font class="_mt">82</font> million, and will additionally seek between $<font class="_mt">407</font> million to $<font class="_mt">814</font> million in fines and penalties. The McKesson defendants strongly dispute any liability, disagree with those claims for damages, fines and penalties and, based on experience, believe that such claimed damages amounts are not meaningful indicators of potential liability. On February 21, 2012, a non-jury trial commenced. On March 8, 2012, the court set April 30, 2012 for the continuation of the trial to allow the USA to present its revised claim for damages which the USA represented at trial would be reduced from the amounts stated in pretrial filings. No rulings on liability or damages have been made yet.</font></p> <div> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">As previously reported, the Company's subsidiary, McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc. ("MMS"), has been named as a defendant in multiple cases pending in Nevada state court alleging that plaintiffs contracted Hepatitis C after being administered the drug Propofol during medical procedures conducted by third parties. All but&nbsp;<font class="_mt">seven</font> cases have been settled with no contribution from MMS, including the previously reported case with a jury verdict against MMS for $<font class="_mt">6</font> million in compensatory damages and $<font class="_mt">18</font> million in punitive damages. Of the seven remaining cases, the next trial date is January 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our subsidiary, Northstar Rx LLC, is one of multiple defendants in approximately&nbsp;<font class="_mt">425</font> active cases alleging that plaintiffs were injured after ingesting Reglan and/or its generic equivalent, metoclopramide. There are an additional&nbsp;<font class="_mt">52</font> cases in California, currently stayed, involving over&nbsp;<font class="_mt">2,000</font> plaintiffs. The cases usually include state law claims for strict liability, failure to warn, negligence, and breach of warranty. Most of these cases are pending in state courts in Pennsylvania, California and New Jersey, with other cases pending in Alabama, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, Oregon and Tennessee. Northstar Rx's insurers are providing coverage for these cases. The Company believes that all of these cases are subject to dismissal pursuant to the U.S. Supreme Court's 2011 ruling in </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Pliva, Inc. v. Mensing, </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">which barred certain types of claims involving generic pharmaceuticals. The Company is also named in approximately&nbsp;<font class="_mt">850</font> cases as a distributor of these products.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On January 4, 2011, the Company was served with a </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">qui tam </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">complaint that was originally filed in November 2005 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by a relator, a former employee of a Johnson &amp; Johnson affiliate, against the Company, Johnson &amp; Johnson and its affiliate companies, and Omnicare, Inc., alleging that the Company received illegal "kickbacks" from the Johnson &amp; Johnson defendants in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act and various state false claims statutes, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, </font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">United States ex rel. Scott Bartz v. Ortho McNeil Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(No. 2:05-cv-06010). The United States declined to intervene in the suit.</font></p><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">On February 23, 2011, the case was transferred to the District of Massachusetts. On May 27, 2011, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the relator's complaint. On June 10, 2011, the relator filed a notice of intent to voluntarily dismiss the Company from the action, subject to approval by the United States and the various states on whose behalf the relator filed suit. On March 2, 2012, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the Johnson &amp; Johnson defendants' motion to dismiss. Specifically, the court ruled that it lacked jurisdiction over the relator's claims under the False Claims Act, and it declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the relator's claims under various state false claims statutes. On April 19, 2012, the Court granted the relator's unopposed motion to dismiss the Company from the action.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">III. Government Investigations and Subpoenas</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">From time-to-time, the Company receives subpoenas or requests for information from various government agencies. The Company generally responds to such subpoenas and requests in a cooperative, thorough and timely manner. These responses sometimes require considerable time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred by the Company. Such subpoenas and requests also can lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of civil or criminal legal proceedings against the Company and other members of the health care industry, as well as to settlements. Examples of such requests and subpoenas include the following two items.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">First, prior to its recent acquisition by the Company, US Oncology was informed that the United States Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") and the Attorney General for the State of Texas ("Texas AG") had opened investigations to determine whether a transaction in which certain Austin, Texas based oncology physicians became employees of an existing Texas US Oncology affiliated oncology practice group violated relevant state or federal antitrust laws. US Oncology has responded to requests for information from the government agencies and the Company has continued to cooperate with the FTC and the Texas Attorney General regarding these investigations. US Oncology has reached an agreement with the Texas AG fully resolving its inquiry, and the FTC has informed US Oncology that it has closed its file regarding the matter.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Second, the Company has been informed of an investigation by the Regie de l'assurance maladie Du Quebec ("RAMQ") to which the Company's subsidiary, McKesson Canada Corporation ("MCC"), has responded. RAMQ is a provincial government agency with administrative authority over the conduct of pharmaceutical businesses in Quebec Province. MCC has cooperated fully with the investigation which has been conducted, with substantial interruptions, from 2009 through the present. The Company believes that the investigation is focused on certain discounts and payments offered to pharmacies in the Quebec Province.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">IV. Environmental Matters</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Primarily as a result of the operation of the Company's former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, the Company is involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. The Company has received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial actions purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at&nbsp;<font class="_mt">eight</font> sites where it, or entities acquired by it, formerly conducted operations and the Company, by administrative order or otherwise, has agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. In addition, the Company is one of multiple recipients of a New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Agency directive and a separate United States Environmental Protection Agency directive relating to potential natural resources damages ("NRD") associated with one of these eight sites. Although the Company's potential allocation under either directive cannot be determined at this time, it has agreed to participate with a potentially responsible party ("PRP") group in the funding of an NRD assessment, the costs of which are reflected in the aggregate estimates set forth below.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Based on a determination by the Company's environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of the Company's probable loss associated with the remediation costs for these eight sites is $<font class="_mt">7</font> million, net of approximately $<font class="_mt">1.7</font> million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or is expected, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $7 million is expected to be paid out between <font class="_mt">April 2012 and March 2032</font>. The Company's estimated probable loss for these environmental matters has been entirely accrued for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.</font></p><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In addition, the Company has been designated as a PRP under the Superfund law for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of its alleged disposal of hazardous substances at&nbsp;<font class="_mt">13</font> sites. With respect to these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter, costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. At one of these sites, the United State Environmental Protection Agency has recently selected a preferred remedy with an estimated cost of approximately $<font class="_mt">70</font> million. It is not certain at this point in time what proportion of this estimated liability will be borne by the Company or by the other PRPs. Accordingly, the Company's estimated probable loss at those 13 sites is approximately $<font class="_mt">1</font> million, which has been entirely accrued for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by the Company in Superfund matters to date have not been significant.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">V. Other Matters</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company is involved in various other litigation and governmental proceedings, not described above, that arise in the normal course of business. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate outcome or the duration of any such litigation or governmental proceedings, the Company believes, based on current knowledge and the advice of counsel, that such litigation and proceedings will not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations.</font></p> </div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Loss Contingencies</font></i>: <font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate.</font></p></div> </div> 0.48 0.72 0.8 0.01 0.01 800000000 800000000 369000000 373000000 4000000 4000000 1448000000 1283000000 1321000000 0.49 0.52 0.17 0.09 0.10 0.16 0.10 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basis of Presentation: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The consolidated financial statements of McKesson include the financial statements of all wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned or controlled companies. We also evaluate our ownership, contractual and other interests in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities ("VIEs"), if we have a variable interest in those entities and the nature and extent of those interests. These evaluations are highly complex and involve judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions based on available historical information and management's judgment, among other factors. Based on our evaluations, if we determine we are the primary beneficiary of such VIEs we consolidate such entities into our financial statements. The consolidated VIEs are not material to our consolidated financial statements. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.</font></p></div> </div> 103026000000 106114000000 116167000000 255000000 283000000 271000000 44000000 54000000 28000000 324000000 377000000 351000000 25000000 40000000 52000000 <div> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">12. Debt and Financing Activities</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="font-size: 11pt; line-height: 115%; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0"> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="67%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="11%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="8%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 27%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="27%" colspan="6"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">March 31,</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td></tr> <tr><td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">(In millions)</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">2012</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">2011</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">7.75</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">February 1, 2012</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">0</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 3.2pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">399</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">5.25</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2013</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">500</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">499</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">6.50</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">February 15, 2014</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">350</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">350</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3.25</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2016</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">5.70</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2017</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">499</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">499</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">7.50</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">February 15, 2019</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">349</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">349</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">4.75</font></font>% Notes dues&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2021</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">7.65</font></font>% Debentures due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2027</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">175</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">175</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">6.00</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2041</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">493</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">493</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Other</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">18</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">44</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 1.05pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Total debt</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3,580</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">4,004</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Less current portion</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">(508</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">)</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">(417</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">)</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td></tr> <tr><td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 1.05pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Total long-term debt</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3,072</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 3.2pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3,587</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr></table> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font>&nbsp;</p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">In connection with our execution of an agreement to acquire US Oncology, in November 2010 we entered into a $<font class="_mt">2.0</font> billion unsecured Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement ("Bridge Loan"). In December 2010, we reduced the Bridge Loan commitment to $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion. On January 31, 2011, we borrowed $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion under the Bridge Loan. On February 28, 2011, we repaid the funds obtained under the Bridge Loan with long-term debt, as further described below, and the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement was terminated. During the time it was outstanding, the Bridge Loan bore interest of <font class="_mt">1.76</font>%, which was based on the London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin based on the Company's credit rating. Bridge Loan fees in 2011 of $<font class="_mt">25</font> million were included in interest expense.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">US Oncology Debt Acquired</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Upon our purchase of US Oncology in December 2010, we assumed the outstanding debt of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary US Oncology, Inc. Immediately prior to our acquisition, US Oncology Holdings, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Toggle Notes due 2012 and US Oncology, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding <font class="_mt">9.125</font>% Senior Secured Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">2017</font> and <font class="_mt">10.75</font>% Senior Subordinated Notes due <font class="_mt">2014</font>. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we paid interest of $<font class="_mt">50</font> million and redeemed these notes, including the remaining accrued interest for $<font class="_mt">1,738</font> million using cash on hand and borrowings under our Bridge Loan.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Long-Term Debt</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">On February 28, 2011, we issued 3.25% notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2016</font> in an aggregate principal amount of $<font class="_mt">600</font> million, <font class="_mt">4.75</font>% notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2021</font> in an aggregate principal amount of $<font class="_mt">600</font> million and 6.00% notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2041</font> in an aggregate principal amount of $<font class="_mt">500</font> million. Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning on September 1, 2011. We utilized net proceeds, after discounts and offering expenses, of $<font class="_mt">1,673</font> million from the issuance of these notes (each note constitutes a "Series") for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings under the Bridge Loan.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Each Series constitutes an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Company and ranks equally with all of the Company's existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness outstanding from time-to-time. Each Series is governed by materially similar indentures and an officers' certificate specifying certain terms of each Series.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Upon&nbsp;<font class="_mt">30</font> days notice to holders of a Series, we may redeem that Series at any time prior to maturity, in whole or in part, for cash at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium, as specified in the indenture and officers' certificate relating to that Series. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of a Series below an investment grade rating by each of Fitch Ratings, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and Standard &amp; Poor's Ratings Services within a specified period, an offer will be made to purchase that Series from the holders at a price in cash equal to <font class="_mt">101</font>% of the then outstanding principal amount of that Series, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The indenture and the related officers' certificate for each Series, subject to the exceptions and in compliance with the conditions as applicable, specify that we may not incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. The indentures also contain customary events and default provisions.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">In February 2012, we repaid our $<font class="_mt">400</font> million <font class="_mt">7.75</font>% Notes which had matured. In March 2010, we repaid our $<font class="_mt">215</font> million <font class="_mt">9.13</font>% Series C Senior Notes which had matured.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Scheduled future payments of long-term debt are $<font class="_mt">508</font> million in 2013, $<font class="_mt">351</font> million in 2014, $<font class="_mt">2</font> million in 2015, $<font class="_mt">600</font> million in 2016, $<font class="_mt">500</font> million in 2017 and $<font class="_mt">1,619</font> million thereafter.</font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><em>Accounts Receivable Sales Facility</em><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">In May 2011, we renewed our existing accounts receivable sales facility (the "Facility") for a&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> year period under terms substantially similar to those previously in place. The committed capacity of the Facility is $<font class="_mt">1.35</font> billion, although, from time-to-time, the available amount of the Facility may be less than $1.35 billion based on accounts receivable concentration limits and other eligibility requirements. The accounts receivable sales facility will expire in May 2012. We anticipate renewing the Facility before its expiration.</font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Through the Facility, McKesson Corporation, the parent company, transfers certain U.S. pharmaceutical trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to a special purpose entity ("SPE"), which is a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of McKesson Corporation that is consolidated in our financial statements. This SPE then sells undivided interests in the pool of accounts receivable to third-party purchaser groups (the "Purchaser Groups"), which include financial institutions and commercial paper conduits.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Since April 1, 2010, transactions under the Facility have been accounted for as secured borrowings rather than asset sales primarily because the Company's retained interest in the pool of accounts receivable is subordinated to the Purchaser Groups to the extent there is any outstanding balance in the Facility. Consequently, the related accounts receivable continue to be recognized on our consolidated balance sheets and proceeds from the Purchaser Groups are shown as secured borrowings.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">The Facility contains requirements relating to the performance of the accounts receivable and covenants relating to the SPE and the Company. If we do not comply with these covenants, our ability to use the Facility may be suspended and repayment of any outstanding balances under the Facility may be required. At March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with all covenants.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">We continue servicing accounts receivable subject to the Facility. However, no servicing asset or liability is recorded at the time the Facility is utilized as there is no service fee or other income received and the costs of servicing the receivables subject to the Facility are not material. Servicing costs are recognized as incurred over the servicing period.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">During 2012, we borrowed $<font class="_mt">400</font> million under the Facility. There were no borrowings in 2011 under the Facility. At March 31, 2012, there were $<font class="_mt">400</font> million in secured borrowings and $<font class="_mt">400</font> million of related securitized accounts receivable outstanding, which are included in short-term borrowings and receivables in the consolidated balance sheets, under the Facility. At March 31, 2011, there were no secured borrowings or related securitized accounts receivables outstanding under the Facility. Fees and charges on the facility were $<font class="_mt">6</font> million, $<font class="_mt">9</font> million and $<font class="_mt">11</font> million in 2012, 2011 and 2010 and were recorded as interest expense in 2012 and 2011 and in operating expenses in 2010. Should we default under the Facility, the Purchaser Groups are entitled to&nbsp;receive only collections on the accounts receivable owned by the SPE and in the amount necessary to recover the interest, fees and principal amounts due the Purchaser Groups under the terms of the Facility.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">The delinquency ratio for the qualifying receivables represented&nbsp;<font class="_mt">less than <font class="_mt">1</font>%</font> of the total qualifying receivables as of March 31, 2012 and 2011.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Revolving Credit Facility</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">In September 2011, we renewed our existing syndicated $<font class="_mt">1.3</font> billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in June 2012. This renewed credit facility has terms and conditions substantially similar to those previously in place and matures in <font class="_mt">September 2016</font>. Borrowings under this renewed credit facility bear interest based upon either the London Interbank Offered Rate or a prime rate. There were no borrowings under this credit facility during 2012, 2011 and 2010. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, there were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility.</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Commercial Paper</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">There were&nbsp;<font class="_mt">no</font> commercial paper issuances during 2012, 2011 and 2010 and no amount outstanding at March 31, 2012 and 2011.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Debt Covenants</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Our various borrowing facilities and long-term debt are subject to certain covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which cannot exceed <font class="_mt">56.5</font>%. For the purpose of calculating this ratio, borrowings under the accounts receivable sales facility are excluded. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility could be accelerated. As of March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with our financial covenants.</font></p></div> </div> 215000000 400000000 600000000 500000000 600000000 4300000000 4100000000 11000000 9000000 6000000 0.0913 0.09125 0.1075 0.0475 0.0775 0.057 0.0525 0.0475 0.075 0.0775 0.0765 0.06 0.065 0.0325 2017-03-01 2013-03-01 2021-03-01 2019-02-15 2012-02-01 2027-03-01 2041-03-01 2014-02-15 2016-03-01 269000000 121000000 129000000 -5000000 6000000 7000000 277000000 128000000 165000000 1321000000 25000000 1423000000 3000000 13000000 1000000 29000000 9000000 28000000 107000000 114000000 1396000000 1436000000 -964000000 -1160000000 -1036000000 -1092000000 72000000 20000000 1297000000 1335000000 241000000 256000000 494000000 400000000 409000000 447000000 48000000 44000000 97000000 175000000 99000000 101000000 2261000000 2495000000 1037000000 1092000000 1450000000 1635000000 532000000 544000000 0 88000000 58000000 53000000 221000000 263000000 622000000 667000000 242000000 276000000 5000000 -239000000 2000000 -274000000 2000000 2000000 2000000 1000000 -1000000 -1000000 40000000 12000000 1000000 0 0 1000000 2000000 21000000 -4000000 42000000 1000000 25000000 1000000 30000000 2000000 2000000 -209000000 -260000000 -51000000 -6000000 3000000 4000000 0 0.0533 0.0533 0.0509 0.0499 0.0488 0.0444 0.0423 0.0415 0.0375 0.0374 0.0356 0.0786 0.0768 0.0533 0.0530 0.0509 0.0498 0.0790 0.0779 0.0760 0.0362 0.0375 0.0374 154000000 593000000 152000000 625000000 144000000 670000000 -13000000 -32000000 -13000000 -34000000 1000000 44000000 3000000 -38000000 -2000000 13000000 38000000 50000000 190000000 11000000 33000000 11000000 36000000 11000000 43000000 11000000 144000000 11000000 33000000 24000000 29000000 31000000 391000000 26000000 2000000 5000000 19000000 416000000 105000000 144000000 34000000 -34000000 19000000 19000000 45000000 26000000 10000000 5000000 431000000 28000000 5000000 20000000 104000000 1000000 0 0 144000000 0 0 34000000 0 0 0 19000000 0 14000000 31000000 0 0 26000000 0 0 0 5000000 118000000 303000000 10000000 0 28000000 0 0 0 5000000 0 20000000 0 410000000 134000000 25000000 12000000 -12000000 6000000 20000000 28000000 100000000 48000000 17000000 416000000 21000000 17000000 11000000 0 134000000 0 0 25000000 0 0 12000000 0 0 0 20000000 0 14000000 14000000 0 100000000 0 0 0 48000000 0 0 114000000 285000000 17000000 0 21000000 0 0 0 17000000 0 11000000 0 6000000 -1000000 6000000 -1000000 -209000000 -260000000 0.058 0.075 0.085 0.055 0.075 0.080 9000000 35000000 8000000 31000000 7000000 31000000 -15000000 40000000 5000000 36000000 8000000 34000000 529000000 667000000 319000000 410000000 533000000 670000000 -14000000 0 0 -14000000 6000000 0 -5000000 11000000 1000000 4000000 1000000 6000000 2000000 7000000 0.32 0.35 0.61 0.53 0.07 0.12 -2000000 -2000000 0 0 1000000 0 0 1000000 0 1000000 59000000 4000000 23000000 32000000 17000000 42000000 58000000 6000000 22000000 30000000 17000000 41000000 148000000 139000000 140000000 477000000 111000000 154000000 212000000 496000000 120000000 167000000 209000000 551000000 117000000 225000000 209000000 0 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Derivative Financial Instruments: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. We periodically evaluate hedge effectiveness, and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the change included in earnings.</font></p></div> </div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3. Share-Based Compensation</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We provide share-based compensation for our employees, officers and non-employee directors, including stock options, an employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PeRSUs") (collectively, "share-based awards.") Most of our share-based awards are granted in the first quarter of each fiscal year.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Compensation expense for the share-based awards is recognized for the portion of awards ultimately expected to vest. We estimate the number of share-based awards, which will ultimately vest primarily based on historical experience. The estimated forfeiture rate established upon grant is re-assessed throughout the requisite service period. As required, the forfeiture estimates are adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures when an award vests. The actual forfeitures in future reporting periods could be higher or lower than current estimates.</font></p><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. There was no material share-based compensation expense capitalized as part of the cost of an asset in 2012, 2011 and 2010.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Impact on Net Income</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The components of share-based compensation expense and related tax benefits are as follows:</font></p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="36%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="48%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">RSUs </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">97</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">79</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">47</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PeRSUs </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">24</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">39</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Stock options</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Employee stock purchase plan</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Share-based compensation expense</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">154</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">137</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(3)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(55</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(48</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(41</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Share-based compensation expense, net of tax</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">99</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">89</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">73</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years' performance period.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(2) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year's performance period.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(3) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible.</font></font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Stock Plans</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The 2005 Stock Plan provides our employees, officers and non-employee director's share-based long-term incentives. The 2005 Stock Plan permits the granting of up to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">42.5</font> million shares in the form of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, PeRSUs and other share-based awards. As of March 31, 2012,&nbsp;<font class="_mt">9.3</font> million shares remain available for future grant under the 2005 Stock Plan.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Stock Options</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Stock options are granted at no less than fair market value and those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan generally have a contractual term of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">seven</font> years and follow a four-year vesting schedule.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Compensation expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period and is based on the grant-date fair value for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest. We continue to use the Black-Scholes options-pricing model to estimate the fair value of our stock options. Once the fair value of an employee stock option is determined, current accounting practices do not permit it to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual. The options-pricing model requires the use of various estimates and assumptions as follows:</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;" size="2">&#8211; </font><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected stock price volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility of our common stock and implied market volatility. We believe that this market-based input provides a better estimate of our future stock price movements and is consistent with employee stock option valuation considerations.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;" size="2">&#8211; </font><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected dividend yield is based on historical experience and investors' current expectations.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;" size="2">&#8211; </font><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is based on the constant maturity U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif;" size="2">&#8211; </font><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected life of the options is based primarily on historical employee stock option exercises and other behavior data and reflects the impact of changes in contractual life of current option grants compared to our historical grants.</font></p> <div> <p style="text-align: center;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee stock options were as follows:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="49%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="48%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected stock price volatility</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">29</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected dividend yield</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1.0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1.1</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0.7</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected life (in years)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2012:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%" colspan="2"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options Outstanding</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="25%" colspan="3"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options Exercisable</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Number of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Number of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Remaining</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercisable</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="31%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Range of Exercise</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">At Year End</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Contractual</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercise</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">at Year End</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercise</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%" colspan="2"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prices</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Life (Years)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Price</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Price</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27.35</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41.02</font></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">38.09</font></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="center" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">36.52</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41.03</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54.70</font></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">45.99</font></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">46.36</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54.71</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">68.37</font></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">63.01</font></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61.20</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">68.38</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">84.41</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">83.04</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">74.57</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table summarizes stock option activity during 2012, 2011 and 2010:</font></p> <div class="MetaData"> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="42%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Remaining</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Aggregate</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average Exercise</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Contractual</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intrinsic</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="42%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions, except per share data and years)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Shares</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Price</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Term (Years)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Value</font></b> <sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></sup><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></sup></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2009</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">39.28</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40.59</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercised</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33.34</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">16</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41.26</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">394</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">67.95</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercised</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37.63</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49.01</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">269</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">83.30</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercised</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">42.20</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">8</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">56.88</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">226</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="101%" colspan="8">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested and expected to vest </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">56.71</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">225</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested and exercisable, March 31, 2012</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49.86</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">142</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(2) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of "in-the-money" options.</font></font></font></p></div> <div>&nbsp;</div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table provides data related to stock option activity:</font></p></div></div></div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="63%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="33%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="63%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions, except per share data and years)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%" colspan="2"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20.32</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">18.37</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12.56</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">276</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">115</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash received upon exercise</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">113</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">319</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">165</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Tax benefits realized related to exercise</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">106</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total fair value of stock options vested</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">16</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">related to unvested stock options not yet recognized,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">pre-tax</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average period in years over which stock</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="63%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">option compensation cost is expected to be recognized</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">RSUs and PeRSUs</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">RSUs, which entitle the holder to receive at the end of a vesting term a specified number of shares of the Company's common stock, are accounted for at fair value at the date of grant. Total compensation expense for RSUs under our stock plans is determined by the product of the number of shares that are expected to vest and the grant date market price of the Company's common stock. The Compensation Committee determines the vesting terms at the time of grant. These awards generally vest in three to four years. We recognize expense for RSUs with a single vest date on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We have elected to expense the grant date fair value of RSUs with only graded vesting and service conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Non-employee directors receive an annual grant of RSUs, which vest immediately and are expensed upon grant. The director may choose to receive payment immediately or defer receipt of the underlying shares if they meet director stock ownership guidelines. At March 31, 2012,&nbsp;<font class="_mt">128,000</font> RSUs for our directors are vested, but shares have not been issued.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PeRSUs are RSUs for which the number of RSUs awarded may be conditional upon the attainment of one or more performance objectives over a specified period. PeRSUs are accounted for as variable awards until the performance goals are reached and the grant date is established. Total compensation expense for PeRSUs is determined by the product of the number of shares eligible to be awarded and expected to vest, and the market price of the Company's common stock, commencing at the inception of the requisite service period. During the performance period, the compensation expense for PeRSUs is re-computed using the market price and the performance modifier at the end of a reporting period. At the end of the performance period, if the goals are attained, the awards are granted and classified as RSUs and accounted for on that basis. For PeRSUs granted during or prior to 2009, for which the related RSU grant has multiple vesting dates, we recognize the compensation expense of these awards on a graded vesting basis over the requisite aggregate service period of four years. For PeRSUs granted during or after 2009, for which the related RSU has a single vesting date, we recognize compensation expense of these awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite aggregate service period of four years.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table summarizes RSU activity during 2012, 2011 and 2010:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="65%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Grant Date Fair</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="65%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions, except per share data)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Shares</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Value Per Share</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2009</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54.70</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40.94</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">50.42</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49.21</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">67.84</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61.05</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">57.79</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">82.71</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">57.95</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">65.14</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table provides data related to RSU activity:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="56%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="42%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="56%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Dollars in millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total fair value of shares vested</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">43</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">74</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">pre-tax</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">143</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">131</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">is expected to be recognized</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">In May 2011, the Compensation Committee approved&nbsp;<font class="_mt">1</font> million PeRSU target share units representing the base number of awards that could be granted, if goals are attained, and would be granted in the first quarter of 2013 (the "2012 PeRSU"). These target share units are not included in the table above as they have not been granted in the form of RSUs. As of March 31, 2012, the total pre-tax compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested 2012 PeRSUs not yet recognized was approximately $<font class="_mt">81</font> million, (based on the period-end market price of the Company's common stock) and the weighted-average period over which the cost is expected to be recognized is&nbsp;<font class="_mt">3</font> years.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><em>Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP")</em></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The Company has an ESPP under which&nbsp;<font class="_mt">16</font> million shares have been authorized for issuance. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions. The deductions occur over <font class="_mt">three</font>-month purchase periods and the shares are then purchased at <font class="_mt">85</font>% of the market price at the end of each purchase period. Employees are allowed to terminate their participation in the ESPP at any time during the purchase period prior to the purchase of the shares. The <font class="_mt">15</font>% discount provided to employees on these shares is included in compensation expense. The shares related to funds outstanding at the end of a quarter are included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. These amounts have not been significant. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, 1 million shares were issued under the ESPP and 2 million shares remain available for issuance at March 31, 2012.</font></p> </div> 95000000 95000000 0 72000000 72000000 72000000 0 <div> <i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font></i> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7. Discontinued Operation</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In July 2010, our Technology Solutions segment sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited ("MAP"), a provider of phone and web-based healthcare services in Australia and New Zealand, for net sales proceeds of $<font class="_mt">109</font> million. The divestiture generated a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $<font class="_mt">95</font> million and $<font class="_mt">72</font> million. As a result of the sale, we were able to utilize capital loss carry-forwards for which we previously recorded a valuation allowance of $<font class="_mt">15</font> million. The release of the valuation allowance is included as a tax benefit in our after-tax gain on the divestiture. The after-tax gain on disposition was recorded as a discontinued operation in our consolidated statement of operations in 2011. The historical financial operating results and net assets of MAP were not material to our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented</font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">.</font></i></p></div> </div> 131000000 131000000 188000000 188000000 202000000 202000000 4.70 1.12 4.65 1.27 0.61 1.65 1.15 5.70 1.20 1.22 2.14 4.62 1.10 4.57 1.25 0.60 1.62 1.13 5.59 1.18 1.20 2.09 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8. Earnings Per Common Share</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per common share are computed similar to basic earnings per common share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The computations for basic and diluted earnings per common share are as follows:</font></p> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="32%" colspan="5" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="55%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions, except per share amounts)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Income from continuing operations</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,403</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,130</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,263</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,403</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double; text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,202</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,263</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="90%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted average common shares outstanding:</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">246</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">258</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">269</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Effect of dilutive securities:</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Options to purchase common stock</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted stock units</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">251</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">263</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">273</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="90%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share: </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.70</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.37</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.70</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 10px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.70</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double; text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.65</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.70</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.59</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.29</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.62</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 10px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.59</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.57</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.62</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments.</font></font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Potentially dilutive securities primarily include outstanding stock options, RSUs and PeRSUs. Approximately&nbsp;<font class="_mt">4</font> million,&nbsp;<font class="_mt">6</font> million and&nbsp;<font class="_mt">8</font> million of potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computations of diluted net earnings per common share in 2012, 2011 and 2010, as they were anti-dilutive.</font></p> </div> 36000000 8000000 -6000000 44000000 -80000000 165000000 319000000 113000000 61000000 37000000 131000000 41000000 81000000 143000000 40000000 2 1 2 1 3 3 1 41000000 48000000 55000000 37000000 106000000 40000000 0 24000000 1700000 0.49 17000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financing Receivables: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We assess and monitor credit risk associated with financing receivables, namely lease and notes receivables, through regular review of our collection experience in determining our allowance for loan losses. On an ongoing basis, we also evaluate credit quality of our financing receivables utilizing aging of receivables and write-offs, as well as consider existing economic conditions, to determine if an allowance is necessary. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, financing receivables and the related allowance were not material to our consolidated financial statements.</font></p></div> </div> <div> <font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16. Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">At March 31, 2012 and 2011, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable securities, receivables, drafts and accounts payable, short-term borrowings and other current liabilities approximated their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Included in cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2012 and 2011, were money market fund investments of $<font class="_mt">0.8</font> billion and $<font class="_mt">1.7</font> billion, which are reported at fair value. The fair value of these investments was determined by using quoted prices for identical investments in active markets, which are considered to be Level 1 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosures guidance. The carrying value of all other cash equivalents approximates fair value due to their relatively short-term nature.</font></p></div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The carrying amount and estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was $<font class="_mt">3.6</font> billion and $<font class="_mt">4.1</font> billion at March 31, 2012 and $<font class="_mt">4.0</font> billion and $<font class="_mt">4.3</font> billion at March 31, 2011. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was determined using quoted market prices and other inputs that were derived from available market information. These are considered to be Level 2 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosure guidance, and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. At times we limit these risks through the use of derivatives such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts. In accordance with our policy, derivatives are only used for hedging purposes. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign currency rate risk</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The majority of our operations are conducted in US dollars however, certain assets and liabilities, revenues and expense and purchasing activities are incurred in and exposed to other currencies. We have established certain foreign currency rate risk programs that manage the impact of foreign currency fluctuation. These programs are utilized on a transactional basis when we consider there to be a risk in fair value or volatility in cash flows. These programs reduce but do not entirely eliminate foreign currency rate risk. Currently, our foreign currency rate risk programs include:</font></p> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In March 2012, we entered into a number of forward contracts to hedge Canadian dollar de<font class="_mt">no</font>minated cash flows. These contracts mature over a period of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">eight</font> years and have a gross notional value of $<font class="_mt">528</font> million. These contracts have been designated for hedge accounting and accordingly, changes in the contracts' fair value will be recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. At March 31, 2012, the fair value of these contracts was not material and&nbsp;<font class="_mt">no</font> amounts were reclassified to earnings in 2012.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2012, we entered into a number of forward contracts to hedge British pound denominated cash flows. These contracts mature in 2013 and have a gross notional value of $<font class="_mt">151</font> million. These contracts have not been designated for hedge accounting and accordingly, changes in these contracts' fair value are recorded directly in earnings. At March 31, 2012, the fair value of these contracts was not material and net gains or losses for the year ended March 31, 2012 were also not material.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The fair values of all derivatives are considered to be Level 2 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosure guidance and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future.</font></p></div></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p></div> </div> 680000000 31000000 444000000 170000000 24000000 11000000 865000000 38000000 554000000 190000000 31000000 52000000 121000000 132000000 191000000 3 2136000000 76000000 1057000000 204000000 76000000 723000000 2615000000 192000000 1081000000 244000000 76000000 1022000000 P18Y P7Y P4Y P8Y P18Y 3 20 10 1 1 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fiscal Period: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company's fiscal year.</font></p></div> </div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign Currency Translation: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our international subsidiaries generally consider their local currency to be their functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses in the stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2012, 2011 or 2010.</font></p></div> </div> 934000000 122000000 142000000 200000000 166000000 186000000 17000000 0 0 20000000 -213000000 -149000000 75000000 1684000000 1842000000 2068000000 3568000000 1871000000 1697000000 4364000000 2662000000 1702000000 5032000000 3190000000 1842000000 827000000 819000000 8000000 662000000 511000000 151000000 -45000000 -32000000 -13000000 20000000 20000000 0 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="40%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Distribution</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Technology</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="40%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Solutions</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Solutions</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance, March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,871</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,697</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3,568</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill acquired</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">819</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">827</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Acquisition accounting and other adjustments</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(32</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(13</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(45</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign currency translation adjustments</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">10</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">14</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance, March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,662</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,702</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4,364</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill acquired</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">511</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">151</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">662</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Acquisition accounting and other adjustments</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign currency translation adjustments</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(11</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(14</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="40%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance, March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3,190</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,842</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5,032</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Information regarding intangible assets is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="17%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="41%" colspan="8" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="29%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">March 31, 2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Weighted</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Average</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Remaining</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amortization</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Gross</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Net</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Gross</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Net</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Period</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td> <td width="10%" colspan="2" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Accumulated</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Accumulated</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="17%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(Dollars in millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(Years)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" colspan="2" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amortization</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amortization</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Customer lists</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,081</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(554</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">527</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,057</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(444</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">613</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Service agreements</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,022</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(52</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">970</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">723</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(11</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">712</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Trademarks and trade names</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">192</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(38</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">154</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">76</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(31</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">45</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Technology</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">4</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">244</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(190</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">54</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">204</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(170</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">34</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Other</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">76</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(31</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">45</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">76</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(24</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">52</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">2,615</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(865</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,750</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">2,136</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 1px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(680</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,456</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amortization expense of intangible assets was $<font class="_mt">191</font> million, $<font class="_mt">132</font> million and $<font class="_mt">121</font> million for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Estimated annual amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows: $<font class="_mt">200</font> million, $<font class="_mt">186</font> million, $<font class="_mt">166</font> million, $<font class="_mt">142</font> million and $<font class="_mt">122</font> million for 2013 through 2017, and $<font class="_mt">934</font> million thereafter. All intangible assets were subject to amortization as of March 31, 2012 and 2011.</font></p> </div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component&#8212;one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment tests require that we compare the carrying value of our reporting units to the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we decide that it is appropriate to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform a quantitative assessment, the fair value of a reporting unit is based upon a number of considerations including projections of revenues, earnings and discounted cash flows and determination of market value multiples for similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. The discount rate used for cash flows reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. In addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units' fair value to the Company's market capitalization as a further corroboration of the fair value. The testing requires a complex series of assumptions and judgment by management in projecting future operating results, selecting guideline companies for comparisons and assessing risks. The use of alternative assumptions and estimates could affect the fair values and change the impairment determinations. There were no goodwill impairments during 2012, 2011, or 2010.</font></p></div> </div> 14000000 4000000 10000000 -14000000 -3000000 -11000000 5676000000 1392000000 5970000000 1366000000 1461000000 1751000000 1509000000 6567000000 1647000000 1566000000 1845000000 125000000 41000000 86000000 P2Y P1Y P5Y P1Y 1263000000 1130000000 1403000000 1340000000 1161000000 1316000000 1864000000 1635000000 1919000000 524000000 474000000 603000000 1864000000 1635000000 1919000000 4.70 1.12 4.37 0.99 0.61 1.65 5.70 4.62 1.10 4.29 0.97 0.60 1.62 5.59 0.00 0.00 0.28 0.28 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.28 0.28 0.00 0.00 0.00 6000000 -6000000 9000000 <div> <font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6. Income Taxes</font></b></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="53%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="53%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="41%" colspan="5"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="53%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income from continuing operations before income taxes</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">U.S.</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,316</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,161</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,340</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">603</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">474</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">524</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total income from continuing operations before</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">income taxes</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,919</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,864</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="46%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> <p>&nbsp;</p></td> <td width="15%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="17%" colspan="2"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="46%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="15%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Federal</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">271</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">283</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">255</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">State and local</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">52</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total current</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">351</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">377</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">324</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="93%" colspan="8">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Deferred</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="15%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Federal</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">129</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">121</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">269</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">State and local</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">29</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">13</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total deferred</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">165</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">128</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">277</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax provision</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">516</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">505</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">601</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">In 2012, 2011 and 2010, income tax expense included $<font class="_mt">66</font> million, $<font class="_mt">34</font> million and $<font class="_mt">7</font> million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily relate to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest. Included in the 2012 discrete tax benefit, is a $<font class="_mt">31</font> million credit to income tax expense as a result of the reversal of an income tax reserve relating to our AWP litigation.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We have received tax assessments of $<font class="_mt">98</font> million from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") relating to <font class="_mt">2003 through 2006</font>. We disagree with a substantial portion of the tax assessments primarily relating to transfer pricing. We are pursuing administrative relief through the appeals process and an opening conference has been scheduled for May 15, 2012. We have also received assessments from the Canada Revenue Agency ("CRA") for a total of $<font class="_mt">169</font> million related to transfer pricing for <font class="_mt">2003 through 2007</font>. Payments of most of the assessments to the CRA have been made to stop the accrual of interest. We have appealed the assessment for 2003 to the Tax Court of Canada and have filed a notice of objection for <font class="_mt">2004 through 2007</font>. The trial between McKesson Canada Corporation and the CRA, argued in the Tax Court of Canada, concluded in early February 2012, and we are waiting for the decision. We continue to believe in the merits of our tax positions and that we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results relating to these examinations in our financial statements. However, the final resolution of these issues could result in an increase or decrease to income tax expense.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">In November 2011, the IRS began its examination of <font class="_mt">2007 through 2009</font>. We anticipate the audit fieldwork will last more than two years. In nearly all jurisdictions, the tax years prior to 2003 are no longer subject to examination.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and evaluating income tax uncertainties. Although our major taxing jurisdictions are the U.S. and Canada, we are subject to income taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and uncertain tax liabilities reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties.</font></p></div></div><br /> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The reconciliation between our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations and statutory tax rate is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="45%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="41%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax provision at federal statutory rate</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">672</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">572</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">652</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">57</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign income taxed at various rates</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(176</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(105</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(144</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(18</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">53</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Tax credits</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(13</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(16</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(8</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax provision</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">516</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">505</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">601</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">At March 31, 2012, undistributed earnings of our foreign operations totaling $<font class="_mt">3.3</font> billion were considered to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized on the basis difference created by such earnings since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time. The determination of the amount of deferred taxes on these earnings is not practicable because the computation would depend on a number of factors that cannot be known until a decision to repatriate the earnings is made.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Deferred tax balances consisted of the following:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="64%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="30%" colspan="5"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="64%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Assets</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Receivable allowances</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">48</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Deferred revenue</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">107</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Compensation and benefit related accruals</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">447</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">409</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">AWP litigation accrual</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">175</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">97</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Loss and credit carryforwards</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">400</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">494</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">256</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">241</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Subtotal</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,436</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,396</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Less: valuation allowance</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(101</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(99</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total assets</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,335</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,297</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Liabilities</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Inventory valuation and other assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,635</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,450</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed assets and systems development costs</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(263</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(221</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intangibles</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(544</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(532</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(53</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(58</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total liabilities</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2,495</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2,261</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net deferred tax liability</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,160</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(964</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="97%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current net deferred tax liability</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,092</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,036</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term deferred tax asset</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">72</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term deferred tax liability</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(88</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net deferred tax liability</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,160</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(964</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /></div><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We have federal, state and foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $<font class="_mt">173</font> million, $<font class="_mt">2,456</font> million and $<font class="_mt">249</font> million. The federal and state net operating losses will expire at various dates from <font class="_mt">2013 through 2032</font>. Substantially all of our foreign net operating losses have indefinite lives. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided valuation allowances of $<font class="_mt">10</font> million and $<font class="_mt">66</font> million on the deferred tax assets relating to these state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. We also have federal and state capital loss carryforwards of $<font class="_mt">9</font> million and $<font class="_mt">28</font> million, which will expire at various dates from <font class="_mt">2013 through 2017</font>. We have provided valuation allowances of $<font class="_mt">1</font> million on the deferred tax assets relating to the state capital loss carryforwards. Recognition of a deferred tax asset for excess tax benefits due to stock option exercises that have not yet been realized through a reduction in income taxes payable is prohibited. Such unrecognized deferred tax benefits totaled $<font class="_mt">11</font> million as of March 31, 2012 and will be accounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity, if and when realized through a reduction in income taxes payable.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We also have federal and state income tax credit carryforwards of $<font class="_mt">131</font> million, which are primarily federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards that have an indefinite life. However, we believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state tax credits of $<font class="_mt">9</font> million may not be fully realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of $<font class="_mt">2</font> million. In addition, we have Canadian research and development credit carryforwards of $<font class="_mt">13</font> million, and we believe it is more likely than not that these credits will be realized. The Canadian research and development credits will expire at various&nbsp;<font class="_mt">dates from <font class="_mt"><font class="_mt">2029</font> to 2032</font></font>.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the last three years:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="42%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">635</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">619</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">526</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Additions based on tax positions related to prior years</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">32</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">50</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(72</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(60</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(12</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Additions based on tax positions related to current year</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">50</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">72</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Reductions based on settlements</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(6</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(16</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">limitations</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(15</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">595</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">619</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Of the total $<font class="_mt">595</font> million in unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2012, $<font class="_mt">387</font> million would reduce income tax expense and the effective tax rate if recognized. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that audit resolutions, the expiration of statutes of limitations and tax accounting method changes could potentially reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by up to $<font class="_mt">232</font> million. However, this amount may change because we continue to have ongoing negotiations with various taxing authorities throughout the year.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We report interest and penalties on tax deficiencies as income tax expense. At March 31, 2012, before any tax benefits, our accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits amounted to $<font class="_mt">140</font> million. We recognized an income tax expense of $<font class="_mt">7</font> million, before any tax effect, related to interest in our consolidated statements of operations during 2012. We have no material amounts accrued for penalties.</font></p></div></div> </div> 234000000 347000000 337000000 7000000 601000000 505000000 516000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Income Taxes</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are considered to be permanently reinvested.</font></p></div> </div> -144000000 -105000000 -176000000 652000000 572000000 672000000 23000000 7000000 -6000000 25000000 33000000 57000000 53000000 14000000 -18000000 8000000 16000000 13000000 1340000000 533000000 2027000000 88000000 33000000 15000000 27000000 42000000 66000000 782000000 -367000000 878000000 -21000000 144000000 1000000 133000000 673000000 770000000 -55000000 0 32000000 3000000 1000000 3000000 2000000 2000000 3000000 <div> <div class="MetaData"> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Intangible Assets: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Currently all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are generally amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">twenty</font> years. We review identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. There were no material impairments of intangible assets during 2012, 2011 or 2010.</font></p></div> </div> 1456000000 45000000 613000000 34000000 52000000 712000000 1750000000 154000000 527000000 54000000 45000000 970000000 187000000 222000000 251000000 <div> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="40%" colspan="7" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="48%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Interest income</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">19</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Equity in earnings (loss), net </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(6</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">6</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Gain on sale of investment </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">17</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment of an investment</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(6</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">21</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">36</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">43</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment.</font></font></p></div> </div> 50000000 188000000 244000000 228000000 1738000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We capitalize costs of software held for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortize those costs over the assets' estimated useful lives ranging from&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">ten</font> years. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for internal use was $<font class="_mt">445</font> million and $<font class="_mt">446</font> million, net of accumulated amortization of $<font class="_mt">902</font> million and $<font class="_mt">778</font> million, and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.</font></p></div> </div> 96000000 107000000 8000000 3000000 11000000 9225000000 10073000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Inventories</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We report inventories at the lower of cost or market ("LCM"). Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method and the cost of Canadian inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The LIFO method was used to value approximately <font class="_mt">88</font>% and <font class="_mt">87</font>% of our inventories at March 31, 2012 and 2011. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments, were $<font class="_mt">107</font> million and $<font class="_mt">96</font> million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recognized net LIFO expense of $<font class="_mt">11</font> million, $<font class="_mt">3</font> million and $<font class="_mt">8</font> million within our consolidated statements of operations, which related to our non-pharmaceutical products. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. </font> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We believe that the average cost or FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory (</font><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">i.e.</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">, "market"). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or market. Primarily due to continued net deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $<font class="_mt">76</font> million and $<font class="_mt">156</font> million higher than market as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, we recorded a LCM credit of $<font class="_mt">80</font> million in 2012 and a LCM charge of $<font class="_mt">44</font> million in 2011 within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market.</font></p></div> </div> 16000000 18000000 19000000 154000000 157000000 240000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">17. Lease Obligations</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We lease facilities and equipment almost solely under operating leases. At March 31, 2012, future minimum lease payments required under operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year for years ending March 31 are:</font></p> <div class="MetaData"> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="85%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Noncancelable</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Operating</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="85%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Leases</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2013</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">188</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2014</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">157</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2015</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">123</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2016</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">92</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2017</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Thereafter</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">233</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 2px;" width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total minimum lease payments </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">868</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $<font class="_mt">74</font> million due under future noncancelable subleases.</font></font></p></div></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Rental expense under operating leases was $<font class="_mt">240</font> million, $<font class="_mt">157</font> million and $<font class="_mt">154</font> million in 2012, 2011 and 2010. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, taking into account, when applicable, lessor incentives for tenant improvements, periods where no rent payment is required and escalations in rent payments over the term of the lease. Deferred rent is recognized for the difference between the rent expense recognized on a straight-line basis and the payments made per the terms of the lease. Remaining terms for facilities leases generally range from one to seven years, while remaining terms for equipment leases range from one to three years. Most real property leases contain renewal options (generally for five-year increments) and provisions requiring us to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. Sublease rental income was not material for 2012, 2011 and 2010.</font></p> </div> 30886000000 33093000000 18726000000 21686000000 0 0 0 400000000 400000000 0 September 2016 0 0 0 0 400000000 0 2000000000 1000000000 1350000000 1300000000 143000000 143000000 330000000 453000000 119000000 42000000 77000000 51000000 51000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9. Receivables, Net</font></b></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="59%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="36%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="59%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Customer accounts</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8,562</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7,982</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,537</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,341</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">10,099</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9,323</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Allowances</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(122</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(136</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 2px;" width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9,977</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 7px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9,187</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other receivables primarily include amounts due from suppliers and customer unbilled receivables. The allowances are primarily for estimated uncollectible accounts.</font></p> </div> 4004000000 499000000 499000000 598000000 44000000 349000000 399000000 175000000 493000000 350000000 598000000 3580000000 499000000 500000000 598000000 18000000 349000000 0 175000000 493000000 350000000 598000000 417000000 508000000 1619000000 508000000 500000000 600000000 2000000 351000000 3587000000 3072000000 <div> <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="font-size: 11pt; line-height: 115%; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0"> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="67%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="11%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="8%"> </td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 27%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="27%" colspan="6"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">March 31,</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td></tr> <tr><td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">(In millions)</font></i><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">2012</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">2011</font></b><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: center;" align="center">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">7.75</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">February 1, 2012</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">0</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 3.2pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">399</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">5.25</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2013</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">500</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">499</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">6.50</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">February 15, 2014</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">350</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">350</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3.25</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2016</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">5.70</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2017</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">499</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">499</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">7.50</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">February 15, 2019</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">349</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">349</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">4.75</font></font>% Notes dues&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2021</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">598</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">7.65</font></font>% Debentures due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2027</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">175</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">175</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">6.00</font></font>% Notes due&nbsp;<font class="_mt">March 1, 2041</font></font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">493</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">493</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Other</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">18</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">44</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 1.05pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Total debt</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3,580</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">4,004</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr> <tr><td style="padding-right: 0.75pt; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Less current portion</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">(508</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">)</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">(417</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">)</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td></tr> <tr><td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 67%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="67%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 1.05pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">Total long-term debt</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 11%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="11%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3,072</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; text-indent: 3.2pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">$</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 8%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; text-align: right;" align="right"><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';">3,587</font><font class="_mt" style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman','serif';"> </font></p></td> <td style="border-right: medium none; padding-right: 0.75pt; border-top: medium none; padding-left: 0.75pt; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; border-left: medium none; width: 2%; padding-top: 0.75pt; border-bottom: black 1pt solid;" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <p class="MsoNormal" style="font-size: 11pt; margin: 0in 0in 0pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">&nbsp;</p></td></tr></table> </div> 32000000 101000000 6000000 82000000 82000000 0 213000000 213000000 24000000 189000000 149000000 149000000 118000000 27000000 4000000 850 7 425 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Marketable Securities Available for Sale</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: We carry our marketable securities, which are available for sale, at fair value and they are included in prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. The net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders' equity. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, marketable securities were not material.</font>&nbsp;</p></div> </div> <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Nature of Operations</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: McKesson Corporation ("McKesson," the "Company," the "Registrant" or "we" and other similar pronouns) delivers pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and health care information technologies that make health care safer while reducing costs. We conduct our business through two operating segments, McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions, as further described in Financial Note 22, "Segments of Business."</font></p></div> </div> -421000000 -1841000000 -1905000000 -309000000 -624000000 -1502000000 2316000000 2338000000 2950000000 1263000000 1263000000 298000000 1202000000 1202000000 327000000 155000000 422000000 286000000 1403000000 1403000000 296000000 300000000 521000000 0 1891000000 1900000000 0 43000000 36000000 21000000 15000000 15000000 151000000 528000000 3668000000 4149000000 4418000000 2008000000 1821000000 2149000000 74000000 868000000 188000000 75000000 92000000 123000000 157000000 233000000 173000000 249000000 2456000000 2013 through 2032 2013 through 2032 66000000 10000000 10000000 4000000 0 0 6000000 1224000000 1038000000 995000000 1718000000 1665000000 2000000 2000000 2000000 -2000000 0 0 -32000000 18000000 -34000000 -53000000 -53000000 -21000000 -21000000 59000000 10000000 61000000 32000000 9000000 238000000 238000000 76000000 76000000 -56000000 -56000000 23000000 26000000 25000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5. Other Income, Net</font></b></p> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="40%" colspan="7" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="48%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Interest income</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">19</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Equity in earnings (loss), net </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(6</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">6</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Gain on sale of investment </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">17</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment of an investment</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(6</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="48%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">21</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">36</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">43</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment.</font></font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2011, other income, net included a credit of $<font class="_mt">16</font> million representing the reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense by the former shareholders of US Oncology, which is recorded in Corporate.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2010, we sold our <font class="_mt">50</font>% equity interest in McKesson Logistics Solutions LLC, a Canadian logistics company, for a pre-tax gain of $<font class="_mt">17</font> million or $<font class="_mt">14</font> million after-tax.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We evaluate our investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value.</font></p> </div> 1353000000 1504000000 20000000 -12000000 -66000000 4000000 8000000 -1000000 51000000 7000000 24000000 10000000 31000000 10000000 20000000 1341000000 1537000000 1000000 350000000 0 26000000 26000000 26000000 26000000 191000000 -31000000 53000000 -89000000 323000000 2050000000 1874000000 131000000 171000000 195000000 18000000 292000000 1156000000 199000000 233000000 225000000 4000000 13000000 209000000 247000000 0.87 0.88 0 0 0.01 0.01 100000000 100000000 0 0 0 0 0 0 333000000 404000000 1000000 1000000 109000000 109000000 0 0 0 0 212000000 367000000 167000000 0 1689000000 1673000000 0 40000000 54000000 27000000 5000000 1000000000 400000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">10. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net</font></b></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="60%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="30%" colspan="4" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="60%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Land</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">68</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">70</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Building, machinery, equipment and other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,107</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,973</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total property, plant and equipment</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,175</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,043</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Accumulated depreciation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,132</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,052</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 2px;" width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Property, plant and equipment, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,043</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">991</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> </div> 2043000000 1973000000 70000000 2175000000 2107000000 68000000 851000000 764000000 87000000 991000000 901000000 90000000 1043000000 952000000 91000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Property, Plant and Equipment: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We state our property, plant and equipment at cost and depreciate them under the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from&nbsp;<font class="_mt">one</font> to&nbsp;<font class="_mt">30</font> years.</font></p></div> </div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="60%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="30%" colspan="4" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="60%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Land</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">68</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">70</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Building, machinery, equipment and other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,107</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,973</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total property, plant and equipment</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,175</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,043</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Accumulated depreciation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,132</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,052</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 2px;" width="60%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Property, plant and equipment, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,043</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">991</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> 30 30 1 17000000 18000000 30000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">23. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)</font></b></p> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">First</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Second</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Third</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fourth</font></b> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="36%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(In millions, except per share amounts)</font></i> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fiscal 2012</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">29,980</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">30,216</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">30,839</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">31,699</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,509</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,647</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,566</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,845</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(2)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">286</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">296</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">300</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">521</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(2)(6)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.13</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.18</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.20</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2.09</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.15</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.20</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.22</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2.14</font> </td></tr> <tr><td width="93%" colspan="9">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fiscal 2011</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">27,450</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">27,534</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">28,247</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">28,853</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,392</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,366</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,461</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,751</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(3)(4)(5)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">298</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">327</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">155</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">422</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(3)(4)(5)(6)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.10</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.97</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.60</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.62</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(5)</font></sup> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 9px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.10</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.25</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.60</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.62</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(3)(4)(5)(6)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.12</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.99</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.61</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.65</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(5)</font></sup> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 9px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.12</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.27</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.61</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.65</font> </td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $<font class="_mt">118</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">77</font> million after-tax), $<font class="_mt">27</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">15</font> million after-tax) and $<font class="_mt">4</font> million pre-tax (benefit of $<font class="_mt">32</font> million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $<font class="_mt">24</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">16</font> million after-tax) and $<font class="_mt">189</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">133</font> million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(2)&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $<font class="_mt">42</font> million and $<font class="_mt">9</font> million.</font></font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(3) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(4) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $<font class="_mt">72</font> million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(5) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $<font class="_mt">95</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">72</font> million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(6) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments.</font></font></p></div> </div> 56.5 9187000000 9977000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Reclassifications</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.</font></p></div> </div> 11000000 11000000 10000000 0.071 0.047 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21. Related Party Balances and Transactions</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Notes receivable outstanding from certain of our current and former officers totaled $<font class="_mt">15</font> million at March 31, 2012 and 2011. These notes related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from <font class="_mt">4.7</font>% to <font class="_mt">7.1</font>% and were due at various dates through February 2004. Interest income on these notes is recognized only to the extent that cash is received. These notes, which are included in other capital in the consolidated balance sheets, were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are at full recourse to the borrower. At March 31, 2012, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $<font class="_mt">15</font> million. The collectability of these notes is evaluated on an ongoing basis. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, we provided a reserve of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">nil</font> and approximately $<font class="_mt">1</font> million for the outstanding notes.</font></p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We incurred $<font class="_mt">10</font> million in 2012 and $<font class="_mt">11</font> million in 2011 and 2010 of annual rental expense paid to an equity-held investment.</font></p> </div> 218000000 1730000000 430000000 6000000 1000000000 0 376000000 407000000 440000000 <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="56%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" colspan="3" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="56%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amounts capitalized</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">47</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">64</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amortization expense</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">53</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">67</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment charge</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Third-party royalty fees paid</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">95</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">63</font></td></tr></table> </div> 8250000000 9451000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenue Recognition</font></i>: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment are recognized when product is delivered and title passes to the customer or when services have been rendered and there are no further obligations to the customer.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances, rebates and other incentives. Our sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if they can be resold for value or returned to suppliers for full credit. Sales returns are accrued based on estimates at the time of sale to the customer. Sales returns from customers were approximately $<font class="_mt">1.6</font> billion in 2012, $<font class="_mt">1.4</font> billion in 2011 and $<font class="_mt">1.2</font> billion in 2010. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis; that is, they are excluded from revenues.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment include large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large customers who warehouse their own product. We order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers' warehouses. Sales to customers' warehouses amounted to $20.5 billion in 2012, $18.6 billion in 2011, and $21.4 billion in 2010. We also record revenues for direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Direct store deliveries are shipments from the manufacturer to our customers of a limited category of products that require special handling. We assume the primary liability to the manufacturer for these products.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues are recorded gross when we are the primary party obligated in the transaction, take title to and possession of the inventory, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices, assume the risk of loss for collection from customers as well as delivery or return of the product, are responsible for fulfillment and other customer service requirements, or the transactions have several but not all of these indicators.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Our Distribution Solutions segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain a combination of various products and services. Revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements based on estimates of fair value and recognized in accordance with the revenue recognition criteria applicable to each element. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until delivery of the last element has occurred and services have been performed or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. Effective April 1, 2011, revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements, based on the best estimate of selling prices if neither objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling prices exists for all new arrangements or materially modified existing arrangements.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are generated primarily by licensing software and software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows:</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion method based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Subscription, content and transaction processing fees are generally marketed under annual and multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the contracted terms beginning on the service start date for fixed fee arrangements and recognized as transactions are performed beginning on the service start date for per-transaction fee arrangements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We also offer certain products on an application service provider basis, making our software functionality available on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support, as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an application service provider basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract beginning on the service start date of products hosted.</font></p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value ("VSOE") exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Effective April 1, 2011, we adopted the revised revenue recognition guidance which removed from the scope of software revenue recognition guidance tangible products containing software component and non-software component that function together to deliver the product's essential functionality. This amended accounting guidance was applied prospectively for all arrangements entered into after April 1, 2011 or materially modified after that date. </font> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Our Technology Solutions segment also includes revenues from disease management programs provided to various states' Medicaid programs. These service contracts include provisions for achieving certain cost-savings and clinical targets. If the targets are not met for certain of these contracts, a portion, or all, of the revenue must be refunded to the customer. We recognize revenue during the term of the contract by assessing actual performance against contractual targets and then determining the amount the customer would be legally obligated to pay if the contract terminated as of the measurement date. These assessments include estimates of medical claims and other data in accordance with the contract methodology. Because complete data is unavailable until six to nine months after the measurement period, there is generally a significant time delay between recording the accrual and the final settlement of the contract. If data is insufficient to assess performance or we have not met the targets, we defer recognition of the revenue. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, we had deferred $<font class="_mt">3</font> million and $<font class="_mt">25</font> million related to these types of contracts, which was included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. We generally have been successful in achieving performance targets under these agreements.</font></p></div> </div> 63000000 72000000 95000000 1200000000 1400000000 1600000000 108702000000 99387000000 9072000000 72210000000 93645000000 2861000000 105578000000 21435000000 9315000000 114000000 3124000000 2439000000 571000000 27450000000 112084000000 102089000000 9784000000 77554000000 96185000000 2920000000 108889000000 18631000000 9995000000 122000000 3195000000 2483000000 590000000 27534000000 28247000000 28853000000 29980000000 122734000000 112230000000 10303000000 85523000000 105976000000 3145000000 119424000000 20453000000 10504000000 120000000 3310000000 2594000000 596000000 30216000000 30839000000 31699000000 <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="59%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="36%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="59%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Customer accounts</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8,562</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7,982</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,537</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,341</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">10,099</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9,323</font></td> <td width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Allowances</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(122</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(136</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 2px;" width="59%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9,977</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 7px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">9,187</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="4%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="67%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="67%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="28%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="67%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="67%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Projected benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">670</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">533</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="67%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Accumulated benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">667</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">529</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="67%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fair value of plan assets</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">410</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">319</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="72%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="23%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="72%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(178</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(157</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Translation adjustments</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">188</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">244</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 7px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">87</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="46%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="39%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 1</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 2</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 3</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Common stock</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">100</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">100</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">134</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">134</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Government securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate bonds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">48</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">48</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Mortgage-backed securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Asset-backed securities and other</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real estate funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other commingled funds</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">285</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">17</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Receivables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Payables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="39%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">410</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. </font></font> </font></p> <div> <p> </p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="38%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="51%" colspan="9"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31, 2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 1</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 2</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Level 3</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">45</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Common and preferred stock</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">104</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">105</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Equity commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">144</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">144</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income securities:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Government securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate bonds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Mortgage-backed securities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Asset-backed securities and other</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed income commingled funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Real estate funds</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hedge funds</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 3px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">118</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">303</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">431</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Receivables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="38%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Payables </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(34</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="38%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">416</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011</font></font>.</font></font></p></div></div> <p> </p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="44%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="49%" colspan="9"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="44%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">59</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prior service credit</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amortization of:</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net actuarial loss</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(25</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(26</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(23</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prior service cost</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="44%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">comprehensive loss (income)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(18</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">32</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="51%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net periodic pension expense</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Discount rates</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4.98</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5.30</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.68</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Rate of increase in compensation</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.74</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.75</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.62</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.60</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.79</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7.90</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Benefit obligation</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Discount rates</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4.23</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4.99</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5.33</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="51%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Rate of increase in compensation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.56</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.74</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3.75</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="64%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="32%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="64%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Benefit obligation at beginning of period</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">152</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">154</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Service cost</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Interest cost</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Actuarial loss (gain)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(4</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Benefit payments</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(13</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(13</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 5px;" width="64%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Benefit obligation at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">144</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">152</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="36%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="48%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">RSUs </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">97</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">79</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">47</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">PeRSUs </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">24</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">39</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Stock options</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Employee stock purchase plan</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Share-based compensation expense</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">154</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">137</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(3)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(55</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(48</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(41</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="48%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Share-based compensation expense, net of tax</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">99</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">89</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">73</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years' performance period.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(2) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year's performance period.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(3) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible.</font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="46%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> <p>&nbsp;</p></td> <td width="15%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="17%" colspan="2"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="46%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="15%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Federal</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">271</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">283</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">255</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">State and local</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">52</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total current</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">351</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">377</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">324</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="93%" colspan="8">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Deferred</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="15%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Federal</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">129</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">121</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">269</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">State and local</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">29</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">13</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total deferred</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">165</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">128</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">277</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="46%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax provision</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">516</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">505</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">601</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="64%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="30%" colspan="5"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="64%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Assets</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Receivable allowances</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">48</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Deferred revenue</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">107</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Compensation and benefit related accruals</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">447</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">409</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">AWP litigation accrual</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">175</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">97</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Loss and credit carryforwards</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">400</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">494</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">256</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">241</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Subtotal</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,436</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,396</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Less: valuation allowance</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(101</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(99</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total assets</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,335</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,297</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Liabilities</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Inventory valuation and other assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,635</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,450</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Fixed assets and systems development costs</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(263</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(221</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intangibles</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(544</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(532</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(53</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(58</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total liabilities</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2,495</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2,261</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net deferred tax liability</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,160</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(964</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="97%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current net deferred tax liability</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,092</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,036</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term deferred tax asset</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">72</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term deferred tax liability</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(88</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="64%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net deferred tax liability</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,160</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(964</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="32%" colspan="5" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="55%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions, except per share amounts)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Income from continuing operations</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,403</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,130</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,263</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,403</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double; text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,202</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,263</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="90%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted average common shares outstanding:</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">246</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">258</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">269</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Effect of dilutive securities:</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Options to purchase common stock</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted stock units</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">251</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">263</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">273</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="90%" colspan="7">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share: </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.70</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.37</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.70</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 10px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.70</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double; text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.65</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.70</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.59</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.29</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.62</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 10px;" width="55%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5.59</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 4px;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.57</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4.62</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments.</font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="45%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="41%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax provision at federal statutory rate</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">672</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">572</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">652</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">57</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign income taxed at various rates</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(176</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(105</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(144</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(18</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">14</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">53</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Tax credits</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(13</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(16</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(8</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other, net</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income tax provision</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">516</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">505</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">601</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="17%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="41%" colspan="8" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="29%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">March 31, 2011</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Weighted</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Average</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Remaining</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amortization</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Gross</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Net</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Gross</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Net</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Period</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td> <td width="10%" colspan="2" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Accumulated</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Accumulated</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Carrying</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="17%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(Dollars in millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(Years)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" colspan="2" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amortization</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amortization</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Amount</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Customer lists</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,081</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(554</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">527</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,057</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 1px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(444</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">613</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Service agreements</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,022</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(52</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">970</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">723</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(11</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">712</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Trademarks and trade names</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">192</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(38</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">154</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">76</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(31</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">45</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Technology</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">4</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">244</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(190</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">54</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">204</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(170</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">34</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Other</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">76</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(31</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">45</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">76</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(24</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">52</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="17%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">2,615</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(865</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,750</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">2,136</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 1px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(680</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">1,456</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div class="MetaData"> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="85%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Noncancelable</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Operating</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="85%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Leases</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2013</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">188</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2014</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">157</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2015</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">123</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2016</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">92</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2017</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Thereafter</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">233</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 2px;" width="85%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total minimum lease payments </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">868</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $<font class="_mt">74</font> million due under future noncancelable subleases.</font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="40%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Distribution</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Technology</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="40%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Solutions</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Solutions</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance, March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,871</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,697</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3,568</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill acquired</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">819</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">827</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Acquisition accounting and other adjustments</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(32</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(13</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(45</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign currency translation adjustments</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">10</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">14</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance, March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,662</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,702</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">4,364</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Goodwill acquired</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">511</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">151</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">662</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Acquisition accounting and other adjustments</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="40%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Foreign currency translation adjustments</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(11</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(14</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="40%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance, March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3,190</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,842</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5,032</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="53%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="53%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="41%" colspan="5"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="53%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income from continuing operations before income taxes</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">U.S.</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,316</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,161</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,340</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Foreign</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">603</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">474</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">524</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total income from continuing operations before</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 7px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="53%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">income taxes</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,919</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 3px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,864</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="39%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Service cost&#8212;benefits earned during the year</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Interest cost on projected benefit obligation</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">35</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected return on assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(31</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(29</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(24</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">service costs and net transitional obligation</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net periodic pension expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">34</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">36</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="15%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Recognized as of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Acquisition Date</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="76%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="15%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Provisional)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current assets, net of cash acquired</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Goodwill</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">506</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intangible assets</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">441</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other long-term assets</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">15</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current liabilities</font></td> <td align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(37</font></td> <td align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-term deferred tax liabilities</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="4%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(39</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="76%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="4%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="15%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">919</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="4%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="18%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="17%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="16%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Previously</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Recognized as of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Recognized as of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Measurement</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Acquisition Date</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Acquisition Date</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="17%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Period</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Final as</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="36%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="18%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Provisional) </font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="17%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Adjustments</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="16%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Adjusted)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current assets, net of cash acquired</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">662</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(13</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">649</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Goodwill</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">808</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">828</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intangible assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,007</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(14</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">993</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other long-term assets</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">354</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">348</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current liabilities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(489</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(490</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Current portion of long-term debt</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,735</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1,735</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other long-term liabilities</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(338</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">16</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(322</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other stockholders' equity</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(25</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(27</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="36%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents </font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> $</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="18%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">244</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="17%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="16%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">244</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011.</font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <div> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">First</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Second</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Third</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fourth</font></b> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="36%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(In millions, except per share amounts)</font></i> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Quarter</font></b> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fiscal 2012</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">29,980</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">30,216</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">30,839</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">31,699</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,509</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,647</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,566</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,845</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(2)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">286</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">296</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">300</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">521</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(2)(6)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.13</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.18</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.20</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2.09</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.15</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.20</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.22</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2.14</font> </td></tr> <tr><td width="93%" colspan="9">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Fiscal 2011</font></b> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Revenues</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">27,450</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">27,534</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">28,247</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">28,853</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,392</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,366</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,461</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,751</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(3)(4)(5)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">298</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">327</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">155</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">422</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(3)(4)(5)(6)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.10</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.97</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.60</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.62</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(5)</font></sup> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 9px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.10</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.25</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.60</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.62</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Earnings per common share </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)(3)(4)(5)(6)</font></sup> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="13%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp; </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Continuing operations</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.12</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.99</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.61</font> </td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.65</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Discontinued operation </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(5)</font></sup> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.28</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp; </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 9px;" width="36%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.12</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.27</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0.61</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1.65</font> </td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $<font class="_mt">118</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">77</font> million after-tax), $<font class="_mt">27</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">15</font> million after-tax) and $<font class="_mt">4</font> million pre-tax (benefit of $<font class="_mt">32</font> million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $<font class="_mt">24</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">16</font> million after-tax) and $<font class="_mt">189</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">133</font> million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(2)&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $<font class="_mt">42</font> million and $<font class="_mt">9</font> million.</font></font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(3) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(4) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $<font class="_mt">72</font> million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(5) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $<font class="_mt">95</font> million pre-tax ($<font class="_mt">72</font> million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(6) </font><font class="_mt"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments.</font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="47%" colspan="5"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">United States</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">112,230</font></td> <td align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">102,089</font></td> <td align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">99,387</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">International</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10,504</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,995</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,315</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">122,734</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">112,084</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108,702</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Property, plant and equipment, net, at year end</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">United States</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">952</font></td> <td align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">901</font></td> <td align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">764</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">International</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">91</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">90</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">87</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,043</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">991</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">851</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="38%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Direct distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">85,523</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">77,554</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">72,210</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Sales to customers' warehouses</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20,453</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">18,631</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21,435</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total U.S. pharmaceutical distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">105,976</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">96,185</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">93,645</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Canada pharmaceutical distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10,303</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,784</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,072</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Medical-Surgical distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,145</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,920</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,861</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">119,424</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108,889</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">105,578</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Services</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,594</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,483</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,439</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Software &amp; software systems</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">596</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">590</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">571</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hardware</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">120</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">122</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total Technology Solutions</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,310</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,195</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,124</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">122,734</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">112,084</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108,702</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating profit</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2)</font></sup></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,219</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,897</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,988</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(3)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">364</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">301</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">385</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,583</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,198</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,373</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(413</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(341</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(342</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Litigation credit, net</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Interest expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(251</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(222</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(187</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income from continuing operations before income taxes</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,919</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,864</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Depreciation and amortization</font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(4) </font></sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(5)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">225</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">167</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">154</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">209</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">209</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">212</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">117</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">120</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">111</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">551</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">496</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">477</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expenditures for long-lived assets </font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5) </font></sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(6)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">175</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">158</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">90</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">78</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">225</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">233</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">199</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Segment assets, at year end </font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25,374</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22,732</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19,599</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,575</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,504</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28,949</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26,236</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23,234</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,149</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,612</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,731</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">995</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,038</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,224</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33,093</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">30,886</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28,189</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(2)&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $<font class="_mt">149</font> million and $<font class="_mt">213</font> million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales.</font></font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(3) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $<font class="_mt">72</font> million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(4) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(5) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(6) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment.</font></font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="65%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Grant Date Fair</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="65%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions, except per share data)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Shares</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Value Per Share</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2009</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54.70</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40.94</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">50.42</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49.21</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">67.84</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61.05</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">57.79</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">82.71</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="65%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">57.95</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="65%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Nonvested, March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">65.14</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="56%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="42%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="56%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(Dollars in millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total fair value of shares vested</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">44</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">43</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">74</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized,</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">pre-tax</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">143</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">131</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="56%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">is expected to be recognized</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td></tr></table> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="2%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="11%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%" colspan="2"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options Outstanding</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 6px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="25%" colspan="3"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options Exercisable</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Number of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Number of</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Options</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Remaining</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercisable</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="31%" colspan="4"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Range of Exercise</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">At Year End</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Contractual</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercise</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">at Year End</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercise</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%" colspan="2"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Prices</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Life (Years)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Price</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Price</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27.35</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41.02</font></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">38.09</font></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="center" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">36.52</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41.03</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54.70</font></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">45.99</font></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">46.36</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">54.71</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">68.37</font></td> <td align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">63.01</font></td> <td align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">61.20</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">68.38</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">-</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="left" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">84.41</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="center" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">6</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">83.04</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">74.57</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <div class="MetaData"> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="42%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Weighted-</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Remaining</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Aggregate</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Average Exercise</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Contractual</font></b></td> <td align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Intrinsic</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="42%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions, except per share data and years)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Shares</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Price</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Term (Years)</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Value</font></b> <sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></sup><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></sup></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2009</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">39.28</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">40.59</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercised</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33.34</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">16</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">41.26</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">394</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">67.95</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercised</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(8</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37.63</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49.01</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">269</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Granted</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">83.30</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Exercised</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">42.20</font></td> <td align="left" width="13%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="14%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Outstanding, March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">8</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">56.88</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">226</font></td></tr> <tr><td width="101%" colspan="8">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested and expected to vest </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">7</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">56.71</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">225</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="42%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Vested and exercisable, March 31, 2012</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49.86</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">142</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(2) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of "in-the-money" options.</font></font></font></p></div> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="49%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="14%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="48%" colspan="6"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="13%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="14%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected stock price volatility</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">27</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">29</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected dividend yield</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1.0</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1.1</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0.7</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></td> <td align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">%</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="49%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expected life (in years)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="13%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="14%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> <div> <p style="text-align: center;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: center;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 (In millions)</font></b></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="27%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="25%" colspan="3" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Additions</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Deductions</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance at</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Charged to</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Charged to</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">From</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance at</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Beginning of</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Costs and</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Allowance</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">End of</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 11px;" width="27%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Description</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Year</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Expenses</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Accounts </font></b><b><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(3)</font></sup></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Accounts </font></b><b><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="center"><b><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Year</font></b>(2</font></sup></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center"><b><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></sup></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Year Ended March 31, 2012</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Allowances for doubtful</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">accounts</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">124</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">30</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(43</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">111</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other allowances</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(7</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">14</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="98%" colspan="14">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">140</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">35</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(50</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">125</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Year Ended March 31, 2011</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Allowances for doubtful</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">accounts</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">131</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">18</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(30</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">124</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other allowances</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">24</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(2</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">16</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">155</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">18</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">3</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(36</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">140</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td width="98%" colspan="14">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Year Ended March 31, 2010</font></b></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Allowances for doubtful</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="12%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="9%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">accounts</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">152</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">17</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">7</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(45</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">131</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Other allowances</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">12</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">10</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(4</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">24</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="27%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">164</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">23</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">17</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="12%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(49</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="9%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">155</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="41%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="41%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="41%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Deductions:</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="11%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="41%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Written off</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(44</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(36</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(49</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="41%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Credited to other accounts</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="right">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(6</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="41%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(50</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(36</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(49</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr></table> <p> </p> <div class="MetaData"> <table style="width: 600px; cursor: hand;" border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="2%" align="left"><font class="_mt" size="2">(2</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font class="_mt" size="2">)</font>&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 2px;" width="41%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amounts shown as deductions from current and non - current receivables</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">125</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="11%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">140</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">155</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div></div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(3) <font class="_mt">Primarily represents reclassifications from other balance sheet accounts.</font></font></p> </div> <div> <div><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22. Segments of Business</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">We report our operations in&nbsp;<font class="_mt">two</font> operating segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. The factors for determining the reportable segments included the manner in which management evaluates the performance of the Company combined with the nature of the individual business activities. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The Distribution Solutions segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and equipment and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also provides specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, sells financial, operational and clinical solutions for pharmacies (retail, hospital, alternate site) and provides consulting, outsourcing and other services. This segment includes a <font class="_mt">49</font>% interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. ("Nadro"), one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Mexico.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The Technology Solutions segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions, pharmacy automation for hospitals, as well as connectivity, outsourcing and other services, including remote hosting and managed services, to healthcare organizations. This segment also includes our Payer group of businesses, which includes our InterQual&#174; clinical criteria solution, medical management tools, claims payment solutions, network performance tools and care management programs. The segment's customers include hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail pharmacies and payers from North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries and Israel.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are classified in one of three categories: services, software and software systems and hardware. Services revenues primarily include fees associated with installing our software and software systems, as well as revenues associated with software maintenance and support, remote processing, disease and medical management, and other outsourcing and professional services. Software and software systems revenues primarily include revenues from licensing our software and software systems, including the segment's clinical auditing and compliance and InterQual&#174; businesses.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate includes expenses associated with Corporate functions and projects and the results of certain equity-held investments. Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments to the extent that these items can be directly attributable to the segment.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Effective April 1, 2011, we centralized certain information technology functions from our operating segments to Corporate. Corporate now manages, provides and charges these services to our operating segments. As a result of this centralization, certain assets were transferred from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. Segment depreciation and amortization, expenditures for long-lived assets and assets have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the change in the composition of our operating segments. There was no material change in segment revenue or operating profit as a result of this change.</font><br /></p> <p style="text-align: left;"> </p><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"> </font> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Financial information relating to our reportable operating segments and reconciliations to the consolidated totals is as follows:</font></p> <div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td> </td> <td> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="38%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="11%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="8%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Direct distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">85,523</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">77,554</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">72,210</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Sales to customers' warehouses</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20,453</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">18,631</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">21,435</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total U.S. pharmaceutical distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">105,976</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">96,185</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">93,645</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Canada pharmaceutical distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10,303</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,784</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,072</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Medical-Surgical distribution &amp; services</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,145</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,920</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,861</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">119,424</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108,889</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">105,578</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Services</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,594</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,483</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,439</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Software &amp; software systems</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">596</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">590</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">571</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Hardware</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">120</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">122</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">114</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total Technology Solutions</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,310</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,195</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,124</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">122,734</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">112,084</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108,702</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating profit</font></b></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(2)</font></sup></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,219</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,897</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,988</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions </font><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(3)</font></sup></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">364</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">301</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">385</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,583</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,198</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2,373</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(413</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(341</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(342</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Litigation credit, net</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">20</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Interest expense</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(251</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(222</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(187</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Income from continuing operations before income taxes</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,919</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,864</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Depreciation and amortization</font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(4) </font></sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(5)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">225</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">167</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">154</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">209</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">209</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">212</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">117</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">120</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">111</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">551</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">496</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">477</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Expenditures for long-lived assets </font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5) </font></sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(6)</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">175</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">158</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">90</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">31</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">49</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">78</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">225</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">233</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">199</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Segment assets, at year end </font></b><sup><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(5)</font></sup></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Distribution Solutions</font></td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">25,374</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">22,732</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">19,599</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Technology Solutions</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,575</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,504</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28,949</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">26,236</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">23,234</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Corporate</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="11%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="8%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Cash and cash equivalents</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,149</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,612</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">3,731</font></td> <td align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Other</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">995</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,038</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,224</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 5px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="45%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">33,093</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="11%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">30,886</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="2%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="8%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">28,189</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="2%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(1) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(2)&nbsp;</font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $<font class="_mt">149</font> million and $<font class="_mt">213</font> million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales.</font></font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(3) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $<font class="_mt">51</font> million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $<font class="_mt">72</font> million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales.</font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(4) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(5) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011.</font></font></font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(6) </font><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment.</font></font></font></p></div> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues and property, plant and equipment by geographic areas were as follows:</font></p> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="12%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="9%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="47%" colspan="5"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="1">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="12%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 1px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="9%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Revenues</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">United States</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">112,230</font></td> <td align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">102,089</font></td> <td align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">99,387</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">International</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">10,504</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,995</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">9,315</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">122,734</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">112,084</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 3px double;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">108,702</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Property, plant and equipment, net, at year end</font></b></td> <td align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="12%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="9%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">United States</font></td> <td align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">952</font></td> <td align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">901</font></td> <td align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">764</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">International</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">91</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">90</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">87</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">1,043</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="12%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">991</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="7%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="9%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">851</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">International operations primarily consist of our operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel. We also have an equity-held investment (Nadro) in Mexico. Net revenues were attributed to geographic areas based on the customers' shipment locations.</font></p></div></div></div></div></div> </div> 746000000 767000000 764000000 114000000 137000000 154000000 0.15 0.85 2000000 3000000 2000000 40.94 67.84 82.71 3000000 4000000 6000000 7000000 54.70 49.21 57.79 65.14 1000000 1000000 1000000 74000000 43000000 44000000 50.42 61.05 57.95 0.007 0.011 0.010 5 5 5 7 0.33 0.29 0.27 0.02 0.03 0.02 1000000 42500000 16000000 9300000 2000000 4000000 49.86 115000000 276000000 108000000 33.34 37.63 42.20 2000000 1000000 1000000 40.59 67.95 83.30 12.56 18.37 20.32 33000000 394000000 269000000 226000000 19000000 16000000 9000000 8000000 39.28 41.26 49.01 56.88 3 3 4 4 142000000 3 225000000 7000000 128000 56.71 4 1000000 1000000 1000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Share-Based Compensation: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We account for all share-based compensation transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees.</font></p></div> </div> 74.57 36.52 61.20 46.36 68.38 27.35 54.71 41.03 4000000 0 1000000 2000000 1000000 8000000 1000000 3000000 3000000 1000000 83.04 38.09 63.01 45.99 6 3 4 1 84.41 41.02 68.37 54.70 351000000 -80000000 359000000 -88000000 369000000 -117000000 373000000 -138000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Shipping and Handling Costs: </font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">We include all costs to warehouse, pick, pack and deliver inventory to our customers in distribution expenses.</font></p></div> </div> 0.0176 232000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Capitalized Software Held for Sale</font></i>: <font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Development costs for software held for sale, which primarily pertain to our Technology Solutions segment, are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately&nbsp;<font class="_mt">three</font> years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for sale was $<font class="_mt">144</font> million and $<font class="_mt">152</font> million, net of accumulated amortization and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Additional information regarding our capitalized software held for sale is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="56%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" colspan="3" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="56%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amounts capitalized</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">47</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">64</font></td> <td width="2%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Amortization expense</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">53</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">75</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">67</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Impairment charge</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="56%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Third-party royalty fees paid</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">95</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="10%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">63</font></td></tr></table></div></div> </div> 6193000000 -179000000 4417000000 4000000 -8000000 6103000000 -4144000000 7532000000 6000000 4756000000 4000000 -12000000 7236000000 -4458000000 7220000000 87000000 5339000000 4000000 10000000 8250000000 -6470000000 6831000000 5000000 5571000000 4000000 4000000 9451000000 -8204000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20. Stockholders' Equity</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Each share of the Company's outstanding common stock is permitted one vote on proposals presented to stockholders and is entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board").</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In April 2011, the quarterly dividend was raised from $<font class="_mt">0.18</font> to $<font class="_mt">0.20</font> per common share for dividends declared after such date, until further action by the Board. Dividends were $<font class="_mt">0.80</font> per share in 2012, $<font class="_mt">0.72</font> per share in 2011 and $<font class="_mt">0.48</font> per share in 2010. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company's future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Share Repurchases</font></i></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock repurchases may be made from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations and other market and economic conditions.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">The Board authorized the repurchase of the Company's common stock as follows: $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion in April 2010, $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion in October 2010, $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion in April 2011 and $<font class="_mt">650</font> million in January 2012.</font></p> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total share repurchases transacted through ASR programs and open market transactions over the last three years were as follows:</font></p> <div class="MetaData"> <div class="MetaData"> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"> </td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="46%" colspan="5" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="45%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions, except per share data)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2010</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Number of shares repurchased </font><sup><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></sup></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="14%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">20</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">29</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">8</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Average price paid per share</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="14%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">83.47</font></td> <td width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">69.62</font></td> <td width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">41.47</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="45%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total value of shares repurchased</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="14%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">1,850</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2,032</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="3%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="13%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">299</font></td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="1">(1) </font> </p> <div class="MetaData"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. </font></div></div></div> <div class="MetaData">&nbsp;</div> <div class="MetaData"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2"> </font> <p> </p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In 2012 and 2011, the majority of our share repurchases were transacted through a number of ASR programs with third party financial institutions as follows: $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion in May 2010, $<font class="_mt">275</font> million in March 2011, $<font class="_mt">650</font> million in May 2011 and $<font class="_mt">1.2</font> billion in March 2012. In 2010, all of our share repurchases were conducted through open market transactions. All programs were funded with cash on hand.</font></p></div> <p> </p></div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In March 2012, we entered into an ASR program with a third party financial institution to repurchase $<font class="_mt">1.2</font> billion of the Company's common stock. As of March 31, 2012, we had received&nbsp;<font class="_mt">12</font> million shares representing the minimum number of shares due under this program, and the average price paid per share of $<font class="_mt">87.19</font> was based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock less a discount calculated as of March 31, 2012. The total number of shares to be ultimately repurchased by us and the final settlement price per share will be determined at the completion of this program based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock during the program, less a discount. This program is anticipated to be completed no later than the second quarter of 2013.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">In April 2012, the Board authorized the repurchase of an additional $<font class="_mt">700</font> million of the Company's common stock, bringing the total authorization outstanding to $<font class="_mt">1.0</font> billion.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income</font></i></p> <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Information regarding our accumulated other comprehensive income is as follows:</font></p> <div> <table border="0" cellspacing="0"> <tr><td width="72%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="8%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td> <td width="7%"> </td> <td width="2%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="23%" colspan="6" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">March 31,</font></b></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="72%" align="left"><i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="center"><b><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="center">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(178</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="text-indent: 7px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(157</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Translation adjustments</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">188</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">244</font></td> <td width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">(5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="72%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Total</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="8%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">5</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; text-indent: 7px;" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="7%" align="right"><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">87</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" width="2%" align="left">&nbsp;</td></tr></table></div> <p style="margin: 0px;">&nbsp;</p></div> </div> -2000000 4000000 4000000 -1000000 -9000000 -27000000 -5000000 -22000000 6000000 5000000 -5000000 6000000 8000000 -1000000 10000000 4000000 -1000000 5000000 8000000 2000000 194000000 218000000 -24000000 353000000 370000000 -17000000 143000000 167000000 -24000000 7000000 29000000 20000000 299000000 299000000 2032000000 37000000 1995000000 1850000000 140000000 1710000000 1000000000 1000000000 1000000000 275000000 1000000000 650000000 650000000 1200000000 700000000 1000000000 <div> <p style="text-align: left;"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">24. Subsequent Event</font></b></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">In April 2012, we purchased the remaining <font class="_mt">50</font>% interest in our corporate headquarters building located in San Francisco, California, for total cash of $<font class="_mt">90</font> million. The cash paid was funded from cash on hand. We previously held a <font class="_mt">50</font>% ownership interest and are the primary tenant in this building. As a result, this transaction will be accounted for as a step acquisition, which requires that we re-measure our previously held 50% interest to fair value and record the difference between the fair value and carrying value as a gain in the consolidated statements of operations.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The total fair value of the net assets acquired was $<font class="_mt">180</font> million, which was preliminarily allocated as follows: buildings and improvements of $<font class="_mt">113</font> million and land of $<font class="_mt">58</font> million with the remainder allocated to settlement of our pre-existing lease and lease intangible assets. The fair value of the buildings and improvements was determined based on current market replacement costs less depreciation and unamortized tenant improvement costs, as well as, other relevant market information, and has a weighted average useful life of&nbsp;<font class="_mt">30</font> years. The fair value of the land was determined using comparable sales of land within the surrounding market.</font></p> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">The re-measurement to fair value is anticipated to result in a pre-tax gain of approximately $<font class="_mt">75</font> million ($<font class="_mt">46</font> million after-tax). The pre-tax gain will be recorded within Corporate in the consolidated statements of operations during the quarter ending June 30, 2012.</font></p> <div>&nbsp;</div><br /> </div> <div> <table cellspacing="0" border="0"> <tr><td width="47%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td> <td width="10%"> </td> <td width="3%"> </td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="42%" colspan="7"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Years Ended March 31,</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><i><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(In millions)</font></i></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2012</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2011</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="center" width="10%"><b><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">2010</font></b></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">635</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">619</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">526</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Additions based on tax positions related to prior years</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">11</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">32</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">50</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(72</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(60</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(12</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Additions based on tax positions related to current year</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">37</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">50</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">72</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Reductions based on settlements</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(6</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(16</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of</font></td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="10%">&nbsp;</td> <td align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">limitations</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(15</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">0</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">(1</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr valign="bottom"><td style="text-indent: 2px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="47%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">595</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="text-indent: 4px; border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">635</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">$</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="right" width="10%"><font class="_mt" style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" size="2">619</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" align="left" width="3%">&nbsp;</td></tr></table> </div> 131000000 13000000 9000000 2000000 15000000 41.47 69.62 83.47 117000000 138000000 8000000 29000000 20000000 12000000 6470000000 8204000000 299000000 2032000000 1850000000 526000000 619000000 635000000 595000000 12000000 60000000 72000000 16000000 6000000 1000000 72000000 50000000 37000000 50000000 32000000 11000000 140000000 1000000 0 15000000 387000000 <div> <div> <p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">Use of Estimates</font></i><font style="font-family: TimesNewRomanPSMT,Times New Roman,Times,serif;" class="_mt" size="2">: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated amounts.</font></p></div> </div> 15000000 164000000 12000000 152000000 155000000 155000000 24000000 131000000 140000000 140000000 16000000 124000000 125000000 125000000 14000000 111000000 23000000 6000000 17000000 18000000 0 18000000 35000000 5000000 30000000 17000000 10000000 7000000 3000000 -2000000 5000000 0 0 0 49000000 49000000 4000000 0 49000000 45000000 36000000 36000000 6000000 0 36000000 30000000 50000000 50000000 7000000 6000000 44000000 43000000 1200000000 1100000000 273000000 263000000 251000000 269000000 258000000 246000000 As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011. Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $149 million and $213 million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $51 million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales. Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year's performance period. This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years' performance period. The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011. Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment. Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $118 million pre-tax ($77 million after-tax), $27 million pre-tax ($15 million after-tax) and $4 million pre-tax (benefit of $32 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $24 million pre-tax ($16 million after-tax) and $189 million pre-tax ($133 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales. Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $95 million pre-tax ($72 million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP. Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $42 million and $9 million. Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible. Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $74 million due under future noncancelable subleases. Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of "in-the-money" options. The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. Amounts shown as deductions from current and non - current receivables $ 125 $ 140 $ 155 Primarily represents reclassifications from other balance sheet accounts. Deductions: Written off $ (44 ) $ (36 ) $ (49 ) Credited to other accounts (6 ) 0 0 Total $ (50 ) $ (36 ) $ (49 )
00100 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Operations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00200 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00400 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40202 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40302 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Components Of Share-Based Compensation Expense And Related Tax Benefits) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40502 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Other Income, Net) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40506 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components Of Deferred Tax Balances) (Alternative Calculation) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40602 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Income Before Income Taxes From Continuing Operations) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40603 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components Of Provision For Income Taxes Related To Continuing Operations) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40604 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Reconciliation Between Effective Tax Rate On Income From Continuing Operations And Statutory Tax Rate) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40605 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components Of Deferred Tax Balances) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40901 - Disclosure - Receivable, Net (Schedule Of Accounts Receivable) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41001 - Disclosure - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Schedule Of Property, Plant And Equipment, Net) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41103 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Information Regarding Intangible Assets) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41206 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Schedule Of Long-Term Debt) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41402 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense For Pension Plans) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41403 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations And Plan Assets) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41405 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41406 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41702 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations (Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42003 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00090 - Document - Document And Entity Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00205 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00300 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00305 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10101 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10201 - Disclosure - Business Combinations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10301 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10401 - Disclosure - Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10501 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10601 - Disclosure - Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10701 - Disclosure - Discontinued Operation link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10801 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Common Share link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10901 - Disclosure - Receivables, Net link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11001 - Disclosure - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11101 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11201 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11301 - Disclosure - Variable Interest Entities link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11401 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11501 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11601 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11701 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11801 - Disclosure - Financial Guarantees And Warranties link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11901 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 12001 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 12101 - Disclosure - Related Party Balances And Transactions link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 12201 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 12301 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 12401 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 12501 - Disclosure - Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 20102 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30103 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30203 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30303 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30503 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30603 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30803 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Common Share (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 30903 - Disclosure - Receivables, Net (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31003 - Disclosure - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31103 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31203 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31403 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31503 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31703 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 31903 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 32003 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 32203 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 32303 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Information (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40101 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40102 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Additional Information Regarding Capitalized Software Expenditures) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40201 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40203 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Summary Of Fair Values Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40301 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40303 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate The Fair Value Of Employee Stock Options) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40304 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Summary Of Options Outstanding) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40305 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Stock Option Activity) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40306 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To Stock Option Activity) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40307 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (RSU Activity) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40308 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To RSU Activity) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40401 - Disclosure - Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40501 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40601 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40606 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40701 - Disclosure - Discontinued Operation (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 40801 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Common Share (Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Common Share) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41101 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41102 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Changes In The Carrying Amount Of Goodwill) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41201 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41202 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (US Oncology Debt Acquired) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41203 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Long-Term Debt) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41204 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Accounts Receivable Sales Facility And Revolving Credit Facility) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41205 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Debt Covenants) (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41301 - Disclosure - Variable Interest Entities (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41401 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41404 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Projected Benefit Obligation, Accumulated Benefit Obligation And Fair Value Of Plan Assets For Pension Plans) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41407 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate Net Periodic Pension Expense And Actuarial Present Value Of Benefit Obligations) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41408 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted-Average Discount Rate For U.S. Pension Plans) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41409 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Summary Of Pension Plan Assets Using Fair Value Hierarchy By Asset Class) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41410 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Level 3 Plan Assets Held) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41411 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan (PSIP) Expense By Segment) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41501 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41502 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense (Income) For Postretirement Welfare Benefits) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41503 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations For Postretirement Welfare Plans) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41601 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41701 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41801 - Disclosure - Financial Guarantees And Warranties (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41901 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 41902 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Litigation Reserve And Expense) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42001 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42002 - Disclosure - Stockholder's Equity (Shares Repurchased Over Last Three Years) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42101 - Disclosure - Related Party Balances And Transactions (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42201 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Narrative) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42202 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Reportable Operating Segments) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42203 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Geographic Segments Assets) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42301 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Information (Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information) (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42401 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 42501 - Disclosure - Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink
Document And Entity Information. Document And Entity Information [Abstract] Statement [Table] Statement [Line Items] Document Type Amendment Flag Document Period End Date Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Entity Registrant Name Entity Central Index Key Current Fiscal Year End Date Entity Filer Category Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Public Float Consolidated Statements Of Operations [Abstract] Segment reporting revenue by country Segment Reporting Revenue by Country Revenues Revenue, Net, Total Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers Cost of Revenue Cost of Sales Cost of Revenue, Total Cost of Sales Gross Profit Gross Profit Gross Profit Gross Profit Operating Expenses [Abstract] Operating Expenses Selling Expense Selling Distribution operating expenses Distribution Operating Expenses Distribution Research and Development Expense Research and development Research and Development Expense, Total General and Administrative Expense Administrative General and Administrative Expense, Total Gain (Loss) Related to Litigation Settlement Litigation charges (credit), net Litigation charges (credit) Litigation credit, net Gain (Loss) Related to Litigation Settlement, Total Litigation charge (credit) Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Operating Income Operating profit, Total Operating Income Nonoperating Income (Expense) Total Total Other Income, Net Interest and Debt Expense Interest Expense Interest and Debt Expense, Total Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Extraordinary Items, Noncontrolling Interest Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income Tax Expense Benefit Income Tax Expense Income tax credit Income tax provision Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations Attributable to Parent Income from Continuing Operations Income from Continuing Operations Income from continuing operations Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation, Net of Tax Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax Discontinued Operation - gain on sale, net of tax Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation, Net of Tax, Total Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent Net Income Net income Earnings Per Common Share [Abstract] Earnings Per Common Share Earnings Per Common Share: Earnings Per Share, Diluted [Abstract] Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations, Per Diluted Share Continuing operations Continuing operations Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Per Diluted Share Discontinued Operations, net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Per Diluted Share, Total Discontinued operation - gain on sale Earnings Per Share, Diluted Total Diluted Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract] Basic Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations, Per Basic Share Continuing operations Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations, Per Outstanding Share, Total Continuing operations Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Per Basic Share Discontinued operation, net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Per Outstanding Share, Total Discontinued operation - gain on sale Earnings Per Share, Basic Total Basic Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted [Abstract] Weighted average common shares outstanding: Weighted Average Common Shares Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted Diluted Diluted Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding, Basic Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic, Total Basic Consolidated Balance Sheets [Abstract] Assets [Abstract] ASSETS Assets, Current [Abstract] Current Assets Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value, Total Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, Net, Current Net Receivables, net Inventory, Net Inventory, Net, Total Inventories, net Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current, Total Prepaid expenses and other Assets, Current Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Ending Balance Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Beginning Balance Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Total Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Goodwill Goodwill, Ending balance Goodwill, Beginning balance Goodwill, Total Goodwill Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill) Net Carrying Amount Intangible Assets, Net Other Assets, Noncurrent Other Assets, Noncurrent, Total Other Assets Assets Total Assets Assets transferred to corporate Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Current Liabilities Accounts Payable, Current Accounts payable and other liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities Drafts and accounts payable Line of Credit Facility, Amount Outstanding Short-term borrowings Borrowings outstanding Deferred Revenue, Current Deferred Revenue, Current, Total Deferred revenue Deferred Tax Liabilities, Current Deferred tax liabilities Long-term Debt, Current Maturities Less current portion Less current portion Long-term Debt, Current Maturities, Total Current portion of long-term debt Accrued Liabilities, Current Accrued Liabilities, Current, Total Other accrued liabilities Liabilities, Current Total Current Liabilities Total Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities Total long-term debt Total long-term debt Long-Term Debt Other Liabilities, Noncurrent Other Liabilities, Noncurrent, Total Other Noncurrent Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 19) Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 12) Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock, Value, Issued Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Ending Balance Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Beginning Balance Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Total Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 100 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding Common Stock, Value, Issued Common Stock, Value, Issued, Ending Balance Common Stock, Value, Issued, Beginning Balance Common stock, $0.01 par value, 800 shares authorized at March 31, 2012 and 2011, 373 and 369 shares issued at March 31, 2012 and 2011 and 369 shares issued at March 31, 2012 and 2011 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 800 shares authorized at September 30, 2011 and March 31, 2011, 371 and 369 shares issued at September 30, 2011 and March 31, 2011 Additional Paid in Capital Additional Paid in Capital, Ending Balance Additional Paid in Capital, Beginning Balance Additional Paid-in Capital Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Ending Balance Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Beginning Balance Retained Earnings Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Ending Balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Beginning Balance Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Other Additional Capital Other Treasury Stock, Value Treasury Shares, at Cost, 138 and 117 at March 31, 2012 and 2011 Treasury Stock, Value, Ending Balance Treasury Stock, Value, Beginning Balance Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent Beginning Balance Ending Balance Beginning Balance Total Stockholders' Equity Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Preferred stock, par value Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized Preferred stock, shares authorized Preferred Stock, Shares Issued Preferred Stock, Shares Issued, Total Preferred stock, shares issued Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding, Ending Balance Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding, Beginning Balance Preferred stock, shares outstanding Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Common stock, par value Common Stock, Shares Authorized Common stock, shares authorized Common Stock, Shares, Issued Ending Balance, Shares Beginning Balance, Shares Common Stock, Shares, Issued, Total Common stock, shares issued Number of shares repurchased Treasury Stock, Shares, Ending Balance Treasury Stock, Shares, Beginning Balance Total shares repurchased under ASR program Treasury stock, shares Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Shares, Outstanding Ending Balance, Shares Beginning Balance, Shares Ending Balance, Shares Beginning Balance, Shares Stock Issued During Period, Value, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of shares under employee plans Issuance of shares under employee plans Employee stock purchase plan Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Employee Stock Purchase Plans Issuance of shares under employee plans, shares Issuance of shares under employee plans, shares Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition Share-based compensation Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition, Total Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Income Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax Translation adjustments Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax, Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Adjustment, Net of Tax Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax benefit Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Adjustment, Net of Tax, Total Stock Repurchased During Period, Value Repurchase of common stock Total value of shares repurchased Repurchase of common stock Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares Repurchase of common stock, Shares Number of shares repurchased Number of shares repurchased Repurchase of common stock, Shares Dividends, Common Stock, Cash Cash dividends declared, $0.80 for 2012, $0.72 for 2011 and $0.48 for 2010 per common share Cash dividends declared, $0.80 for 2012, 0.72 for 2011 and 0.48 for 2010 per common share Stockholders' Equity, Other Other Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent Comprehensive income Comprehensive income Comprehensive income Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent, Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Tax Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Tax, Total Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, tax benefit Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Declared Quarterly dividend per share Quarterly dividend per share Dividends Declared Per Common Share Cash dividends declared per common share Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows [Abstract] Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Operating Activities Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Depreciation, Total Amortization Amortization, Total Provision for Doubtful Accounts Provision for bad debts Other deferred taxes Other Deferred Taxes Other deferred taxes Share-based Compensation label Share-based Compensation, Total Share-based compensation expense Capitalized Computer Software, Impairments Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale Impairment of capitalized software held for sale Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale Impairment charge Other Noncash Income (Expense) Other non-cash items Other Noncash Income (Expense), Total Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract] Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Decrease (Increase) in Receivables Receivables Increase (Decrease) in Receivables, Total Increase (Decrease) in Inventories Inventories Increase (Decrease) in Inventories, Total Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable, Total Drafts and accounts payable Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Revenue Deferred revenue Increase (Decrease) in Income Taxes Payable Taxes Payments for Legal Settlements Litigation settlement payments Payments made Cash payments for legal settlement Payments made The component of income tax expense for the period representing the increase (decrease) in the entity's deferred tax assets and liabilities pertaining to litigation charges. Deferred Income Tax Expense Benefit On Litigation Charges Deferred tax (benefit) expense on litigation Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets and Liabilities, Net Other Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets and Liabilities, Net, Total Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract] Investing Activities Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment Property acquisitions Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Total The cash outflow associated with the development, modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use or to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others and that qualify for capitalization. Payments For Computer Software Capitalized software expenditures Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired, Total Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses, Net of Cash Divested Net sales proceeds Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses, Net of Cash Divested, Total Proceeds from sale of businesses Increase (Decrease) in Restricted Cash Restricted cash for litigation charges Restricted cash for litigation charge, net Increase (Decrease) in Restricted Cash, Total Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Investing Activities Other Other Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract] Financing Activities Proceeds from short-term borrowings Proceeds from Short-term Debt, Total Repayments of Short-term Debt Repayments of short-term borrowings Repayments of short-term borrowings Repayments of Short-term Debt, Total Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt, Total Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of Long-term Debt Repayments of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt Repayments of Long-term Debt, Total Common stock transactions: Common stock transactions: Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock Issuances Common stock issuances Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock Share repurchases, including shares surrendered for tax withholding Share repurchases, including shares surrendered for tax withholding Payments of Dividends, Common Stock Dividends paid Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities Other Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents, Total Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract] Cash paid for: Interest Paid, Net Interest Interest Paid, Net, Total Income Taxes Paid, Net Income taxes, net of refunds Income Taxes Paid, Net, Total Cash Flow, Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Disclosure [Abstract] Non-cash item: Noncash or Part Noncash Acquisition, Debt Assumed Fair value of debt assumed on acquisition Fair value of debt assumed on acquisition Assumption of debt Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] Significant Accounting Policies Business Combinations [Abstract] Business Combination Disclosure [Text Block] Business Combinations Share-Based Compensation [Abstract] Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Text Block] Share-Based Compensation Product alignment and asset impairment charges [abstract] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Abstract] Product alignment and asset impairment charges [text block] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Text Block] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges Other Income, Net [Abstract] Other Income and Other Expense Disclosure [Text Block] Other Income, Net Income Taxes [Abstract] Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block] Income Taxes Discontinued Operation [Abstract] Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Disclosure [Text Block] Discontinued Operation Earnings Per Share [Text Block] Earnings Per Common Share Receivables, Net [Abstract] Receivables, Net Loans, Notes, Trade and Other Receivables Disclosure [Text Block] Receivables, Net Property, Plant And Equipment, Net [Abstract] Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block] Property, Plant And Equipment, Net Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net [Abstract] Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block] Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net Debt And Financing Activities [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Debt And Financing Activities Financing Activities Variable Interest Entities [Abstract] Variable interest entities text block. Variable Interest Entities Text Block Variable Interest Entities Pension benefits abstract Pension Benefits [Abstract] Pension benefits text block Pension Benefits [Text Block] Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits [Abstract] Postretirement Benefits [Abstract] Postretirement benefits text block Postretirement Benefits [Text Block] Postretirement Benefits FinancialInstrumentsAndHedgingActivities Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities [Abstract] Financial Instruments Disclosure [Text Block] Financial Instruments Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities Lease Obligations [Abstract] Leases of Lessee Disclosure [Text Block] Lease Obligations Financial Guarantees And Warranties [Abstract] Financial Guarantees And Warranties [Abstract] Financial guarantees And warranties. Financial Guarantees And Warranties Text Block Financial Guarantees And Warranties Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities Commitments And Contingent Liabilities Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Stockholders' Equity Stockholders' Equity Related Party Balances And Transactions [Abstract] Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block] Related Party Balances And Transactions Segments Of Business [Abstract] Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block] Segments Of Business Segment Information Quarterly Financial Information [Abstract] Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block] Quarterly Financial Information Subsequent Event [Abstract] Subsequent Events [Text Block] Subsequent Event Supplementary consolidated financial statement schedule valuation and qualifying accounts [abstract] Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts [Abstract] Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block] Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts Nature of Operations [Text Block] Nature Of Operations Consolidation, Policy [Policy Text Block] Basis Of Presentation Fiscal Period, Policy [Policy Text Block] Fiscal Period Reclassifications [Text Block] Reclassifications Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] Use Of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Restricted Cash Marketable Securities, Available-for-sale Securities, Policy [Policy Text Block] Marketable Securities Available For Sale Concentrations of credit risk and receivables policy text block Concentrations Of Credit Risk And Receivables [Policy Text Block] Concentrations Of Credit Risk And Receivables Finance, Loans and Leases Receivable, Policy [Policy Text Block] Financing Receivables Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block] Inventories Shipping and Handling Cost, Policy [Policy Text Block] Shipping And Handling Costs Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block] Property, Plant And Equipment Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block] Goodwill Intangible Assets, Finite-Lived, Policy [Policy Text Block] Intangible Assets Software to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed, Policy [Policy Text Block] Capitalized Software Held For Sale Internal Use Software, Policy [Policy Text Block] Capitalized Software Held For Internal Use Insurance programs [policy text block] Insurance Programs [Policy Text Block] Insurance Programs Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block] Revenue Recognition Supplier Incentives [Policy Text Block] Supplier Incentives [Policy Text Block] Supplier Incentives Supplier reserves [policy text block] Supplier Reserves [Policy Text Block] Supplier Reserves Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block] Income Taxes Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block] Foreign Currency Translation Derivatives, Policy [Policy Text Block] Derivative Financial Instruments Share-based Compensation, Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block] Share-Based Compensation Commitments and Contingencies, Policy [Policy Text Block] Loss Contingencies Business Combinations Policy [Policy Text Block] Business Combinations Research, Development, and Computer Software Disclosure [Text Block] Additional Information Regarding Capitalized Software Expenditures Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table] Business Acquisition [Axis] Business Acquisition Acquiree [Domain] Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain] US Oncology Holdings, Incorporation [Member] Us Oncology Holdings Incorporation [Member] US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] The Katz Group [Member] Katz Group [Member] The Katz Group [Member] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Schedule of Purchase Price Allocation [Table Text Block] Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Schedule of Compensation Cost for Share-based Payment Arrangements, Allocation of Share-based Compensation Costs by Plan [Table Text Block] Components Of Share-Based Compensation Expense And Related Tax Benefits Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate The Fair Value Of Employee Stock Options Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, by Exercise Price Range [Table Text Block] Summary Of Options Outstanding Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Stock Options, Activity [Table Text Block] Stock Option Activity Schedule of share based compensation arrangements by share based payment award data related to stock option activity [table text block] Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Data Related To Stock Option Activity [Table Text Block] Data Related To Stock Option Activity Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Activity [Table Text Block] RSU Activity Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Restricted Stock Units Award Activity [Table Text Block] Data Related To RSU Activity Interest and Other Income [Table Text Block] Other Income, Net Schedule of Income before Income Tax, Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block] Income Before Income Taxes From Continuing Operations Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block] Components Of Provision For Income Taxes Related To Continuing Operations Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block] Reconciliation Between Effective Tax Rate On Income From Continuing Operations And Statutory Tax Rate Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] Components Of Deferred Tax Balances Summary of Income Tax Contingencies [Table Text Block] Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block] Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Accounts Receivable Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Property, Plant And Equipment, Net Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Table Text Block] Information Regarding Intangible Assets Schedule of Goodwill [Text Block] Changes In The Carrying Amount Of Goodwill Long-term Debt [Text Block] Schedule Of Long-Term Debt Schedule of Net Benefit Costs [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense For Pension Plans Defined benefit plan change in benefit obligation and plan assets table text block Defined Benefit Plan Change In Benefit Obligation And Plan Assets [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations And Plan Assets Schedule of Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Fair Value of Plan Assets [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Projected Benefit Obligation, Accumulated Benefit Obligation And Fair Value Of Plan Assets For Pension Plans Schedule of amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income loss table text block Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Loss [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Schedule of Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income Schedule of Assumptions Used [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate Net Periodic Pension Expense And Actuarial Present Value Of Benefit Obligations Schedule of defined benefit plan sensitivity to changes in weighted average discount rate table text block Schedule Of Defined Benefit Plan Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted Average Discount Rate [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted-Average Discount Rate For U.S. Pension Plans Schedule of Allocation of Plan Assets [Table Text Block] Summary Of Pension Plan Assets Using Fair Value Hierarchy By Asset Class Schedule of defined benefit plan reconciliation of level three plan assets held table text block Schedule Of Defined Benefit Plan Reconciliation Of Level Three Plan Assets Held [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Level 3 Plan Assets Held Schedule of profit sharing investment plan expense table text block Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan Expense [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan (PSIP) Expense By Segment Defined benefit plan postretirement net periodic benefit cost table text block Defined Benefit Plan Postretirement Net Periodic Benefit Cost [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense (Income) For Postretirement Welfare Benefits Schedule of Changes in Projected Benefit Obligations [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations For Postretirement Welfare Plans Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases Loss Contingencies [Table] Products and Services [Axis] Products And Services [Domain] Products and Services [Domain] AverageWholesalePriceLitigationMember Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Schedule Of Litigation Reserve And Expense [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Litigation Reserve And Expense [Table Text Block] Litigation Reserve And Expense Schedule of Shares Repurchased Table Text Block Schedule of Shares Repurchased Table Text Block Shares Repurchased Over Last Three Years Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block] Reporting Operating Segments Schedule Of Segment Information Schedule of Revenue from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets, by Geographical Areas [Table Text Block] Geographic Segments Assets Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block] Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information Significant Accounting Policies [Table] Significant Accounting Policies [Table] Line of Credit Facility [Axis] Line Of Credit Facility Lender [Domain] Line of Credit Facility, Lender [Domain] Accounts Receivable Sales Facility. Accounts Receivable Sales Facility [Member] Accounts Receivable Sales Facility [Member] Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility [Member] Statement, Business Segments [Axis] Segment [Domain] Segment [Domain] Technology Solutions Member. Technology Solutions [Member] Technology Solutions [Member] Technology Solutions [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment by Type [Axis] Property Plant And Equipment Type [Domain] Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain] Capitalized software held for internal use [member] Capitalized Software Held For Internal Use [Member] Capitalized Software Held For Internal Use [Member] Concentration Risk by Type [Axis] Concentration Risk Type [Domain] Concentration Risk Type [Domain] Cvs caremark corporation [member] Cvs Caremark Corporation [Member] CVS Caremark Corporation [Member] Wal-mart stores, inc [member] Wal Mart Stores Inc [Member] Wal-Mart Stores, Inc [Member] Rite aid corporation [Member] Rite Aid Corporation [Member] Rite Aid Corporation [Member] Concentration Risk by Benchmark [Axis] Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain] Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain] Sales Revenue Segment [Member] Sales Revenue, Segment [Member] Accounts Receivable [Member] Accounts Receivable [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Concentration Risk, Percentage Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers Percentage of LIFO Inventory Percentage of LIFO inventory Inventory, LIFO Reserve LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments Inventory, LIFO Reserve, Period Charge Net LIFO expense Excess of lifo inventory over fifo inventory Excess Of Lifo Inventory Over Fifo Inventory Excess of LIFO inventory over FIFO inventory Effect of LIFO Inventory Liquidation on Income LCM charges recorded Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life, Minimum Property plant and equipment minimum life, years Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life, Maximum Property plant and equipment maximum life, years Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Average Useful Life Useful lives of capitalized software held for sale, years Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Useful Life, Minimum Intangible assets useful life minimum Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Useful Life, Maximum Intangible assets useful life maximum Capitalized Computer Software, Net Capitalized Computer Software, Net, Ending Balance Capitalized Computer Software, Net, Beginning Balance Capitalized Computer Software, Net, Total Capitalized software Capitalized Computer Software, Accumulated Amortization Accumulated amortization The carrying amount of capitalized computer software costs held for sale net of accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date. Capitalized Software Held For sale Capitalized software held for sale Sales Returns, Goods Sales return from customers Supplier reserves Supplier Reserves Supplier reserves Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity Accounts receivable sales facility Bridge loan Credit facility Capitalized Computer Software, Additions Amounts capitalized Capitalized Computer Software, Amortization Amortization expense Royalty Expense Third-party royalty fees paid Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] Finite Lived Intangible Assets Major Class Name [Domain] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Service Agreements [Member] Service Agreements [Member] Service agreements [Member] Customer Lists [Member] Customer Lists [Member] Customer Lists [Member] Number of independent pharmacies. Number Of Independent Pharmacies Number of independent pharmacies Number of days within the closing for which the total purchase price is subject to change due to working capital adjustments. Working Capital Adjustments Working capital adjustments Business Acquisition, Cost of Acquired Entity, Purchase Price Business Acquisition, Cost of Acquired Entity, Purchase Price, Total Purchase price of acquisition Business Acquisition, Cost of Acquired Entity, Cash Paid Cash payment for building Cash consideration Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Asset, Weighted Average Useful Life Useful life-in years Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Amortizable Intangible Assets Purchase price allocation of identifiable intangibles Intangible assets Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Goodwill Amount Goodwill Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Goodwill Amount, Total Purchase price allocation assigned to goodwill Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Goodwill, Expected Tax Deductible Amount Goodwill, expected tax deductable amount Business Acquisition, Period Distinction [Axis] Business Acquisition, Period Distinction [Axis] Business Acquisition, Period Distinction [Domain] Business Acquisition Period Distinction [Domain] Business Acquisition, Period Distinction [Domain] Amounts Previously Recognized As Of Acquisition Date Member Amounts Previously Recognized As Of Acquisition Date [Member] Amounts Previously Recognized As Of Acquisition Date (Provisional) [Member] Purchase Price Allocation Adjustments [Member] Measurement Period Adjustments [Member] Amounts recognized as of acquisition date as adjusted [Member]. Amounts Recognized As Of Acquisition Date As Adjusted [Member] Amounts Recognized As Of Acquisition Date (Final) [Member] The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to current assets, net of cash acquired. Business Acquisition Purchase Price Allocation Current Assets Net Of Cash Acquired Current assets, net of cash acquired Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Other Noncurrent Assets Other long-term assets Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Current Liabilities Current liabilities Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Current Liabilities, Total Current liabilities Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Current Liabilities, Long-term Debt Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Other Noncurrent Liabilities Other long-term liabilities Other long-term liabilities Business Combination, Acquisition of Less than 100 Percent, Noncontrolling Interest, Fair Value Other stockholders' equity Other stockholders' equity The total purchase price of the acquired entity. This includes cash paid to equity interest holders of the acquired entity, fair value of debt and equity securities issued to equity holders of the acquired entity, and transaction costs paid to third parties to consummate the acquisition, net of cash acquired. Business Acquisition Purchase Price Allocation Assets Acquired Liabilities Assumed Net Of Cash Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents Business acquisition purchase price allocation long term deferred tax liabilities Business Acquisition Purchase Price Allocation Long Term Deferred Tax Liabilities Long-term deferred tax liabilities Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table] Range [Axis] Range [Member] Range [Domain] Maximum [Member] Maximum [Member] Minimum [Member] Minimum [Member] Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Type and Plan Name [Axis] Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Award Type And Plan Name [Domain] Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Award Type and Plan Name [Domain] Stock Option [Member] Stock Options [Member] Per Restricted Stock Unit [Member] Per Restricted Stock Unit [Member] PeRSUs [Member] Employee stock purchase plan [Member] Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member] ESPP [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized Number of shares authorized Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant Number of shares available for future grant Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term, Maximum Contractual term of stock plan, years Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized, pre-tax Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized, pre-tax Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Number Vested and expected to vest, Shares Vested and expected to vest, Shares Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Nonvested Awards, Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition Weighted-average period in years over which stock option compensation cost is expected to be recognized Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized Employee service share based compensation period to purchase shares through payroll deductions Employee Service Share Based Compensation Period To Purchase Shares Through Payroll Deductions Period to purchase shares through payroll deductions, months Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Discount from Market Price, Purchase Date Percentage of price to purchase shares through payroll deductions Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Discount from Market Price, Offering Date Percentage of deduction to purchase shares through payroll deductions Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Issued in Period Shares issued under ESPP Vesting Period Of Stock Plans Vesting Period Of Stock Plans Vesting period of stock plans Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense, Total Share-based compensation expense Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Tax Benefit from Compensation Expense Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense, Net of Tax Share-based compensation expense, net of tax Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate Expected stock price volatility Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate Expected dividend yield Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate Risk-free interest rate Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term Expected life (in years) Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, by Exercise Price Range [Table] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, by Exercise Price Range [Axis] Share Based Compensation Shares Authorized Under Stock Option Plans Exercise Price Range [Domain] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Domain] Range One [Member] Range One [Member] $ 27.35 - $ 41.02 [Member] Range Two [Member] Range Two [Member] $ 41.03 - $ 54.70 [Member] Range Three [Member] Range Three [Member] $ 54.71 - $ 68.37 [Member] Range Four [Member] Range Four [Member] $ 68.38 - $ 84.41 [Member] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Lower Range Limit Range of Exercise Prices, Lower Limit Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Upper Range Limit Range of Exercise Prices, Upper Limit Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Outstanding Options Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Outstanding Options, Ending Balance Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Outstanding Options, Beginning Balance Number of Options Outstanding At Year End Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Outstanding Options, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Outstanding Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning Balance Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Outstanding Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price, End of Period Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Outstanding Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning of Period Weighted-Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Exercisable Options Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Exercisable Options, Ending Balance Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Exercisable Options, Beginning Balance Number of Options Exercisable at Year End Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Exercisable Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted-Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number Shares Outstanding, Ending balance Shares Outstanding, Beginning balance Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Net of Forfeitures Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Net of Forfeitures, Total Granted, Shares Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period Exercised, Shares Exercised, Shares Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number Vested and exercisable, Shares Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, End of period Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Beginning of period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Granted, Weighted-Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Exercised, Weighted-Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price Vested and expected to vest, Weighted-Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price Vested and exercisable, Weighted-Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term Outstanding, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, End of period, years Outstanding, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, Beginning of period, years Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term Vested and expected to vest, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, years Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term Vested and exercisable Vested and exercisable, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, years Contractual term of stock plan, years Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value, End of period Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Beginning of period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value Vested and expected to vest, Aggregate Intrinsic Value Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Aggregate Intrinsic Value Vested and exercisable, Aggregate Intrinsic Value Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Total Intrinsic Value Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Cash Received from Exercise of Stock Options Cash received upon exercise Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Tax Benefit Realized from Exercise of Stock Options Tax benefits realized related to exercise Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award options fair value of shares vested Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Fair Value Of Shares Vested Total fair value of stock options vested Restricted Stock Units R S U [Member] RSUs [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number Nonvested, Shares, Ending balance Nonvested, Shares, Beginning balance Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period Granted, Shares Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period Vested, Shares Vested, Shares Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Nonvested, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, End of period Nonvested, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Beginning of period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Granted, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Vested, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Total Fair Value Total fair value of shares vested Product alignment and asset impairment charges [table] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Table] Product alignment gain loss [axis] Product Alignment Gain Loss [Axis] Product alignment gain loss [domain] Product Alignment Gain Loss [Domain] Product Alignment Gain Loss [Domain] Customer Allowances [Member] Customer Allowances [Member] Customer Allowances [Member] Other product alignment charges [member] Other Product Alignment Charges [Member] Other Product Alignment Charges [Member] Non cash asset impairment charges [member] Non Cash Asset Impairment Charges [Member] Non-Cash Asset Impairment Charges [Member] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Line Items] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Line Items] Other Nonrecurring Expense Pre-tax charges resulting from product alignment plan Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Useful Life Amortization period for capitalized software held for sale (years) Business combination cost reimbursement expense from former shareholders Business combination cost reimbursement Other income: reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense from former shareholders Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense Percentage of equity interest sold Percentage Of Equity Interest Sold Percentage of equity interest sold Equity Method Investment, Realized Gain (Loss) on Disposal Equity Method Investment, Realized Gain (Loss) on Disposal, Total Pre-tax gain on sale of equity investments Gain loss on sale of equity method investments after tax Gain Loss On Sale Of Equity Method Investments After Tax After-tax gain on sale of equity investment Investment Income, Interest Interest income Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments, Total Equity in earnings(loss), net Gain (Loss) on Sale of Investments Gain (Loss) on Sale of Investments, Total Gain on sale of investment Other Asset Impairment Charges Impairment of an investment Impairment of investments Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) Other Nonoperating Income (Expense), Total Other, net Income Tax [Table] Income Tax [Table] Income Tax Authority [Axis] Income Tax Authority [Domain] Income Tax Authority [Domain] Canada Revenue Agency Assessments Member. Canada Revenue Agency Assessments [Member] Canada Revenue Agency Assessments [Member] Internal Revenue Service I R S [Member] Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Member] Capital loss carryforwards by authority [axis] Capital Loss Carryforwards By Authority [Axis] Capital loss carryforwards by authority [domain] Capital Loss Carryforwards By Authority [Domain] Capital Loss Carryforwards By Authority [Domain] Domestic Country [Member] Domestic Country [Member] State And Local Jurisdiction [Member] State And Local Jurisdiction [Member] Foreign Country [Member] Foreign Country [Member] Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis] Tax Credit Carryforward Name [Domain] Tax Credit Carryforward, Name [Domain] Research [Member] Research [Member] IncomeTaxLineItems Income Tax [Line Items] Income tax benefit discrete items Income Tax Benefit Discrete Items Income tax benefit discrete items Reflects tax assessments from taxing authorities with which the Company disagrees. Income Tax Examination Amounts Assessed Tax assessments relating to transfer pricing issues Periods for which tax assessments were received. Periods For Which Tax Assessments Were Received Periods for which tax assessments were received Periods for which tax assessments are objected. Periods For Which Tax Assessments Are Objected Periods for which tax assessments are objected Periods which are being examined Periods Of Examination Periods of examination Undistributed foreign earnings Undistributed Foreign Earnings Undistributed earnings of foreign operations Operating Loss Carryforwards Operating Loss Carryforwards, Total Federal, state and foreign operating loss carryforwards Operating Loss Carryforwards, Expiration Dates Fed and state NOL carryforwards expiration Operating Loss Carryforwards, Valuation Allowance Operating Loss Carryforwards, Valuation Allowance, Total State and foreign operating loss carryforwards valuation allowance Deferred Tax Assets, Capital Loss Carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards expiration dates Federal and state capital loss carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards expiration dates Capital Loss Carryforwards Expiration Dates Capital loss carryforwards expiration dates Increase (Decrease) in equity upon realization of deferred tax assets Increase (Decrease) In Equity Upon Realization Of Deferred Tax Assets Increase in equity Tax Credit Carryforward, Amount Domestic, research and development income tax credit carryforwards Tax Credit Carryforward, Deferred Tax Asset Benefit from state deferred tax credit Other Tax Carryforward, Valuation Allowance Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets Tax Credit Carryforward, Valuation Allowance Valuation allowance to recognize risk from state tax credits R and d credit carryforwards expiration dates R And D Credit Carryforwards Expiration Dates Research and development credit carryforwards expiration dates Unrecognized Tax Benefits Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period Unrecognized tax benefits Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate Unrecognized tax benefits that would impact income tax expense and the effective tax rate Significant Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits is Reasonably Possible, Amount of Unrecorded Benefit Potential reduction of unrecognized benefits due to audit resolutions and expiration of statutes of limitations Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Interest on Income Taxes Accrued Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits Income Tax Examination, Interest Expense Income tax expense, before any tax effect, related to interest Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Domestic U.S. Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Foreign Foreign Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Extraordinary Items, Noncontrolling Interest Total income from continuing operations before income taxes Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit) Federal Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit) State and local Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit) Foreign Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Total current Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Federal Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit) State and local Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Foreign Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Total deferred Income Tax Reconciliation, Income Tax Expense (Benefit), at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate Income tax provision at federal statutory rate Income Tax Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit Income Tax Reconciliation, Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential Foreign income taxed at various rates Income Tax Reconciliation, Tax Contingencies Income Tax Reconciliation, Tax Contingencies, Total Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements Income Tax Reconciliation, Tax Credits Tax credits Income Tax Reconciliation, Tax Credits, Total Tax credits Income Tax Reconciliation, Other Reconciling Items Income Tax Reconciliation, Other Reconciling Items, Total Other, net Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals, Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable allowances Deferred Tax Assets, Deferred Income Deferred revenue Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Total Compensation and benefit related accruals Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals, Legal Settlements AWP litigation accrual Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Credit Carryforwards Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Credit Carryforwards, Total Loss and credit carryforwards Deferred Tax Assets, Other Other Deferred Tax Assets, Gross Subtotal Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance Less: valuation allowance Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance, Total Less: valuation allowance Deferred Tax Assets, Net Total assets Deferred Tax Liabilities, Deferred Expense, Capitalized Inventory Costs Inventory valuation and other assets Basis difference for inventory valuation and other assets Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment Fixed assets and systems development costs Basis difference for fixed assets and systems development costs Deferred Tax Liabilities, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Intangible Assets Intangibles Deferred tax liabilities, intangible assets Intangibles Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other Other Other Deferred Tax Liabilities Total liabilities Total liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities), Net, Current Current net deferred tax liability Current net deferred tax liability Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities), Net, Noncurrent Long-term net deferred tax asset Long-term deferred tax asset Deferred Tax Liabilities, Noncurrent Long-term deferred tax liability Long-term deferred tax liability Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities), Net Net deferred tax liability Net deferred tax liability Net deferred tax liability Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decreases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increases Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions Additions based on tax positions related to current year Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decreases Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities Reductions based on settlements Reductions based on settlements Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Reductions Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table] Valuation Allowance by Deferred Tax Asset [Axis] Deferred Tax Asset [Domain] Deferred Tax Asset [Domain] McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited [Member]. Mckesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited [Member] McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited [Member] Discontinued Operations [Line Items] Discontinued Operations [Line Items] Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation, before Income Tax Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation, before Income Tax, Total Pre-tax gain from divestiture Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Change in Amount Utilization of capital loss carry-forwards, previously recorded as valuation allowance Valuation allowance, deferred tax asset, change in amount Schedule Of Earnings Per Share Basic By Common Class [Table] Earnings Per Share, Basic, by Common Class, Including Two Class Method [Line Items] Weighted Average Number Diluted Shares Outstanding Adjustment [Abstract] Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted stock/ restricted stock units Options to purchase common Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Share-based Payment Arrangements, Total Dilutive securities Earnings Per Share. Earnings Per Share (Textuals) [Abstract] Earnings Per Common Share Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount Potentially dilutive securities excluded from diluted earnings per share Accounts Receivable, Gross, Current Customer accounts Other Receivables, Gross, Current Other Accounts and Other Receivables, Gross Accounts and Other Receivables, Gross Total Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable, Current Allowances Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable, Current, Ending Balance Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable, Current, Beginning Balance Allowances Schedule of Property, Plant and Equipment [Table] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross, Ending Balance Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross, Beginning Balance Total property, plant and equipment Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross, Total Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment Accumulated depreciation Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Ending Balance Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Beginning Balance Accumulated depreciation Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Total Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles Amortization expense of intangible assets Future Amortization Expense, Year One Annual amortization expense, 2013 Future Amortization Expense, Year Two Annual amortization expense, 2014 Annual amortization expense, 2013 Future Amortization Expense, Year Three Annual amortization expense, 2015 Annual amortization expense, 2014 Future Amortization Expense, Year Four Annual amortization expense, 2016 Annual amortization expense, 2015 Future Amortization Expense, Year Five Annual amortization expense, 2017 Annual amortization expense, 2016 Future Amortization Expense, after Year Five Annual amortization expense, after 2017 Annual amortization expense, after 2016 Schedule of Goodwill [Table] Distribution Solutions. Distribution Solutions [Member] Distribution Solutions [Member] Distribution Solutions [Member] Goodwill [Line Items] Goodwill, Acquired During Period Goodwill acquired Goodwill, Allocation Adjustment Acquisition accounting and other adjustments Goodwill, Translation Adjustments Foreign currency translation adjustments Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Table] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] Trademarks And Trade Names Member Trademarks And Trade Names [Member] Trademarks And Trade Names [Member] Developed Technology Rights [Member] Technology [Member] Technology [Member] Other Intangible Assets [Member] Other [Member] Other Intangible Assets [Member] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Abstract] Intangible assets Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Remaining Amortization Period Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (years) Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross, Total Gross Carrying Amount Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization Accumulated Amortization Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Bridge Loan Bridge loan Short-term Debt, Weighted Average Interest Rate Bridge loan interest rate Business combination bridge loan fees Business Combination Bridge Loan Fees Bridge loan fees included in interest expense Interest expense: bridge loan fees Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage Interest rate on debt Interest Expense, Debt Interest paid on US oncology debt acquired Interest Expense, Debt, Total Interest Payable, Current Payoff of all USON debt Debt Maturity Date Debt Maturity Date Debt maturity date, year Debt Instrument, Face Amount Aggregate principal amount of debt Debt Instrument, Maturity Date Maturity date Debt maturity date, year Number of days notice before notes can be redeemed Number Of Days Notice Before Notes Can Be Redeemed Number of days notice before notes can be redeemed Debt Instrument, Decrease, Repayments Amount repaid Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2013 Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Two Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2014 Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Three Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2015 Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Four Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2016 Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Five Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2017 Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal after Year Five Future principal payments of long-term debt, thereafter The amount offered to holders in cash of the outstanding principal amount Contingent purchase offer, Series Line Of Credit [Member] Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Number of years for which accounts receivable sales facility was renewed. Number of years for which accounts receivable sales facility was renewed Number of years for which accounts receivable sales facility was renewed Line of Credit Facility, Expiration Date Expiration date Credit facility expiration date Delinquency ratio for qualifying receivables Delinquency Ratio For Qualifying Receivables Delinquency ratio for qualifying receivables Pledged Assets, Not Separately Reported, Finance Receivables Securitized receivable balance Line of Credit Facility, Increase, Additional Borrowings Short-term borrowings Borrowings during the period Proceeds from Issuance of Commercial Paper Issuance of commercial paper Commercial Paper, at Carrying Value Commercial paper amount outstanding Debt Instrument, Fee Amount Fees and charges from Purchaser Groups Fees and charges on facility Ratio of Indebtedness to Net Capital Debt to capital ratio Debt to capital ratio under unsecured revolving credit facility Long-term Debt Total debt Total debt Schedule of Variable Interest Entities [Table] Variable Interest Entities By Classification Of Assets [Axis] Variable Interest Entities By Classification Of Assets [Axis] Variable Interest Entities By Classification Of Assets [Domain] Variable Interest Entities By Classification Of Assets [Domain] Variable Interest Entities By Classification Of Assets [Domain] Intangible Assets [Member] Intangible Assets [Member] Intangible Assets [Member] Variable Interest Entity [Line Items] Variable Interest Entity, Reporting Entity Involvement, Maximum Loss Exposure, Amount Maximum exposure to loss on assets Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Table] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Table] First Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] First Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] First Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] Second Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] Second Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] Second Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Disclosures [Axis] Defined Benefit Plans [Domain] Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans [Domain] Pension Plans Defined Benefit [Member] Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Unrecognized actuarial losses Unrecognized Actuarial Losses Unrecognized actuarial losses Defined Benefit Plan, Accumulated Benefit Obligation Accumulated benefit obligations Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Net Prior Service Cost (Credit) Expected amortization of prior service cost in 2013 Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Net Gains (Losses) Expected amortization of actuarial loss in 2013 Expected amortization of actuarial loss from stockholders' equity in 2013 Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) Amortization of prior service cost Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Gains (Losses) Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of actuarial loss from stockholders equity Defined benefit plan projected benefit obligation unfunded pension plan Defined Benefit Plan Projected Benefit Obligation Unfunded Pension Plan Projected benefit obligations Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payments in Year One Expected benefit payments in 2013 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2013 Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payments in Year Two Expected benefit payments in 2014 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2014 Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payments in Year Three Expected benefit payments in 2015 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2015 Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payments in Year Four Expected benefit payments in 2016 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2016 Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payments in Year Five Expected benefit payments in 2017 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2017 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2018-2022 Expected benefit payments, 2018 through 2022 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments in five fiscal years, thereafter Defined Benefit Plan, Estimated Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year Expected contributions in 2013 Expected contributions for postretirement benefit plans in 2013 Discount rates Weighted-average discount rates for actuarial present value of benefit obligations Benefit obligation, Discount rates Defined benefit plan assumptions used calculating net periodic benefit cost rate of compensation change in rate. Defined Benefit Plan Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost Rate Of Compensation Change In Rate Rate of decrease in weighted average discount rate Defined Benefit Plan, Target Allocation Percentage of Assets, Equity Securities Target allocations of equity investments Defined Benefit Plan, Target Allocation Percentage of Assets, Debt Securities Target allocations of fixed income investments Defined Benefit Plan, Target Allocation Percentage of Assets, Other Target allocations of all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents Unit value of cash and cash equivalents Unit Value Of Cash And Cash Equivalents Unit value of cash and cash equivalents Concentration of investment funds Concentration Of Investment Funds Concentration of investment funds Defined benefit plan contributions to profit sharing investment plan Defined Benefit Plan Contributions To Profit Sharing Investment Plan Contribution to PSIP Psip Catch Up Contribution Limit PSIP catch-up contribution limit Company match employee contributions. Company Match Employee Contributions Company match employee contributions Employee contributions Employee Contributions Employee contributions Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), Shares in ESOP Aggregate purchase of common stock by ESOP Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), Shares in ESOP, Total Loan period for loans to finance purchases. E S O P Loan Period ESOP loan Litigation Settlement, Gross Share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit Litigation settlement agreement Proceeds received PSIP - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action Defined Benefit Plan, Contributions by Employer Company's contribution to PSIP Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), Debt Structure, Direct Loan, Amount Outstanding ESOP loans Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Defined Benefit Plan, Service Cost Service cost-benefits earned during the year Service cost Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation Interest cost Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Return on Plan Assets Expected return on assets Expected return on assets Defined Benefit Plan amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation Defined Benefit Plan Amortization Of Unrecognized Actuarial Loss Prior Service Costs And Net Transitional Obligation Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and prior service costs Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost Net periodic expense (income) Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation Benefit obligation at end of period Benefit obligation at beginning of period Defined Benefit Plan, Actuarial Net (Gains) Losses Actuarial loss (gain) Actuarial loss Defined Benefit Plan, Benefits Paid Benefit payments Benefits paid Defined Benefit Plan, Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Changes, Benefit Obligation Foreign exchange impact and other Defined Benefit Plan, Fair Value of Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at end of period Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Pension plan assets Defined Benefit Plan, Actual Return on Plan Assets Actual return on plan assets Defined Benefit Plan, Actual Return on Plan Assets, Total Defined benefit plan contribution by employer and plan participants Defined Benefit Plan Contribution By Employer And Plan Participants Employer and participant contributions Defined Benefit Plan, Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Changes, Plan Assets Foreign exchange impact and other Defined Benefit Plan, Funded Status of Plan Funded status at end of period Defined Benefit Plan, Funded Status of Plan, Total Defined Benefit Plan, Assets for Plan Benefits, Noncurrent Long-term assets Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans, Current Liabilities Current liabilities Current liabilities Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans, Liabilities, Noncurrent Long-term liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Pension and Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plans, Liabilities, Noncurrent, Total Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet Total Defined Benefit Plan, Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets, Aggregate Projected Benefit Obligation Projected benefit obligation Defined Benefit Plan, Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets, Aggregate Accumulated Benefit Obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Defined Benefit Plan, Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets, Aggregate Fair Value of Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Gains (Losses), before Tax Net actuarial loss Net actuarial loss Net actuarial losses for post retirement plan Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Prior Service Cost (Credit), before Tax Prior service cost Prior service cost Net prior service credits for postretirement plans Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Transition Assets (Obligations), before Tax Net transition obligation Net transition obligation Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Tax Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, before Tax Net actuarial loss Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net Prior Service Cost (Credit) Arising During Period, before Tax Prior service credit Prior service credit Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Reclassification, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net Gain (Loss) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost, before Tax Amortization of Net actuarial loss Amortization of Net actuarial loss Amortization of Net actuarial loss Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Amortization, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net Prior Service Cost (Credit) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost, before Tax Amortization of Prior service cost Amortization of Prior service cost Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Adjustment, before Tax Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss (income) Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Discount Rate Net periodic pension expense, Discount rates Weighted-average discount rates used to estimate postretirement welfare benefit expenses Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Rate of Compensation Increase Net periodic pension expense, Rate of increase in compensation Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Expected Long-term Return on Assets Net periodic pension expense, Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation, Rate of Compensation Increase Benefit obligation, Rate of increase in compensation Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation One percentage point increase on projected benefit obligation Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Decrease on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation One percentage point decrease on projected benefit obligation Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Service and Interest Cost Components One percentage point increase on net periodic pension cost Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Decrease on Service and Interest Cost Components One percentage point decrease on net periodic pension cost Defined Benefit Plan, Fair Value of Plan Assets by Measurement [Axis] Fair Value Plan Asset Measurement [Domain] Fair Value Plan Asset Measurement [Domain] Fair Value Inputs Level1 [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] Fair Value Inputs Level2 [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Fair Value Inputs Level3 [Member] Level 3 [Member] Defined Benefit Plan, Actual Return on Plan Assets Still Held Unrealized gain on plan assets still held Defined Benefit Plan, Purchases, Sales, and Settlements Purchases, sales and settlements Defined Benefit Plan, Purchases, Sales, and Settlements, Total Defined Benefit Plan, Transfers Between Measurement Levels Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 Defined Contribution Plan, Cost Recognized Expense by segment Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Gain (Loss), before Tax Net actuarial gain (losses) for changes in benefit obligations Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Gain (Loss), before Tax, Total Prescription Drug Subsidy Receipts, Year One Other postretirement plan, expected Medicare subsidy receipts Defined Benefit Plan, Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year Assumed healthcare cost trend rate Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table] Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship [Axis] Hedging Relationship [Domain] Hedging Relationship [Domain] Cash Flow Hedging [Member] Cash Flow Hedging [Member] Hedging Designation [Axis] Hedging Designation [Domain] Hedging Designation [Domain] Designated As Hedging Instrument [Member] Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Nondesignated [Member] Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Fair Value, Hierarchy [Axis] Fair Value Measurements Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain] Fair Value, Measurements, Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain] Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items] Cash and Cash Equivalents, Fair Value Disclosure Money market fund investments Borrowed Funds Long-term debt and other financing, carrying value Debt Instrument, Fair Value Disclosure Long-term debt and other financing, fair value Notional Amount of Derivatives Notional Amount of Derivatives, Total Notional amount Number of years until the contract will mature. Contract Maturity Maturity period, years Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income, Effective Portion, Net Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income, Effective Portion, Net, Total Amount reclassified to earnings Schedule of Operating Leased Assets [Table] LeaseAxis Lease [Axis] LeaseDomain Lease [Domain] Lease [Domain] EquipmentMember Equipment Lease [Member] Equipment Lease [Member] FacilitiesMember Facilities [Member] Facilities Lease [Member] Operating Leased Assets [Line Items] Operating Leases, Rent Expense Rental expense Operating Leases, Rent Expense, Total Renewal option increments for leases. Renewal Option Increments for Leases Property leases term (years) Lease Term Lease Term Lease term (years) Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, Current 2013 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Two Years 2014 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Three Years 2015 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Four Years 2016 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Five Years 2017 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, Thereafter Thereafter Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable Total minimum lease payments Total minimum lease payments Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Future Minimum Sublease Rentals Minimum sublease rentals, due under future noncancelable subleases Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Table] Guarantor Obligations by Underlying Asset Class [Axis] Underlying Asset Class [Domain] Underlying Asset Class [Domain] StandbyLettersOfCreditAndSuretyBondsMember Standby Letters Of Credit And Surety Bonds [Member] Standby Letters Of Credit And Surety Bonds [Member] GuaranteeObligationsInventoryRepurchaseGuaranteesMember Guarantee Obligations Inventory Repurchase Guarantees [Member] Guarantee Obligations - Inventory Repurchase Guarantees [Member] OtherCustomerGuaranteesMember Other Customer Guarantees [Member] Other Customer Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Number Of Customer Agreement To Secure Standby Financing Number of customer agreement to secure standby financing Number of software customer agreements to secure standby financing Guarantor Obligations, Maximum Exposure, Undiscounted Letters of credit issued Guarantee obligations, maximum exposure Guarantor Obligations, Term Number of years for which inventory repurchase agreements extend Guarantee obligations, expiring in year one Guarantee obligations, expiring in year one Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2013 Guarantee obligations, expiring in year two Guarantee obligations, expiring in year two Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2014 Guarantee obligations, expiring in year three Guarantee obligations, expiring in year three Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2015 Guarantee obligations, expiring in year four Guarantee obligations, expiring in year four Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2016 Guarantee obligations, expiring in year five Guarantee obligations, expiring in year five Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2017 Guarantee obligations, expiring in five years thereafter Guarantee obligations, expiring in five years thereafter Guarantee obligations, expiring after 2017 Loss Contingencies by Nature of Contingency [Axis] Loss Contingency Nature [Domain] Loss Contingency, Nature [Domain] NorthstarRxMember Northstar Rx [Member] Northstar Rx LLC [Member] McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc [Member] Mckesson Medical Surgical Inc [Member] McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc [Member] DistributorMember Distributor [Member] Distributor [Member] Reglan Member Reglan [Member] Reglan [Member] State Attorneys General [Member] State Attorneys General [Member] State Attorneys General [Member] Accrual for Environmental Loss Contingencies Accrual for Environmental Loss Contingencies, Ending Balance Accrual for Environmental Loss Contingencies, Beginning Balance Accrual for Environmental Loss Contingencies, Total Remediation costs Environmental Cost Recognized, Recovery Credited to Expense Amount third parties have agreed to pay in settlement The number of sites requiring environmental conditions to be addressed. Number of Sites, Environmental Conditions Chemical conditions sites, number Number of sites that hazardous substances were allegedly disposed at. Hazardous substance sites Hazardous substance sites, number Accrual for Environmental Loss Contingencies, Component Amount Estimated loss Loss Contingency, Pending Claims, Number Loss Contingency, Pending Claims, Number, Ending Balance Loss Contingency, Pending Claims, Number, Beginning Balance Cases pending Additional Cases Pending Additional Cases Pending Additional cases pending The number of plaintiffs Number Of Plaintiffs Number of plaintiffs Loss Contingency, Damages Sought, Value Damages sought Assessments sought for false claims allegedly presented. False Claims Assessment Fines and penalties sought Loss contingency fines and penalties sought value Loss Contingency Fines And Penalties Sought Value Loss contingency fines and penalties sought value Loss Contingency Accrual, Carrying Value, Payments Settlement expense paid till date Amount of consideration the entity has agreed to pay to settle a legal matter. Loss Contingency Settlement Agreement Consideration1 Loss contingency settlement agreement Estimated Environmental Assessment And Cleanup Costs Estimated Environmental Assessment And Cleanup Costs Estimated environmental assessment and cleanup costs Estimated Time Period To Pay Environmental Remediation Expense Estimated Time Period To Pay Environmental Remediation Expense Remediation costs expected to be paid out, period Estimated Litigation Liability AWP litigation reserve at end of period AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period Litigation reserve Loss Contingency, Loss in Period Charges incurred Litigation charges Stockholders' Equity [Table] Stockholders' Equity [Table] DividendsRatePerShareAxis Dividends Rate Per Share (Axis) DividendsRatePerShareDomain Dividends Rate Per Share [Domain] Dividends Rate Per Share [Domain] OldRatePerShareMember Old Rate Per Share [Member] Old Rate Per Share [Member] NewRatePerShareMember New Rate Per Share [Member] New Rate Per Share [Member] Accelerated Share Repurchases, Date [Axis] Accelerated Share Repurchases Date [Domain] Accelerated Share Repurchases, Date [Domain] ASR May 2010 [Member] Asr May2010 [Member] ASR May 2010 [Member] ASR March 2011 [Member] Asr March2011 [Member] ASR March 2011 [Member] ASR May 2011 [Member] Asr May2011 [Member] ASR May 2011 [Member] ASR March 2012 [Member] Asr March2012 [Member] ASR March 2012 [Member] Stockholders' Equity [Line Items] Stockholders' Equity [Line Items] The approved dividend rate per common share. Dividends rate per share Stock Repurchase Program, Authorized Amount Authorized amount of common stock repurchase plan Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Authorized Repurchase Amount Share authorization remaining Treasury Stock, Shares, Acquired Repurchase of common stock, Shares Number of shares repurchased Shares received under ASR program Accelerated Share Repurchases, Final Price Paid Per Share Average price paid per share Average price paid per share Treasury Stock Acquired, Average Cost Per Share Average price paid per share Treasury Stock, Value, Acquired, Cost Method Repurchase of common stock Repurchase of common stock Total value of shares repurchased Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net of Tax Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net of Tax, Ending Balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net of Tax, Beginning Balance Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, Net of Tax, Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax, Ending Balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax, Beginning Balance Translation adjustments Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges, Effect Net of Tax Unrealized losses on derivative instruments Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges, Effect Net of Tax, Ending Balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges, Effect Net of Tax, Beginning Balance Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax Schedule of Related Party Transactions, by Related Party [Table] Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable by Receivable Type [Axis] Receivable Type [Domain] Receivable Type [Domain] Notes Receivable [Member] Notes Receivable [Member] Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Notes Receivable, Related Parties Notes receivable, related parties Trading Securities Pledged as Collateral Value of underlying stock collateral The valuation allowance relating to a written agreement to receive money from related parties for the portion that is expected to be uncollectible. Outstanding notes reserve Related Party Transaction, Expenses from Transactions with Related Party Equity-held investment rental expense Related Party Transaction, Rate Interest on notes receivable Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Legal Matters, Case [Axis] Legal Matters, Case [Axis] Legal Matters, Case [Domain] Legal Matters Case [Domain] Legal Matters, Case [Domain] Antitrust Class Action Lawsuit [Member] Antitrust Class Action Lawsuit [Member] Antitrust Class Action Lawsuit [Member] Segment Interest [Axis] Segment Interest [Axis] Segment Interest [Domain] Segment Interest [Domain] Segment Interest [Domain] Nadro [Member] Nadro [Member] Nadro [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Revenue derived from services as a percentage of total revenue of that segment. Percentage of Revenue Derived From Services Percentage of revenue derived from services for Distributions Solutions segment Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage Interest in Investee Product alignment expenses Product Alignment Expenses Product alignment charge Segment Reporting Information, Expenditures for Additions to Long-Lived Assets Expenditures for long-lived assets Operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. Includes Other Income. Operating Profit Operating profit The net proceeds obtained in excess of the net carrying amount of assets recorded for litigation liability extinguished, in settlement of a litigation matter. Gain Related To Litigation Settlement Litigation credit, net Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction, Total Depreciation and amortization Other Assets Other Assets, Total Other, Segment assets Quarterly financial information [Table] Quarterly Financial Information [Table] Quarterly financial information [Line Items] Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] The after-tax amount of loss pertaining to the specified contingency that was charged against earnings in the period, including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates. Loss Contingency, Loss in Period After Tax Litigation charges after tax Subsequent Event [Table] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Currently acquired percentage of building Currently Acquired Percentage Of Building Currently acquired percentage of building Previously held percentage of building Previously Held Percentage Of Building Previously held percentage of building Gain on Purchase of Business Pre-tax gain on building acquired Business Acquisition, Purchase Price Allocation, Assets Acquired Fair value of assets acquired Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life, Average Property, plant and equipment, useful life, (years) Amount of the excess of the fair value of acquired net assets over the cost of an acquired business after pro rata reduction of the amounts that otherwise would have been assigned to acquired assets except financial assets other than investments accounted for by the equity method, assets to be disposed of by sale, deferred tax assets, prepaid assets relating to pension and postretirement benefit plans, and other current assets. This element is net of the related tax effect. Gain On Purchase Of Business Net Of Tax Gain on purchase of business net of tax Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Balance Balance at End of Year Balance at Beginning of Year Amounts shown as deductions from current and non - current receivables Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Charged to Cost and Expense Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Charged to Cost and Expense, Total Charged to Costs and Expenses Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Charged to Other Accounts Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Charged to Other Accounts, Total Charged to Other Accounts Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Deductions Deductions From Allowance Accounts Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Deductions, Total Deductions From Allowance Accounts Statement, Equity Components [Axis] Equity Component [Domain] Equity Component [Domain] Common Stock [Member] Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid In Capital [Member] Additional Paid-In Capital [Member] Other Additional Capital [Member] Other Capital [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Member] Treasury Stock [Member] Treasury Stock [Member] DistributionSolutionsSalesToCustomersWarehousesMember Distribution Solutions Sales To Customers Warehouses [Member] Distribution Solutions - Sales To Customers' Warehouses [Member] Medicine Shop [Member] Medicine Shop [Member] Medicine Shop [Member] Drug Trading Company Drug Trading Company [Member] Drug Trading Company [Member] Cost Of Sales [Member] Cost Of Sales [Member] Operating Expense [Member] Operating Expense [Member] Employee Severance [Member] Severance [Member] Product alignment by type [axis] Product Alignment By Type [Axis] Product alignment by type [domain] Product Alignment By Type [Domain] Product Alignment By Type [Domain] Product Alignment [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Litigation Case [Axis] Litigation Case [Axis] Litigation Case Type [Domain] Litigation Case Type [Domain] Litigation Case Type [Domain] Earnings Per Share Basic Effect Of Dilutive Securities [Axis] Earnings Per Share Basic Effect Of Dilutive Securities [Axis] Earnings Per Share Basic Effect Of Dilutive Securities [Domain] Earnings Per Share Basic Effect Of Dilutive Securities [Domain] Earnings Per Share Basic Effect Of Dilutive Securities [Domain] Incremental common shares attributable to stock options that were included in diluted earnings per share (EPS). A contract that gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, either to purchase or to sell a certain number of shares of stock at a predetermined price for a specified period of time. Options [Member] Options To Purchase Common Stock [Member] Options [Member] Land [Member] Land [Member] Building Machinery Equipment And Other [Member] Building Machinery Equipment And Other [Member] Building, Machinery, Equipment And Other [Member] Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Longterm Debt Type [Domain] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Bridge Loan [Member] Bridge Loan [Member] SeniorSubordinatedNotesDue2014Member Senior Subordinated Notes Due2014 [Member] Senior Subordinated Notes, Due 2014 [Member] SeniorSecuredNotesDue2017Member Senior Secured Notes Due2017 [Member] Senior Secured Notes, Due 2017 [Member] Senior secured notes due 2017 and senior subordinated notes due 2014 [member] Senior Secured Notes Due2017 And Senior Subordinated Notes Due2014 [Member] Senior Secured Notes Due 2017 And Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2014 [Member] Seven Point Seven Five Percent Notes Due February One Two Thousand Twelve [Member] Seven Point Seven Five Percent Notes Due February One Two Thousand Twelve [Member] 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 [Member] Five Point Two Five Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Thirteen [Member] Five Point Two Five Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Thirteen [Member] 5.25% Notes due March, 2013 [Member] Six Point Five Zero Percent Notes Due February Fifteen Two Thousand Fourteen [Member] Six Point Five Zero Percent Notes Due February Fifteen Two Thousand Fourteen [Member] 6.50% Notes due February, 2014 [Member] Three Point Two Five Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Sixteen [Member] Three Point Two Five Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Sixteen [Member] 3.25% Notes due March, 2016 [Member] Five Point Seven Zero Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Seventeen [Member] Five Point Seven Zero Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Seventeen [Member] 5.70% Notes due March, 2017 [Member] Seven Point Five Zero Percent Notes Due February Fifteen Two Thousand Nineteen [Member] Seven Point Five Zero Percent Notes Due February Fifteen Two Thousand Nineteen [Member] 7.50% Notes due February, 2019 [Member] Four Point Seven Five Percent Notes Dues March One Two Thousand Twenty One [Member] Four Point Seven Five Percent Notes Dues March One Two Thousand Twenty One [Member] 4.75% Notes dues March, 2021 [Member] Seven Point Six Five Percent Debentures Due March One Two Thousand Twenty Seven [Member] Seven Point Six Five Percent Debentures Due March One Two Thousand Twenty Seven [Member] 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 [Member] Six Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Forty One [Member] Six Percent Notes Due March One Two Thousand Forty One [Member] 6.00% Notes due March, 2041 [Member] Nine Point One Three Percent Series C Senior Notes [Member] Nine Point One Three Percent Series C Senior Notes [Member] 9.13% Series C Senior Notes [Member] Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) by Income Statement Location [Axis] Income Statement And Other Comprehensive Income Location [Domain] Income Statement and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Location [Domain] Interest Expense [Member] Interest Expense [Member] Other Long Term Debt [Member] Other Long Term Debt [Member] Other Long Term Debt [Member] United States Pension Plans Of U S Entity Defined Benefit [Member] U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plan [Member] Bartram International Fund [Member] Bartram International Fund [Member] Bartram International Fund [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Component of Other Operating Cost and Expense, General [Axis] Component Of Other Operating Cost And Expense Name [Domain] Component of Other Operating Cost and Expense, Name [Domain] Psip Proceeds From Allocated Shares Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Psip Proceeds From Allocated Shares Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] PSIP Proceeds From Allocated Shares - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Psip Proceeds From Unallocated Shares Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Psip Proceeds From Unallocated Shares Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] PSIP Proceeds From Unallocated Shares - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Psip Proceeds Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Psip Proceeds Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] PSIP Total Proceeds - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Defined Benefit Plan by Plan Asset Categories [Axis] Plan Asset Categories [Domain] Plan Asset Categories [Domain] Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Equity Commingled Funds [Member] Equity Commingled Funds [Member] Equity Commingled Funds [Member] U S Government Agencies Debt Securities [Member] Government Securities [Member] Corporate Debt Securities [Member] Corporate Bonds [Member] Mortgage Backed Securities [Member] Mortgage-Backed Securities [Member] Asset Backed Securities Securitized Loans And Receivables [Member] Asset-Backed Securities And Other [Member] Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Other Commingled Funds [Member] Other Commingled Funds [Member] Other Commingled Funds [Member] Real Estate Funds [Member] Real Estate Funds [Member] Hedge Funds [Member] Hedge Funds [Member] Investments [Member] Total [Member] Receivable [Member] Receivable [Member] Receivables [Member] Payable [Member] Payable [Member] Payables [Member] Other Funds [Member] Other Funds [Member] Other Funds [Member] Corporate [Member] Corporate [Member] Corporate [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures By Healthcare Cost Trends [Axis] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures By Healthcare Cost Trends [Axis] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures By Healthcare Cost Trends [Domain] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures By Healthcare Cost Trends [Domain] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures By Healthcare Cost Trends [Domain] Prescription Drugs [Member] Prescription Drugs [Member] Prescription Drugs [Member] Medical [Member] Medical [Member] Medical [Member] Dental [Member] Dental [Member] Dental [Member] Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Defined Benefit [Member] Defined Postretirement Benefit Plans [Member] Fair Value by Asset Class [Axis] Fair Value Assets Measured On Recurring Basis Unobservable Input Reconciliation By Asset Class [Domain] Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation, by Asset Class [Domain] Money Market Funds [Member] Money Market Funds [Member] Damages From Product Defects [Member] Other Litigation and Claims [Member] Previous Cases [Member] Previous Cases [Member] Previous Cases [Member] TechnologySolutionsServicesMember Technology Solutions Services [Member] Technology Solutions - Services [Member] TechnologySolutionsSoftwareAndSoftwareSystemsMember Technology Solutions Software And Software Systems [Member] Technology Solutions - Software And Software Systems [Member] TechnologySolutionsHardwareMember Technology Solutions Hardware [Member] Technology Solutions - Hardware [Member] DistributionSolutionsDirectDistributionAndServicesMember Distribution Solutions Direct Distribution And Services [Member] Distribution Solutions - Direct Distribution And Services [Member] DistributionSolutionsDomesticPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember Distribution Solutions Domestic Pharmaceutical Distribution And Services [Member] Distribution Solutions - Domestic Pharmaceutical Distribution And Services [Member] DistributionSolutionsCanadaPharmaceuticalDistributionAndServicesMember Distribution Solutions Canada Pharmaceutical Distribution And Services [Member] Distribution Solutions - Canada Pharmaceutical Distribution And Services [Member] DistributionSolutionsMedicalSurgicalDistributionAndServicesMember Distribution Solutions Medical Surgical Distribution And Services [Member] Distribution Solutions - Medical-Surgical Distribution And Services [Member] Reportable Segments [Member] Reportable Segment [Member] Statement, Geographical [Axis] Segment Geographical [Domain] Segment, Geographical [Domain] U [S] United States [Member] International [Member] International [Member] International [Member] Corporate Headquarters [Member] Corporate Headquarters [Member] Corporate Headquarters [Member] Building And Building Improvements [Member] Building And Improvements [Member] Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis] Valuation Allowances And Reserves [Domain] Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain] Allowance For Doubtful Accounts [Member] Allowance For Doubtful Accounts [Member] Other Allowances [Member] Other Allowances [Member] Other Allowances [Member] Valuation allowances and reserves, deductions written off [Member] Valuation Allowances And Reserves Deductions Written Off [Member] Written Off [Member] Valuation allowances and reserves, deductions credited to other accounts [Member] Valuation Allowances And Reserves Deductions Credited To Other Accounts [Member] Credited To Other Accounts [Member] Deductions [Member] Deductions [Member] Deductions [Member] Current And Non-Current Receivables [Member] Current And Non Current Receivables [Member] Amounts Shown As Deductions From Current And Non-Current Receivables [Member]
begin 644 g318930chart.jpg M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$! M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0("`@("`@("`@("`P,#`P,#`P,#`P$!`0$!`0$"`0$" M`@(!`@(#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,# M`P,#`P,#`P,#_\``$0@!WP*H`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`)X``0$``@,!`0$!`0`` M```````)!@@$!0 .?(75!`' MT>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL- MXY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@# MZ/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V& M\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00! M]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(` M^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]A MO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$` M?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>P MWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8 M;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!` M'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL M-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@ M#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V M&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00 M!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH( M`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$] MAO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B>PWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$ M`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:!\B> MPWCGR%U00!]'M`^1/8;QSY"ZH(`^CV@?(GL-XY\A=4$`?1[0/D3V&\ .?(75!`'T>T#Y$]AO'/D+J@@#Z/:#Q_7^1IM);O;,ZT2/*HDK MLN-M 9ZNK,AG-)R)SBF!][0M=WD#9EE)R.G*B1 I;G[X,S3?%CHH\52[.\FR(475QLQ7"Z2VCCBLRVBY&`U'B^EY8> MKG9K1;S;0G#*+?3L,C)_$P>4U@J6+A9]V*("'^3WY(-4XSB"`)AD5Y++$+;. M.:/&5#T:N]KJS X'""&X1A0;$T T.=A8*-AR6+F0E=KZ_KTPD MHX7S HK50QG,\%-+0"Q@B4*-]H(`' MNE14#QHH3`R&+@6$R-&BH`P>`.KE(U;1&5%KY:=I;F1/E6*W/.I!%AF)'>^7 M>S868JB40W]),E-,(F17&2ELIRF^])U.-`]_Q% QF&): M_P#MH,BH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M!-6*OO:MU/L.Z!_M?WSH.O.??--S^&*]/WJF%0:T\VS515QCQ,LNW7:>'L@M MX\:[R;,ZL+KMQG;75[J ;6#2FW63G,Y:*&UR`PK(MA'V8:& M`3?3'BGP:RDQ7?19(%P3._2: 1+6>5)"V.W,7 DJ22P MM:TS098@@F:OJ^Z7'$Y;-TH:9NNFIRB2B]T%&5L2;.GEKY5RQU*NPABY="Z3 M7ND&X>D..(Y^Q#FG2'.!Y6/N:9>5"--OD;8)%:V8D`$(#ML-#&U;T>RE*(YL M-,0WDR (6+BIXUS80; 40S"]]UMD-K6%#$ M@D4$^(FM,DZF=LJ72S;@R,9MA*6&Z9#/GBX.1484+::+PVZ]=]+=3X'?8Q .*!-[]WM(-==L'QS!;G M,IV3BQQ7HN-1E1SIY@U$$X*X%I.[W(.*WKJK*V* 9&$_EZ;_`,EK M!NUV;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;F MXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=] MNKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S9*!V;FXGIJ=]NKO2?S M9*#K%KCJW'3$964L.:C?3/-.3#Y[##*.M* W3;CBY?[V_P!]N/F3 M+V_\[*5!^>V*;7HY.7WU? CDY??5]R7\)4'][8EN7M?*W''R_7 MQMT=-^SZDOHMT_R=-^^7L4"_,2V\>CIXX^7ZW3;IMT\? F__`/4OY+=%!^>V+;7HY>7WU? CDY??5]R7\)4#MBVUZ.3E]]7W)?PE0.V+;7HY.7WU? CDY? M?5]R7\)4#MBVUZ.3E]]7W)?PE0;F:9[H1=O''#QDB+FS*[)"CR67G"+\9,V1 M^?C*1V?)+!`1C#F;S@:"D9-'$XP0#7BW3;//NK9998Y6QRQRM8-N:!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*#'7?\`V3=']W5O^K3-!+K@C^YZX\/LT,?^B;H*ST"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_VO M[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4'&.?F9O]6'_`!65!(O@,^YWT'_R M6_QBZJ#E\@W_`-XN%7[9T\?N&;/4% $?+%S MB^(SQ\>7;,/F@4'_`#]N6[D)YLF-R*[0M,W/6TD`#(CP0"]X?UJV#G5P0:R` MQ&$TC01"/ELJEL$!32S@0]C8PMD ;^ L)LO :472"INA)+9A"&KFV]:Q>W=994&I 12ZLQVLBF5]VGD0OF.!F"/ M9GC)A'VI34`AL`ZU$=TSK,O3/+FPYU5=G'86WA@M6G=.;:!+$5OTX_GIHOI& M L6V M;96$U1*]S:]; @S*6.0S;1KHDV.1C MR>AKDR(X7($2 R]?69+BOKQ-JZI%@@'BM%GDJ,EH^ZN_ID5'> M-GWABA8%L2N%\@I=KF_]EC;UW5A)ZO\`*RPYH U@2C:44%M/@AG[E&Q#]VA$C=BYP8R*#[H%"6 M2ZW][F^84"QSY.S .'QA M&1PFGA[FRPH/0$' 1[;.[)=#C8DQMN M>GH`%N6GR\QTV$B!D'3EMPMLZ1B6.)@645D`DW:ZKID>BGE$ZCJ)H7XXB$ ULC;3:!][`,N(6%LK\I R#@:$ M99!\=VR)R34E%AE' 8J)(#UUS@DM"I52MO;**QO!M$Q MEZ*DD4X&8 N/#[-#'_HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^ M]4PJ"G5`H%`H%`H%!QCGYF;_`%8?\5E02+X#/N=]!_\`);_&+JH.7R#?_>+A M5^V=._[AFSU!7*@4"@4"@4"@_E\ RSRO>]_P#;>_308'&L8L6'VD78L ?CJ.6,JAL\=RNK.QS'CF6%Q+AA9&+X!XX!XXX8AGF...&-L YRN+E?,6^6/1T7N)GE M>^7^^]^F]!^KXXY7QOECC>^&7=87O:U[XY7QRPOEC>__``Y=QE>W3;_9>]J# M^T"@CWQ"?\?*-_&$W3_]O%U!82@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@QUW_`-DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N M>N/#[-#'_HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^]4PJ"G5`H% M`H%`H%!QCGYF;_5A_P`5E02+X#/N=]!_\EO\8NJ@Y?(-_P#>+A5^V=._[AFS MU!7*@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@CWQ"?\?*-_&$W3_\`;Q=06$H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H,==_]DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N>N/#[-#'_`*)N@K/0*":L5?>U;J?8 M=T#_`&O[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H/%>83;?8'5M$AB\:R46UKBEX&',))FU) M^$QYP2F*ZD=VQ.DL*-ELF;RS9 $=5-6).:3.@*=%:0WIK.WYSV2CM\A":XI+5EN?8?B`9SP^V1%8P_9` M6Y-3Y(N 9'"P',&U,QB7+%U$/%]JN41_L/::>(8C:4X`B9'U:.0:@N M G& M3'+*LFLI:DQ%8,9P,2CXFI`(T>(KWC 6$$B#F862Y8BFX'Q[AC#8@ M84&BT;[[[G;6XMF/()(:^Q+,D "$4,&,AQ;!675N &;V;[:24Y#"`*>L"7Q.BHAE1S*Y#6#PQ%N%W=L;6O:U![> K;B+)/ BVS!+%54TUHN!7.$$VYTP&#[>+A@%[:)AAW7=98VN%X MJ">FQ^R>]T82:;:L` -!X)MCN5RG1,^7$W-9N($QLT MRTMR!IR!)QC=^!HP)NU`R2L36:X`R5I+478@B8J6=RUP#N.-[6#OGTWMGC0; M0:FSQN',2DYRNSVARAIXG)**D'6XK'=EH?GC%W*YT84-4102$9!X'$.R.#AB M)[I.6QP'[ON @\'7]N^2Y.D!9;:'Q#KCC8Y%X'T1)DC'>K61)+KC4+K M0I$D]L6H>_\`\@3@E!(QQ/=[QL?=@5L_: T,,5 MJN2.XRVJ^,WR,FF9(3E5,51#&9[N%640CB9`.&,@W`2H^V?VCV&W3 @ZLL\1PQ-*C>4D)Q*M\"P^."2XAG M")[ XKS%&B$TH9UBV$FU6U[=FQNRFM+NG5407'%F9 M3-D.N!5QE`KJTCI"*>0R(1U15_ 4` M=S1]CMOX^#UH6G^X57-GZ[LG2.8),AI*/ZYF%90:Y/-L*+>8[FP7PTKW \9 M.=LP3JW%FQD@FI@1'R_I*E@Q*>Z>T,/+C2PD`&2$,JSDU-9$4@9)ZB.GK`P! M^V&.0(A;'(*@YDS `>*PHW5HU"$%" MQ3E K.!P+M%WYJ"03-YN=K`!*Z^&` MW%[(7W41PQ/G;8EA ;3ORFH5\-J!VB''_P"/-IWY34*^&U`[1#C_`/'FT[\IJ%?#:@=H MAQ_^/-IWY34*^&U`[1#C_P#'FT[\IJ%?#:@=HAQ_^/-IWY34*^&U`[1#C_\` M'FT[\IJ%?#:@=HAQ_P#CS:=^4U"OAM0.T0X__'FT[\IJ%?#:@=HAQ_\`CS:= M^4U"OAM0.T0X_P#QYM._*:A7PVH':( ;3ORFH5\-J!VB' M'_X\VG?E-0KX;4#M$./_`,>;3ORFH5\-J!VB''_X\VG?E-0KX;4#M$./_P`> M;3ORFH5\-J!VB''_`./-IWY34*^&U`[1#C_\>;3ORFH5\-J!VB''_P"/-IWY M34*^&U`[1#C_`/'FT[\IJ%?#:@=HAQ_^/-IWY34*^&U`[1#C_P#'FT[\IJ%? M#:@=HAQ_^/-IWY34*^&U`[1#C_\`'FT[\IJ%?#:@=HAQ_P#CS:=^4U"OAM0. MT0X__'FT[\IJ%?#:@=HAQ_\`CS:=^4U"OAM0.T0X_P#QYM._*:A7PVH':( ;3ORFH5\-J!VB''_X\VG?E-0KX;4#M$./_`,>;3ORFH5\- MJ!VB''_X\VG?E-0KX;4#M$./_P`>;3ORFH5\-J#H73R%:"&&PXP`-X]/11AD M%8"""PV8A;+,001/,88888V>U[Y9997M:UK?RWH->N".W1P]<>'3['_QH8U_ M_/`W>W_G:@K/0*":L5?>U;J?8=T#_:_OG0=> VV MEXLGYNQ=$7((SV6RMOV@OQ!9^O4P4:C#QB%9 .]_$ MARDT\0H$I$@0S-Q@Q@_:KQMNXS(+F;"5.B*F:;OO;)@[JO*#1HP,J$F#RPP% MUBOP-AHDO"/T)$3X9= SNAZ= M6CL!&Z%LG!#GV#3&6X7%!ZRL1.XH%GM03?;HD?K!1I;;KG/K;3(,QJFP7"0 &*AAKRB\8$I0PD,11U@VF(,B5Q(%D>`9VD>48;QD8M)P4K M2X[)[7IF;+2;\AQ\68\JM67Y+=:HB%QS:L@XE5[(D;*F,"P`M@IU! YQ M$SI0,X7Q%RM@+;"V>%LK]%[=-Z#^*+#8RNJH2ZK,QIJBVURA]/;* MPHMU'.JK=(*I6Q%4)(2@9)BFT@HI$;>TCAE\P\!@OYF=KX^Q0=NDH2(@`BED M)'2D4N.("*.`DIY1.!&%+$2:67$%")@@X""%TQ.+E\+WM>^```8=NC##&U@X M#@9K/=HR(8=34;;F';*L`O-L=P(26LC-]=+6O8LM(@BB5,YI2L7M?^89`N&- MA_LRM0?L)HM0!SFGL"V&\"\SR2"@'7 -Q1 5[A_B783%)N%5=Q1EM,JZUW M$/%; * C>/&B M53R+483+;!%(LLXI)-O-9#12J99Q"@#N"R>732)8$E9='+!YG/:[8^ZLP\;B M=U?&W0&4)R POM0>0N=\ 3)"G@30.SNX_O$7TZ\F2%/`F@=G=Q_>(OIUY,D M*>!-`[.[C^\1?3KR9(4\":!V=W']XB^G7DR0IX$T#L[N/[Q%].O)DA3P)H'9 MW 3)"G@30.SNX_O$7TZ\F2%/`F@=G=Q_>(OIUY,D*>!-`[.[C^\1? M3KR9(4\":!V=W']XB^G7DR0IX$T#L[N/[Q%].O)DA3P)H'9W 3)"G M@30.SNX_O$7TZ\F2%/`F@=G=Q_>(OIUY,D*>!-`[.[C^\1?3KR9(4\":!V=W M']XB^G7DR0IX$T#L[N/[Q%].O)DA3P)H'9W 3)"G@30.SNX_O$7TZ M\F2%/`F@=G=Q_>(OIUY,D*>!-`[.[C^\1?3KR9(4\":!V=W']XB^G7DR0IX$ MT#L[N/[Q%].O)DA3P)H'9W 3)"G@30.SNX_O$7TZ\F2%/`F@=G=Q_ M>(OIUY,D*>!-`[.[C^\1?3KR9(4\":!V=W']XB^G7DR0IX$T#L[N/[Q%].O) MDA3P)H'9W 3)"G@30.SNX_O$7TZ\F2%/`F@=G=Q_>(OIUY,D*>!-` M[.[C^\1?3KR9(4\":!V=W']XB^G7DR0IX$T#L[N/[Q%].O)DA3P)H'9W 3)"G@30.SNX_O$7TZ\F2%/`F@=G=Q_>(OIUY,D*>!-`[.[C^\1?3KR9( M4\":"!O/W,VJ?$%! G)!!/9ZBY`SA&[; M:1,P*=,&"=L/^8)W&(=K]&-[WZ ER!Y6XFN-V*42.X&49 53RJ1D%A,W%(.%7&UCQ3O>,4>`HUQ,+X"8"`86_G8Y7[D/K$[.[ MC^\1?3KR9(4\":!V=W']XB^G7DR0IX$T#L[N/[Q%].O)DA3P)H'9W 3)"G@30=$Z>/30,LV7&8`T;T\"'`0E N"._3P]<>'3[/\`\:&-;_RP-VM_Y6H*ST"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_VO M[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4'&.?F9O]6'_`!65!(O@,^YWT'_R M6_QBZJ#E\@W_`-XN%7[9T[_N&;/4% _2(/AC;+*P:H?+ORO[>"9%= ]L;*3(T]BYT!(;150 @5,Z; M=S ;3,)IY(,$3;0C?7=JJ4 M90S#R#DHB!F\14L@,HY>UW"'-#XY=.(9]PU_Z=UB\/\`/TESTV=HG=.2A(T/ M'8A%;:[&"*Q2"43//1GO,1 YC)TV&,SPP,`>Y"#M@/GE>^5[8VL'T>4 M"@4"@QUW_P!DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N>N/#[-#'_HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/ M]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^]4PJ"G5`H%`H%`H%!QCGYF;_5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_ M`,EO\8NJ@Y?(-_\`>+A5^V=._P"X9L]05RH)Y[(;QRM`LFFH^:7'-O#LJC%T M9(50I1@=)U^/1\='4PA!#".6&D">V"YL5-'S#]K,XBIH0=L[VN'D)A>V5P\% M[4J?/0T ;;?DB^MQ'RSX$VGUG;VG"8PSJ/`CTAG35S(:[ MBJL-'?\`FJ[ U7R!+F310( 2%+(($42^.-S!0J/?&UK MB`A9].&(9`E\GT\J*FG)XO#KR=IH9\^3)"**@@:F!$$\,T8#`S.G1,-K!,PR MA3$2X@F5L;WMAC>]K7H/4]R]AU?3688EV)?+L6OJNN&.9@B64&A QC%PO4!AN1DV#L-W*BK+J&6PPN+[7;(-*Q-^=E=7R43QO)1 M-LS&^T0QJR>VU]TD))4W3'C[W?G(%&'8HSR1&RG0W%"+$@#\+$V@G*"@L*SF M3$T('(LGVR".F`_L' Z MKC9&@@[1@SZ_@87Y:WBYW8N.@U`,^;0)D 3::6R6">[HBEC+$!-J83^NIL)&= MCM7Y_7'`@:)X[@8O0*QM&)M)0]UFDX=O9IV5_=1O,;%0L8"OC @72A8=+2>19GNSD(%8#JV-!E5AK2U* 4P1W"LCZ[CN1.EL (&$TR:&.H@:B M92\].406+%,F\'&D2$3.ZK[5/AKM!(D@^?;P[62(ULW3F";D9)AC&6VB(H)H M?)0R$'P+AZ]L3R);):\I;I9*@F:I2!/,=-27)3>+7B=4FZ2A;1E&;&C=Y%SS MH8S 0'Y(.#_F366+MIE1ZOQ#;* D-FJ"/?$)_Q\HW\83=/_V\74%A*!0* M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!08R\7HSH[;2 MN\Y`=C98S/;Y00^O.QXKR6V6TB$0K=(IU775HT22TTH';_B$&%PPM_MO02@5 M>7MH2^I'V?QO:\3%R+.LH;&3#,AQF6*Q=J"VU(`3(( `EQXJAE[V[N MX;0`=IS/''*V`-\[=S0 #=C'7>-5''I'U "#DL[=-D MN0=PGX2,S8Y+BE\[@'@VJG,DN+_.[C.^-\;V#>/5_1;4;3%'.)6M$"L&+S2O M?(1S/!/31%F2WL:$SL*.??TJ.8=:D9]J)@;I$S'5E0X)?.][]/LT&V-`H%`H M%`H%!CKO_LFZ/[NK?]6F:"77!']SUQX?9H8_]$W05GH%!-6*OO:MU/L.Z!_M M?WSH.O.??--S^&*]/WJF%04ZH%`H%`H%`H., H*Y4"@4'B3\UIUTE)_LR5Y,@6&Y#E".L MB^;`D5[QFS'4^&5D3.Y*1+)K.E XN' U\WPPSC3(AJ18/>VS;I?Q=2E%OPHP8M0Y65L4"#W0Q%8_*2DCNM01VNG M$8\?3C;>9, ",8Q_Y8 E:Y-:;"Y;VZ;W@WPHX2)(3BBT.5/" M#R4KD;@.%*`7C14N.-FHYA6/"@A""7$R#PRQ#PR26/QUHSRBR>%^"H#?;SVD MEI*B9HS*U8M8#X4WL\Y`9+L*8'EM]IQ$R(?1%1FM,^0-G\S`X>1>V)?/NL,N MBP>[H)C3VZ2X%MLGM X!2,Y@&+H^/M.(GN>W _)S6UUNG-%A) M*%#ETMK2$KK+%9R>29N1-`E1K**JYU]1:R"7PN$FOQN*JD=4#@A4+`^4''&& M$OAEGGE 8F)-)14DN43B!?VT7+.^(0>-KYY997Z;WO> MX9101[XA/^/E&_C";I_^WBZ@L)0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0 M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#2+:'D9TUT^4DUJS9-:$4E)PVQP:$$L0@M2KL"]C0H?= ME"K2A&-DYT24K^[ -\ND0;#&U\K!J-]8+E9V\Q%+:S:O-+C^B #B^'@FYV_\`YR;>]NXR#)V= MP\P*Y'*B2=O'(DM\D,P(QH-53U?:] "*=-`D280ITZ*`6#$-G3`8(6-\K7$% M$QPQZ -KAMGVJ_&)Z1+2#RIX0\-Z!VJ_&)Z1+2#RIX0\-Z!V MJ_&)Z1+2#RIX0\-Z!VJ_&)Z1+2#RIX0\-Z!VJ_&)Z1+2#RIX0\-Z!VJ_&)Z1 M+2#RIX0\-Z" @NQ#CC%12-ON)B=60SDEVA&F',&[K2@60V8^58PB7;T MH0SLI$IA\/\`9)LLFE#9%91RY0G92`S+#AG@ABE@1PT%-$M6U5^1ZZY&Y>]$ M)P5#L?ZCMB2'X[.09H-APLA;UKE-RR$:.-HF`3=#QF`` KYKI M"ZBL"J'NT8,(,VR>>H)*-TN/"FYO"6NJ,2R"TWZSY:7MJHY#ES8P9L;S1;M> M9(2TY+(YX**`W>UV& #XLKND^&>PR)$P1`#(> `VXCPW(.S8>SLA$W1B4V#1[$RP;>3$M/]L/K^-E1U=_G.1(F M@,2(&&8=@J[L=M_QJRB!JBF1GR(\=C*0-?-GV'-2FBB;.PLBIF3-:;'DQM&D M)IIR"XAR0"N(?>I &]`[5?C$](EI!Y4\(>&]`[5?C$](EI!Y4\(>&] M`[5?C$](EI!Y4\(>&]`[5?C$](EI!Y4\(>&]`[5?C$](EI!Y4\(>&]`[5?C$ M](EI!Y4\(>&]!J;PGO5G20U>2-_1XZVX^F,\.6W U!:N@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4" M@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@QYV.YIL)NJ[P?+G;S,:2`3%4%UT.Q:36ZW45/! MMTC'E=;6#)-,3285O^(487##'_;>@DXL UC96[G.P;NZO:':A:9)Y\MK=`K%CA76^[R=+\")&''*SX,"YV%'./Z7'::7 MI+?!PP/TB9"*JJ;O[9E>]NCIO0; N/#[-#'_HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^ M]4PJ#3_F_A868LX&&2BL$3DM,!%>BT-I3.SH-M\K*R`YI>UK:!N:8_""2G*B MC/J)E-1*MKW2N))I))I3_.Y>Z"1C('(8/,9XQ3Y*XO=.Y8@B2MB(0AF)9\U+ M8PFO"R\4QPKBVYFWR"PM!*TQ)@EDV.[GB_&9$R@DKR:G%4Q N- M"E4Y!+*`IUUO8Z/A8H)DB$L#H QKS/1 M+KA&JU@[W*24$F%!MDM?X(3] UW%3PA`@D_JXV&YN"K)4-;2OUZOR(-?=(ME M5J!U1?D]UD#PP;3WUV9@!#V(N[DY=3E9?DF,(0AAE`)+K-F3*@E]]13P0^`R MB(,*%]^/607[+&AVF4G2D RNI8]PHKKE 79V,N,?3IALOBKW$ MF]JMF+ (/J?FH[RB Q_'&N.F47`GJSWE^^H LVG4X=,. M&@S8Y@0D2"OCW&'MV65[!W"3W%CSG_ZA+:^9)%C&)UN^XZW:*S"PKI2I%4!! MJ4.-X)Y-),/RXU6Z&Y=;$AZ.5/%50TPNFJ;BLGY74O;A2XOM-N@+X-R&9-=S MM290WCXIN5CDBE)),`J::-M7+^AQB!VDM6Z,AC, -L %S M?(`(=&5`1!LY'TF[D(,0B/AF+E[7LT.)>P>-[W_FX9Y>Q[&-[^Q09CP26Z.' MKCP]GI_^,[&O['_YP-WO;_P_DH*S4"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_P!K^^=!UYS[YIN? MPQ7I^]4PJ#8[;'2C6_=AH(3.V'CXN[0&FLAKK0 [0.YF4\57#:ST0 MAR+B0B#H*)H915+ES&`1\I:V`N-\L`L@P]$&UT@L:(FM`?R5,L"%V2)'PS2C M,DC%T]HMX6*G0@/6.\TM)(V+@% [(DA`)JP60P*4^HW S;=J"M)CN;2V[#;N5,#^9`\6Q,E5`P6SQN6%S"N'7R1 MH'II+3,C"/'YKQ':JR(8;9EDQBV4]/--A+:;"/D4M-5XZ)@-4ZB7-QNX""(2 M"5&Z:N.BJF!0&QLJ-[5AW(;:D2)%+(DTQ,)E4Y-3BI ]3_P!K' /&W)CKE_42&UJ.W^]6*8C M=P+*K*4G/L,TT#:^A. D6S_#!0LEI:(L`*;P2#[>/!I:*; M'`NI%#A2XQ'$ N/#[-#'_HFZ"L M]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^]4PJ"G5`H%`H%`H%!QCGYF;_ M`%8?\5E02+X#/N=]!_\`);_&+JH*^T"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4$KMB^4Q@,J35C5S4*- MW-OANDG8X`*T'PHI)P#)AT8U?+`HL;13N?Q,1W`C?P$QOW8!T4VOC7MCB`F" MW$PO0>3M;C&E#:YPH4O Z4^Z^SU,0- MR[2/%&%]G!;>_=)^.>>>)=(!P[B]@LVF)B:BIJ>C(R>124A))%4U+2DPH`03 M4U.(@8%B1!/(E0PBI,D3+!8AA!!XXAAX8VQQM:UK6H.=0*!0*!0*!0*!0=*X MG(W6>A*CH=J\BM=M(9,516W$XE0BB(2.G@6[H A27SUK?\)3.]KVH.DPUSY5MM>@UM)MBU-$8L/Y=V+`/'V#=S3*; M2Q;^V8)KUW,EQMW.HZJ%;_ECY,EGHN7LW]I4/8L)D'HR#PN\=+89BNWD*"S! M!^+:ZAO(YLOE(4B']OPI!;1JR@@2&F[5JCG/3DD.Q)4>D8+,JM`E.C/,'(O C95Y2DZ7)-*M],D. G[U3"H* M=4"@4"@4"@4'&.?F9O\`5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_P`EO\8NJ@K[0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0:; M;?;[ZR:0(*&>G)\F+/1[&.]L5PC'Z&IR//LRKV>=P2R!%$/M0%0>;P.CF^Y! MS'"+X)Y3//&YHR!A?N[!H#>)N1WDJOB=V) 4',X@:_-E>(Y8V--EEY&E^P0PQ4XL`YV[F@JAKIK%K]J/&:5#NMD2 MLR'8Y1\LQP6XS4K`G8^H"XXV-+CB51\S*XZW*H7QM !L;#NB MA5LPC&2 -[].8V&-LLK!J=EL3RL[:WR*ZOZI-#0R*C^ M5L`9\Y`!;NR:CB8->V&:DRM-8B _,N3-R220G&@50F3V76R)771KJ^%^ZS,,'46/RC:@-$*WO_`,'? M5+7CV-K6[HWG>W305@;S V"X]/1[%!*PYRWA3F8,M[C3U4FW?92]M$)AS(4)9:^:9I1H+.X)D4]LU+ MJ8G$7H"0R_YF6#)178(-A:]@[]U?'I#CWTIY"MK/:SN].]!N%6`=PZ3VK7&Z M`LP^ACE\[=&22^MLGGBI;!/,`P7RN" U;J?8=T#_:_OG0=> 09!4FTVEEGH#N>ADD(?14)$:366)`0R9@V?4"OMY]6)E" MN(YHP&% `=;,_(AJW`LAN*-Y!=+RQ48_+ MLPY,;H:L4R8^(V@(C(N5K,,]/,DM%JK#+B .$@-V'E!U`1O(1N'42;'@W2+N:4)+\U%6T+&"+ M+#D;2J4-%$0PJ!FA+G2I>]K&S98`4/1M@-GXIUL*LO&0!7DL.:2EU0;D;QQ% M\>/:690?JJB(9UT./%K1]'J&X7,HD&NV$TPH*9SW/@3(E@[>VBXB"@X"!X>] M.2_3YFLF+I!!D!RO]LR[&Z_-+6%B.*Y2E973X49XB67?$OO9M,1GKCC8#`8Q MU9+%% +9B%SJ ]^BUK6]F][WO[%K6M02!E MKE2#?,@N;6WC/B;/?#8]MG1$-].Q#7[-C3O7=4MTAF,Y[V2#*J3?$7TGI]MN MT6O@M.4W[2(! V>Y51&4"BFG&?:A,@A?:#I(4 V-B9N.(P*KIQG]W>_YRXAD M @U^L_N83;T/&T:1;$W%Q$:CET8/W83-'V@V_/I(O3F`HH$%, M-;)0+%ZF*#T6N&XG.YARV=[>VD+W[K#$,ZCCAYU7(NY)EG:!2D_D$G5),8J" M?*&Z[N^5U+;"C?+V[,2-82L11X`BXH`:_GE N/#[-#'_`*)N@K/0 M*":L5?>U;J?8=T#_`&O[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H-6>;Y)9>;2B!S/2.ME4+ MXOYJ9=K[@:O".Y9=4%+JO*L$7-1H^V$R6\[#KG8DSI" *W5TE7;MG,TDLN M9+XFS1`2@_DN1AL!//&9`+YG>&C[WW-2I?U0N(M&(D0R,Y)T6I_(/!KK-KRZ MW6T0.CQFX'!";(2G(_D=+R+)R8?*FPQ0@P"6.`0=-OU-)^4M@7UI>[H)VM8> MHN9./UG9V6H5TPV'F)>W-&64U..WU^8\@1/&SB;#1BE/;)0BFOURG#@RT?*B MB-Y+")X!G%$(//G0R)2L!/&DH,-S*-*TO\N,9;7LN3$^+WB9B$+7/+9*#MHE M28E.: H&XQJ)M M@%*$8F2=X]9I)R3('E%Q/EAN]YK\069DE@Q4W6NLR0OQ>\E"`U-*(.)*2SA$ MP$M)AFV?N$Y WXUH]2G(9CYS2!'&QJ.4#,*?N5!*JZ"=)G3I?(`+VP+AZ$Q*](%T MAU$A.1\ 6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^ MI7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5OTU MJWZO+5+\M0/J5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I M?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5OTUJWZO+5+\M0/J5 M\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5OTUJWZO+5+\M0/J5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y M:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?* MWZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5OTUJWZO+5+\M0/J5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J M\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H M'U*^5OTUJWZO+5+\M0/J5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^ MFM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5OTUJWZO+ M5+\M0/J5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!] M2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4&A.W *S>CMR\V\D3!L>_0[_`"6ZE:_\:6JTG['2 M0+?&^00Z8PTHYC9J-F_ 1#9]OBWS M$L(9,VOA@$&\43\9G(-`[!;T50GRS(T3QHTB>)!LL2/^-'4%L-A%*X^SE@22 MDOV@"PP^?3F,-G;, 6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K? MJ\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6 MH'U*^5OTUJWZO+5+\M08X[]7.2V/FRM/1^\ZQ9D,YN$15-PNQWZ':?MILH*: M!:UQU!:7EE0)):61!M?^>*.*&'C_`+;T'S1\BD[;R;)QPA-:"-_Y1W\U0;DJ M-T;8&>U[02.X5X_VT8('LDYGC2A+[4:B]GL'"Z$]C1 %8W1&`X(V:4MJ`49^[SS[7$0L0`RQ[RDE$(0SE;$N%V]?>(/ -N,33YNW5C(6-\;*+B4R]\EIT+`G3>XAU2,FS8M[WOF)E>@] M[^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5O MTUJWZO+5+\M0/J5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y M:I?EJ!]2OE;]-:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H'U*^5OTUJWZO+5+\M0/ MJ5\K?IK5OU>6J7Y:@?4KY6_36K?J\M4ORU`^I7RM^FM6_5Y:I?EJ!]2OE;]- M:M^KRU2_+4#ZE?*WZ:U;]7EJE^6H.E NJ@ M?MX&!$?(4'VS`>V>'MN%KX]-O9MT^Q09OP2='8]<>'1;H_\`C.QO]O3[-L#= MKW_\;^S05FH%!-6*OO:MU/L.Z!_M?WSH.O.??--S^&*]/WJF%04U'``,AW!, M@A&` 9CL/.-C-I\AFT!.8Q];+%2I-SDCY,CGWQ"QSR%##L+E;&V/=6QZ;7")_ M"MRL VD) M[KF3GQ+8JJP74@$HMD(9+E1#88-[!]INH.@6LFD22X+0HRSQJ0GX-B?EF>I* M7E*2MA)H6[YXCC+ ^24[X6AHP0%OE MW"]$.O`) 5LKAD3,XC&$_G.C2KR*S1(7) M!+*.?#6D1#FHHF-?5*/%?"]L@Q8OU`:60 0(%0L0"I(D2+!A%BI0L!AC@&&'CC MAAA:UK6M:U!_N7+ER@(9 ]\KV#"#QQPPM>][W]BW\ MMZ#_`&H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!CKO_LFZ/[NK?\`5IF@EUP1_ 'V: M&/\`T3=!6>@4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\TW/X8KT_>J85!3J@4"@4"@4 M"@XQS\S-_JP_XK*@D7P&? ZUQM_J"]EPH-7\%XOQX: M"O)Y)\A34R54-* 3L7+%C%S[BR?1 M@6,F;!N=QP\%6B_%G+#VF?5T.8;/5_QX/&"Z)(TB`NU*Q:YER-]UCX$4XLWD M3`!0S5FR4O8?+(2^(>.6.-K=WETA9.@4"@4"@U&VGWNU.TO3$HWL3,S:92\Y ML\2S'C UBZF"9=&*E&FGR`M_%2.C>6.-[A M#R$O9& UK6MTWH M/'(WV/UXF-;5&S$,\PQ*CD0R0BDM-^-Y18[X6T=.".`IXJ@J)387%0^GD@SY M@,#(44/`.PV>.%[]U>UKA[/0*!0*#'7?_9-T?W=6_P"K3-!+K@C^YZX\/LT, M?^B;H*ST"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_VO[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4' M&.?F9O\`5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_P`EO\8NJ@K[0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!01^W[GJ5IKE=`XNM-78?: Y'STKU25#`J8INHH=MB(5+;"S/[6.BQ^FY7]TE[Y&5L2P) 4'4S69Z!0T: ]\R)8T52P_P"0(J'C:V-@WCH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!J3/F_&D>K5S( M&Q6V>O,-*12W2(WW_+3)0'8+?N+B>UDV@:6,70H#=Q;I[@`H)GT?[*#IM3-_ MM8]XC#[RUF .6-LKA]-\L0W(A6.=OU2!9!9>W =ALQ]O-MYMD9OBC]`5LLLHT;CH8\2XE MLO:K=!:R#8KC:_1B':W1T!LEJ=Q8Z!Z-/Y;E#5/7!M0\_'$S#D>*K@1W+("X M,(R#[A2W6 YMT4%`:!0*!08Z[_P"R M;H_NZM_U:9H)= @4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\T MW/X8KT_>J85!3J@4"@4"@4"@XQS\S-_JP_XK*@D7P&? `R%$,5(W=K[R M6L\@BZ:CELL;BX&#!:V8 ;'29EW;'814+>TKDS32 MN@!X*9XL%GC;-"CIFD\ =!ZF .B7O\`SA;T&R-`H%`H%`H%`H%!K]+. MV6K4"&R*?.&R,$0^I*9XDF)B9)DML)CJBDHJ)H$D0(IZ:Y%Y-/'C9LT8PPP# M"#SRRRRM[%!YIM=NPT]3C;*1%&"]LY\=\@EULTV&?JWKH_)J4,@&^(G!*`CA M [RP[K`//+$/!H Z?:L,2RBL).'LY=T);HZ;!FNSF MN^_,TR9;*%.05,U)@:S?2BIAL1]JW'TDS4IK^(IKOZ=^566W(Y6DAIQH'(*Q M7`LU,AP+XY=(F5^C*@_>L''J1UTDH:975M_O/M')1ENJ;;$-['[#JKBCXB26 M#!,T?$0839".PX?1S7MQ+#V@;%%$,%L;Y6#$MTWO0;!HVH.J#>DITS.AZSP( MER^^%H5QO"5" Q:UK4']H%`H%`H%`H%!CKO\`[)NC^[JW M_5IF@EUP1_ 'V:&/_`$3=!6>@4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\TW/X8K MT_>J85!Y/RV[PS1J$6@]"C%ZQ%`J%*QES]_]E9X8[A?D;MAPMIVQ,DMF(P2: M6Z&0VT)W24C/A:5PE%?5RA+!'::B$6P%/"@9EPS'8G>/9C7?7/69^GM>6;)$ MA2@\M>6S-4@QP_2:EJ]%J)*TX11#RF\&VY%=11G\_17EG)8!IHI">1,YV"SS M'4#>) NX+DB6-XG +=C)Q;(A/90=@$HR;=V,M/F*0 MT:&CJ*:!:K0-1A"*TGJH`ZR55 3>'(C'SZ.G'5 M'%1+B7`(Y!M-M-/\UM.8->=9M;4>,!9@GI)F-^F7C,H+H5(]CV,(,3F7@Z%0 MVV&4K-YR.EQ.-WR "`$9-'!1!/ MWIG:NO T63O(NM` G")X_E9(1E$4(=11"3]:R6Y@D1 M1'!QP!&4$?OE[F'RPM;#(4+*^/L=%![` TGTI6>S93E$D/\;W1G @?+M"'SR15UAM'X7H'R[0A\\D5=8;1^%Z!\NT(?/)%76&T?A M>@DURY\W SPDD27G'?Q5CR7VDA*#>Q#:ZTY XEK]&.0:H 2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZ MPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0 M^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"] M`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK M#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA# MYY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T M#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL M-H_"]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/ MGDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T'D 4!022 @"0F/R27? MR5[KO^+6_M).+ &$W*RM8#*77YGB"N2*K88X" M&%?,--"L$4(8X"!7#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]!IGN3R$M.!4>*VI":E"TM3I/3_/1 M]'*.\9M;+`BAFDV\R'3),@2Q-#_*X.(XUXTCID,\V9,V)D3:BIGQ2B>5#]M- M6$#"2L.\_DM3)(C]UAAR$= :9$TEHKN7'') *&N 5YX)+SRG'8PH6$QQO;-UKX"4/;NK9H^.-^YH*L18M MZ>P:QT2,H87M @]"^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_" M]`^7:$/GDBKK#:/PO0/EVA#YY(JZPVC\+T#Y=H0^>2*NL-H_"]`^7:$/GDBK MK#:/PO0>137OCI7KDT!WW..U4"1JUPO;,0C[DE!H@&%(8+&V69-#2"ZH86G" MH]SE:]BQ$N8,9=/L87H/%TWD;B6=M5%/8C25Q1C-RZLA'@(F9LOR$;U@37L X05HFZ)]4]HH)CR"MDMGCDA)C0R:J@[G.R]E!]?%^7'"WFP X;];#Q5:AJ#=(FL MZ"0^)HL^3X (OM]C=Y(?2BY7V(;N-_/N+DHY"7S]F]^GV:"@'R[0A M\\D5=8;1^%Z!\NT(?/)%76&T?A>@?+M"'SR15UAM'X7H'R[0A\\D5=8;1^%Z M!\NT(?/)%76&T?A>@?+M"'SR15UAM'X7H'R[0A\\D5=8;1^%Z!\NT(?/)%76 M&T?A>@?+M"'SR15UAM'X7H'R[0A\\D5=8;1^%Z!\NT(?/)%76&T?A>@?+M"' MSR15UAM'X7H'R[0A\\D5=8;1^%Z!\NT(?/)%76&T?A>@Z!USE"8K6 G[U3"H.SY&]?MLIO9;>QUA>T8'RQ M 5TDY(T6O))=H[G1L@G&VW5&XK",AX%LL#R6M(ZRH%!B^) MFY,R"&,%..E81>.Z*](4:2$#%884GPC)Q]XX-(RD,W$>/MO&?M0ZFDR6036# M8S28X5D4VWFJF^[3&"(E8D0 #+9Y*)WLK0@ DTF;FL?>)Y-@XTW*-.9%XL]YL&7%*%&\I@*P+$S MC5XS;&Q%=&6!P J))+6+QPTE,96)>WIYQ23CH&!(N6/89 ME`UG:W&OLMKP09CGU@GJ)S$R."`9,@[8=T3''SFR:CE -YF MN'`^E+S$EB87=F0;*@ $8 MK844H2DI8A8J:JF,)KIC9*JRG8"V(%E-5#3?=!CN+6P]N$R[FUK=%!ZV =\ BUJ"HG8^ J'"B6T1G>SQ&LM)'Q6'4(U0"RH.$$LG2QNP)C'," M^0/==..>-ND)A:3_`.B[;C0?CY'WXG%LR_&:M'9U'9*;`"B^&`]VM(PSA;QH MD[\U=QHYA#.IA)MDU(K T_S@Y =[=(9JBN6#F ?Q\TQV/U7 M.(I[#.W38=%(R9$9'%0P$QM?/'"QZU^Y_DO>]!ZPKJ?&G'B`6.S1_I=-E&6O M!>X0UU/8?&QKC/+;3AAL;6/F$YYQ2[ULFJI">-;*UAA"Y,R-AT9V+6Z;VQ#" MBVY/^E>2#A5,F71**]9U0R(&# M9BP>/^W+H]F@WK3&S_I:5@LB'$XAPI&"[B,"DT?/V[4`+(R;`"#&&*"!#C!# M$C(08N-\@Q\0L[7RM;HZ?8H-JV'QX\'$IX!"QCJ+QIR,&/T>TB,.+-=G?@-T MV[JWM6;?3%'$3IQMTVZ.GV*#U3L?.*;T N$0%BA0H6#R&,&C1@9KX`ERY > M>=[8X8VO>][6M01TU5XT-!>17:$?;YJ:.:Q1YQTP&:=C#U6;;8@>/FH%N])- MQ1&\_P#9J004YOD\G%KVSS)(9)CQ(-8B%U@[@:71L ]_9O>^M42>S_`/ZK0:'[CP7P7:;"M=D+O&_JE,&R$G6%+PIJ;"&J,2OS M8"65&W=X8#I+0)-K#!KLPH('EDH.5 Z>@M\L"=U+@J)84CQ MK-P91-DTV,X*9J`=;:&N+)]5%'6%T^;55I1O@`#[H!*@!E[!MEV/G%-Z.+2? MR:HD\%:!V/G%-Z.+2?R:HD\%:!V/G%-Z.+2?R:HD\%:!V/G%-Z.+2?R:HD\% M:!V/G%-Z.+2?R:HD\%:!V/G%-Z.+2?R:HD\%:#!C/&7PN$GXEQ6 746.#,+0*`_%=$2\0\U-92V@*B8.$^E)V`V%QS`1?,$&V=KYY6Z;4$X)C MUHUB-2P^(,T[_P!-O#$O.!C+F3;6IYV%A37O5G58(W QEGB&RVK'"U!?>)\J&\^D_$RO+KJR2@F='VK6EB(S MVO%B:$54P%TF-*#['47O):JM9FBV>)_-,0/ W(7#R]L%6Y U[9B"NN6!7@N@X9]/L@@#`E[?[`[4'K0 MG$#Q5#9W$%XYM*A UK6M:U\LFM>_1:UNBW^ZU!^.Q\XIO1Q M:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$ MG@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q M\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q M:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$ MG@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0.Q\XIO1Q:3^35$G@K0=& MY^(3BL*MIQ&2_'-I4$.70E U[7M M?^2]!B/!)>]^'KCPZ;]/_P`9V-;_`,+8&[6M_P"%K4%9J!035BK[VK=3[#N@ M?[7]\Z#KSGWS3 W1F'E;HO02Z?W![QI.QPFGPQ-?LM89*'R%$"DO35_P`@ MZFNXH8%N-GF:PM!;E93=/#>VCY9_^M3S6'=WZ>YZ>F@POZ@G(W"?_,U3Y _\*1QM"E'[X]W 8*(2V:;L5QKP/MZT0^FZN]-&MC4U+51".%[6R'Q@#:U&9)T\;R#RO>Y4 MHZSV5LK7QQRSMT94&IKXVYX)9!.AH>_&B*)J.\E@ ]NBW3[&-[!CS+XN>6"!76D.N%> 4*;6>Y2Y@B:)AE MG&YT22F>^ N%??_9K4KD0GC2ODVFYAP_&R^Q"!]@-]S36 $$">U9T('Q M":,-ST\)-E@PV`I+C0=6416TX'-@9-'B6.9 U[7M>]KVO0?N@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@A[MV['/R3[#./C%A->5T76B-,$=1Y0)T:I\RGC#(:P"$J-S1&.'*0S# M%QD*7TSH,/TT3&P$;C0$N4SSL T?(HJ*4= !7+#YE%4GI=#ZV"G&]CG.4$P$## X=L@WBTWX^(`TM` @IV&&-BY3"]LLL@WEH%`H%`H-:-HMQM8]+&.G2+M# M,C2B!K+BS@W&T*X!#YU;=[D$+BFPVVRFD@$5=VO1PBE@ 7W-/*>VE&:"*.HI!LN1S24132`K8E;B6&[L42@[[5W MCBTDTU4C[FUZUX8[/D)9`&` .([D7V[(V!*.O>2]K5)990RO;+OG M9ZP*L1XN'#W=8VO?(T*8L)>UN[ME:W10>1VXSMOH;_YNG?+EMFTB`%^Z+1WN M(W([WCC[VD*V/M"0`MOI.94UI29:V%L+9ANX4P'A_)E?HZ+A_+S#SB03:]I( MU"TZWG;A:][9.#5&=W)K9)PI$&V?=G#,5[))3@8IQ6$PQME[F*O8((3*_1AE MC?HQH),\O/\`J*W?JY!S.;:CQCS"@NR2G8JLJ38GY!87,I\..!F@(1HX9Q9C MZ8CD>D2RS[H5`@L!2H:F+G@6M U?D%]*Z1K@S2;:MFOJ[G8T ]#-K"%2Q$UB(4N%_X(Y88;=\CH^N.U[$>^@6W2IE D;,P+C@!9*/@K`F5[VS30KVO:P53H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H)?\ANVLF,-1C?2W3ZR4M[Y[8%%DK&@JD6LJMK7&(T MH0-/DK;R6B.'=XEV/&(1NP*(3'M:[E=0I1.`#'M8UA@'D=I?U"X9H2BG3N-R M,C;$[+/3OROL^!8S*8R7MKM-+3J-C*T@SI*-\1\ `>690R$68Y`S@)[F(&\!/;*"UB4E):$F)R(B)I!'1D !:PN688:/B\ _')E+QQM' MO:Q3VN^@Z$%IS#^`6?YXWUN2RJD]=D'ZA&L;WP$]M @4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\T MW/X8KT_>J85!3J@4"@4"@4"@XQS\S-_JP_XK*@D7P&? U[7QOA?NK7Q"2VI?^FFG;BM?3AV 2Z44=@N*[:Y`-38 MLV!XF9#06^C/&8RS54WTZ]692N>.%!7E/[).8*8I:&5GW84Q3GLU\"Q]HG@\ M[G\?:QP#088:V]6-W-,4%%?O&#L:E;E:IGTHBX&_I3MU)QQV!!LX\4P/)8.I MF[>%W(ZV^EG$X0*R0F/2SF;]@+XW#.E@[VRL&UNLG*3KW/ .Y-4[XYY`YJ45+&9PVQ)U:AH8(3(HI-)35,12V-A10@+7[FP M4JH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!I;O]O/#O'?K.\]D)D.!C%$@0FVF`R`%-.2EZ5)1 L%E';[ESDQFG%&.F8WD>XY5HZL E^,H+31Q$PD]%NQ1H M*BW@?5LN^PQ@MW`?0IIUH!KUI0GN=2CA+ 7!Y"V*G1?#OC MGDKR3)BL'93.E :[Y&7D,0LI MX*IF,6,L"H>37NK%C6)I34!1!A2F06`/M(F8H;I:U:(:;:=E#)?676R)(>.J M&0^:NYFLT4_X^.$0SEED8% "@^W0,+EGE>^:@HF @4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\TW/X8KT_>J85!3J@_&8@ M8=L;B9X86RSP#QOGE;&V0@F5L @_=`H%`H%!QCGYF; M_5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_R6_P`8NJ@K[0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#4; B/R##V!9(BJ9;*EBXXTDIJJAQFS##;T+W#$3WS$4FH699SL9T)QD`(6 MPA8;W.9N%B&:!,`](5PEZ9V/V[XORX\=\D9-5W1T$.@F4!,Y"6>Q@U:0X@:) MX/).#;^_,+(10]=;;F)`:Y8S(+ )M!*NXKJJU#;A(IZ?&"3C8\YQ&TE*`V M`0ON_%-+W$S!)4'KBTRM!.6_61H.A808IVPU[?13XP,1U6"S&4&ZJ8Y6`,*+ M4 S;7+W%?>H^QS9,Q!L 5?63CY0SR>]C:U*TZ", MY>?#:UOB8,DO2>>:C=3S"BK/QY^W&2Z'$D3(A8OF*HNIR&$]*+@!B>U9&1\+ M%\@EMIYII)',T8BWDEY>HS(E&(4N.Y-&^/?,90%B",X[7,2QLC,4X)*D$7/2 MO)LD%@"HX`"F&"E8(X!?,1/MB9Q)DP^F]/3R"20))242*)B8F%"R>G)R>6!) MD$\@3!P+$R1(F6P#+E"A0N'B&&&'CC@'AC;'&UK6M:@Y=`H/.I9EV+X'CIV2 M[,[^:D7QBQ4L1:=SZ>RT1;[;04X//`+$8\IJ`P(&(IDR+@`7!QOD,9,"8`A8 M9BYX89!*>,=C-WN1&1V*^M:$94TTX^6P[$!TFIRF2/0!ME-S4-%4P%`1N1!# M#X3\@84@5Z%2]PAG8Y"UG*JIYC`1*(D[97,V"RP94L$,8,A%P`C!NX5S0X8( M>`QFX&'M0-S`N.-LQK@A_P`W'NKW[G'V+>Q0?[T"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4&.N_P#LFZ/[NK?]6F:"77!']SUQX?9H8_\`1-T% M9Z!035BK[VK=3[#N@?[7]\Z#KSGWS3 N\2-A(E%^)T:6UX-S?K-"`D+&88`708Y6TR8V)*:H MXC1HZD#+0BNM%3H1G"Y,EB"%$-TDP27]O=&-5G $=.!JO2S=3QY;4G$(GE5``,X 3D?:]ZR;;GH_>#9FM_1N]WV[HZY`9ZU9CV>7B^H^ X4R[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_K MQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[ M4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1( M\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_K MQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[ M4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1(\K?4_KQYT%`[4V2?1( M\K?4_KQYT%!_@:Y0Y`/%C!([Q$ U[7M>@B^O.':O4F3E& ;D?:T* MBY'CO&2""^`W'BE%MILCR"J&414+F@L#&&%A@!;987RZ,N@/"]KYHB+=ELIC M=V-X-^3YZG6T8LH,-_$8E@AIRS&"V%G[ 32V`5BQ M(G*T?S`ZV1LP3Q#R$OCDOI:`O#9X8X"J.73W5PW$AO\`U!\3;!/-_P`:P[H# MR1O.3HI-!DY*BWY)X*;,H, ;CCAY['-Q[$"660EL/=5R%ROMG\SVSN M[7QH-D>U-DGT2/*WU/Z\>=!0.U-DGT2/*WU/Z\>=!0.U-DGT2/*WU/Z\>=!0 M.U-DGT2/*WU/Z\>=!0.U-DGT2/*WU/Z\>=!08\[>7Q 3>./H\-\:FA.]$=:Z2;[KP?6Z:O!,9.V44AMA8Y8C_5CAIU2\A,)W+"IT>Y MRSJ6EH5&(BY"9!D#>8/=8A/.)3$:3L_T]JPGQI 3UE;WHD] ['UZ4&3"* BBR(YU>@11A1AIA%92UY@,=)^4K9Y15) M"4X\54@(V&Y3I%-,&%"V`P14O 5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5O MJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z M"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;) M/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5O MJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z M"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;) M/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5O MJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z M"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;) M/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@=J;)/HD>5OJ?UX\Z"@Z5Q\HLDFVZ MOE>R5Y5P?=*(J@>VC1!KUB$%[:0,!^V"W#V=%$L'AW73?N >9( 1\'>UI'-%0GW(9.-EF4F*@E M6LQI9 WICF%J2>QY)D@5Q7?"TPI5;CZ3)%9*:XB3L42(R2F*95' MQ3#5R6!7`KB&%@&(O7C 6 C2DA`!.IQ\RG8N1@R&R5)2;[ZC1Y MERV"LW58.X`A]'.%Q1`` 5(JV/B90M;/VA0CR9F8,FO!(Q+B9WSN1&&-))C+\X*#8].-PTHQ 5P 41=-8:.EL\3*,H2Q8^&54=LI:1O M8]L4E\+!L$C.0V*>EW"N&-0=YO7,\D3=*2%Q1Z5.0TPY1?;*3W)MI/C-#`!P MTFU-4\LDJPB`8`#R()>P\WDRXZ,P4WN?;TXK8RN9X`ERA /#BF! M\\QA W?G!N&].82*F="FNI+(4E;FS:$ MYV:1F\4J14"1%!TSC\,`DX7VC%7%8#,Z]EK`FVQ2X!@%/#.B>UC4%`X^@6%H MH=DH/R-HN9#*?$UNC%Z2V\&^WT\@YY% MT"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@QUW_V3=']W5O^K3-!+K@C^YZX\/LT,?\`HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/\` M:_OG0=> ]J M#YD]V.(?:[7J/%)6XB9JD]H1@WGX5F\AH\5E!3;P *'A@?CAT`&A@[8IQC$F(`'MW#ISDMO>IRK^FVT324M?>1:(05, M@^8M VW#[:JM!R)Y/H,+;6.##BD+7R'(F3Y&V8P`?0 MO0*">^V7&7K!MJY4V6%9+= UEB^3\;X5@WL MW0L?YN2(Y2JRC"AWRQR*_P`Z]Z"5.S.Y_+;QDD&/#\B->*N00M,B^H-6"]IF M/';V29I9:6SDH9ZR2Y=BM/HL`%PF0RPHI2%-8L+'ZT@9*V2? 33D'ED;3J('Q&D)QH[64ZY>;7)4)K#+D+OB6X'8Z]'S#D4GK;J=.;F>X MB*_$9_R*53`7DXU:Z-[F]L,%$D4T7]D+PZ>Z(:Z:0-==28:;2JHO9]'^_LO3 MK)2Z =[B&75+ R;F,1-J)!7NG,'X\R2*0R.J;P>`Q?*QA!AF($2^2^\%C M.X0!),`L#[:&8-%NZ#O-!],2&FD0*20XG EW:O819+8@N.;IP 3@7\@[V[I$8[ T,]CDQ@Q$]N$Q 'V:&/_`$3=!6>@4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\TW/X8KT_>J85!3 MJ@4"@4"@4"@XQS\S-_JP_P"*RH)%\!GW.^@_^2W^,7505]H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!.3=/C2AS;IP->:6\XW9K/N3&`664-[D0=D21)? M9F6((H6+==08X5T66HP4`Q U^FU!_I0:Q[4:IL';%EMAN.QP/V/G;'#Z2)3AV8XF ,L1P*`JF>`34D,RJJ6 M6(YTP8R!+V!#V'9K9*(]1(,D38B ?)'NPW+HFVL_-X-M M1=#YX>RB2TGU7R/8K+.U_0Q,@\`[R6Z!;`KDBJN&`>1YP9V)!XAE2`=A`K(: M-%B18P TAX"G!!![88!G^MV@^N6KT@RY,K(0'`[IWG1S+#CDZ>Y M N/#[-#'_HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ M7I^]4PJ"G5`H%`H%`H%!QCGYF;_5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_`,EO\8NJ@K[0*!0* M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0>>2S$L9SO'#QB"9&,VI*C&0$0VW7 MDR' Y"SA2P,^][T8" MZ:+>Z;M>0F> ,`E")$B4!S,&SAPV8S#`*E2H`>68@F>6.&&&-[WO:UKWH(9P: M0/ A,WV=NJKY.CZ&L)4+B@$-HIV;8QU#7-XG8DFL Y MFV&*:P(?C)!#-.E_O!3,#!AX%R8&01?VRPID4`"V0N(>6;":HM+D I-EU,CBTOAN5"1CZ1$VSV;3&5G,816(?L+92;R,X2Z:H'LL MPCN9P`(+&P;L,ECLR-&BW6!';3;C%8S022:"U6 5"QMB&$"'AAC;^2U!E-`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H,==_\`9-T?W=6_ZM,T$NN"/[GKCP^S0Q_Z)N@K/0*" M:L5?>U;J?8=T#_:_OG0=> K^EZ\U&M-3@?` MCF=)$!Q"-^-(JD66E=HL`19^+YB3W\2CQN.$5G1^36+9E['COM>9L4$?`F$9 MS+CXA!V,G :D71R\%'N@4Q> XL6DSTE*;3N?;Q>3E[U*2\,BLY@1\@.I\NL^1048 MX?-8)Z .-PV_2%=) ?)C8"@C!9YABAYVR MQO?&]KT'(.?F9O\`5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_P`EO\8NJ@K[0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0 M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#AJ">05B!Y*52)-32U,F93U)-4"P)T@H$#H.98 MX1/$S.`A DK1-V M#M,X[64T8\9P+RC9E/8@?&7W:FN-DXF\\I5UY>B:!>PT>&R)G-*4N@VAG"=N MY(7##F)_J7H3A&%V(Z>0IBK[8/O/',"-=BM4VTNS+J3LT03;&"ZVY(M ;$7X/-&)%8 MTR>34)$`LAVH24?=Z>2"MB,$!:U[8AY9JAQNL6")'5MFYPD-S[@;O.PD83G) MM'+J +P 'V:&/_1-T%9Z!035BK[VK=3[#N@?[7]\Z#KSGWS3 M 9=;8K!V`A1_!/#9#6&:K)L.IS'V-CZ,3TV0A,::@R^ MZ5TO`KUBDHVGF3>TEQ8XC@;B04D8%%4E0LYC026=,98G0`0TXDJ^S#7 FKR]?3MZ-S8?9*+97: %VD\4([GB( 61OO62[NV5K7#Z;=UD%+?JQ M 29/!>\PPU%T3M_ M2J+##W(M982 Y5RZW+J=)[_%@U[GQGTTRDKQZ06(,.K@CAB=8:.;F.VP M.&LDE;+J!M/31@+7N7%&O0? @/D-TLB"+F>3Q)-QBL'BN( M("`FA]SC[>9N7*[=6%/JJ@+C ,YC'3QC+(8P**+GEG )12("V'(J)7$P&)8N>)#6MF$-AT"!Y>SC M>UZ#G4"@4"@4'&.?F9O]6'_%94$B^`S[G?0?_);_`!BZJ"OM`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H,==_]DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N>N/#[ M-#'_`*)N@K/0*":L5?>U;J?8=T#_`&O[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@ M4"@4'&.?F9O]6'_%94$B^`S[G?0?_);_`!BZJ"OM`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H,==_]DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N>N/#[-#'_`*)N M@K/0*":L5?>U;J?8=T#_`&O[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4'&.? MF9O]6'_%94$B^`S[G?0?_);_`!BZJ"OM`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H,==_]DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N>N/#[-#'_`*)N@K/0*":L M5?>U;J?8=T#_`&O[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4'&.?F9O]6'_% M94$B^`S[G?0?_);_`!BZJ"OM`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H,==_]DW1_=U;_JTS02ZX(_N>N/#[-#'_`*)N@K/0*":L5?>U;J?8 M=T#_`&O[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4$7^1#D&V!U[V0AC6;7Y,UJ0W;(K8: MCT2UO:9T.UM(TRJ3DDTS'GR,PZ(V\D\N`ZFZ&1#47*KF!U"Z$GK*8-@E',!A M R=(#QP;[;+%@P[NA4!,BE[XDT]0%+AA;MY%I+0Y%D-W)$+,Q2TWAG;B/= M*)/D\[(ZL0F$.2WTXHV8"I);7CS!E&&H=BB/)5E=*;ZD&8705 QTFQM(L!:_0$P62^YVV'SE%:0!91=RXRXQ8\=PJ@(:Q(#T=JFU6 MN\G2HCYJ[P0$1-3R1&V0QU:Q'%&"`+"VS#3MN NP9VO9^3)'[E*(:L;()B472D7(\;# MMD9"*6"FFO$V-?9*!H:V"91 )]-V\M6M_ZH"WLW33-OY;B=%J"8O!' M]SUQX?9H8_\`1-T%9Z!035BK[VK=3[#N@?[7]\Z#KSGWS3 R`\EH\:F4JZ$EI.I5> M++66FNXISA;U[%3P`:46,)(]AS!K"X>'O_@_4U&.(S(LC YM`#,Q. MP_*V"8V'VFZ9GHI3##H0$DRPWPX$%Z8-UB'U9M%A%$=-).Q0S.F.[R,&Q1@] M?=N@6Q:DZ)9@Y% 6[\5'K%4O/N$D-D$VF(R5TM M(4O1,7-`N Z88,%RHPH>[S9!^W3HE*!=H6,GZ]GIIUX=6S3%3 M8T6GQ(3=CR2M:IU%;Q=&LJR&!'#G HO^/XX#D>;]D']M8GRK&YEM-- M^.)7;T9R;,#G3KMY0!(&%Q#&*9=\2)H#/$4*H:L00F:O:U0+KFCK`[B3X0B1 M@Q@&XS)7$B8 $67(M".IQEQ5 M)1S++A ^.&./1C;HM:@IAV!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7 MPCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\ M0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$ M%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*] MY.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`W MAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#I MX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q` M(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=` M[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05 M[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V! MO#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>' M3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R (!!7O)R^ M$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB M`05[R (!!7O)R^$=`[`WAT\0""O>3E\(Z M!V!O#IX@$%>\G+X1T#L#>'3Q`(*]Y.7PCH'8&\.GB`05[R %[WZ?\`XSL:W_A;`W:UO_"UJ"LU`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/ M]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^]4PJ"G5`H%`H%`H%!QCGYF;_5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_ M`,EO\8NJ@K[0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0 M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#'7?_ M`&3=']W5O^K3-!+K@C^YZX\/LT,?^B;H*ST"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_VO[YT'7G/ MOFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4'&.?F9O]6'_%94$B^`S[G?0?\`R6_QBZJ" MOM`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H,==_\`9-T?W=6_ MZM,T$NN"/[GKCP^S0Q_Z)N@K/0*":L5?>U;J?8=T#_:_OG0=> N/#[-#'_HFZ"L]`H)JQ5][5NI]AW0/]K^^=!UYS[YIN?PQ7I^]4PJ"G5`H M%`H%`H%!QCGYF;_5A_Q65!(O@,^YWT'_`,EO\8NJ@K[0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0* M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0* M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#'7?_`&3=']W5O^K3-!+K@C^YZX\/LT,? M^B;H*ST"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_VO[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U3"H*=4'SJ\S#-F$]- M,)/8V7V/DC6M(*1@WCC"T]GI3C*=X >4:)M5F;!J*]#Y."%.!P)KU\UU>S!7XAOB,W7$YI/+RDMN M8%P&PAG`143"98F:"*%,2XH;\[D&7?).V&D^J!639-BN,)9;&TTNR Z+Q0=;I,VDGQFI>OVMVU!P"3HG?0L5R!+TDQKO9.NH\93"_W$TBZ>"\!&1' M\!@*1I*%!^+JPNKPYE1(F -7"*&ZG(+D?9SY;Y`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`!8PB*H-QQN.^=0P0;"D#&%Q1 J85!3J@GSM[QP0KN"]F7)CB= ?.KC`U67F-%;";1.4HB3XCCMW0ZB+\,S`_H]?#DB*1E(@ MNR7'$A/9+6 Q>S=6KVO;_`&?_`*:9H)= 'V:&/\`T3=!6>@4 M$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\TW/X8KT_>J85!3J@4"@4"@4"@XQS\S-_JP_ MXK*@D7P&? `-&RJ$ADK6 M%45Q8$(D#!GW,4!&&Q*EAA\L;!`B9XA@$C[MZAQ$R8WDB2=D8 (Q &>%[XYXWM>U[V MO0?PY^9F_P!6'_%94$B^`S[G?0?_`"6_QBZJ"OM`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H,==_]DW1_=U;_`*M,T$NN"/[GKCP^S0Q_Z)N@ MK/0*":L5?>U;J?8=T#_:_OG0=> T/O=9;&QBJ"A.!XZD3[$).2H!Y`#:9J])K6BTI"J62PQ?:R\7B"*+%2B.D' MQ"J0L#$S*@B#!@AFC89J_P!Q(Y U*LVC::,*&-W) 1-LL;3(W;2"5>CB52Y5-:9T5-CE]-HJI&L@ MB@AX[ CC "KMP,+$B:PSO?+` ][VZ:#=$8/VX$4+I[GVT(0/NNCIZ.[QOCT]'L=/1TT'S\:IZ6 ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE!QS;`Y[390T4OL9Q6@6-%QR]QB^LFTV`X-APL@KB@9W MV3O;`8/NNG&_1?HRM:@\EU]UBYWM>(5C6$4G Q?$CGN\8?BH\F+:?SE*!\2 M.>[QA^*CR8MI_.4H'Q(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@?$CGN\8?BH\F+:?SE*!\2.>[Q MA^*CR8MI_.4H'Q(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@?$CGN\8?BH\F+:?SE*!\2.>[QA^*C MR8MI_.4H'Q(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@?$CGN\8?BH\F+:?SE*#_(9A\]PP(P/UBN M*L/VX(0+VP/6/:;$3#VS"^'=AWOLG>UL\.GIM?HO[-!X_KSJ_P`[NND)QM!Z M1N%QZ2 THNL`J,.+@K/=V?6(3^_JZ+[?W(ACV@+NK8V_ MFVZ*#V7XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G M*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4#X MD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4#XD ^Q?%8%8P"*# 0?M@65]D[VQ M%P[KIQOT7Z+VH/'==M7.=S7"$8W@U'W$X]Y03(U;H3 ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/= MXP_%1Y,6T_G*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_% M1Y,6T_G*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6 MT_G*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE!QS;`Y[3A0T4RV,XK@ M+&BPY:XY?63:8,P#8 5L!@^Z[K&_1?HRM:@\G@#67G>U[A:-82 M2MO^/"2DV,FJGM,D_I@@C:=YR>["Z;;/$-9?#J^L20[_`#A,XY?\\S[0%[9> MW3W-J#V#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_ MG*4#XD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4# MXD ,/Q4>3%M/YRE`^)'/=XP_%1Y,6T_G*4#XD 7Q.E#!3(P5UEVF"-`6,@Y@W'+"_63 MR]K'"[ONL,NB_1E:UZ#RN`M9^=[7Z%XTA-*V^X[I)3HQ::6T"3]EV!]IWE)S ML+I0=P@EI\NKZQ)#O\XS>-^DP9]I"]MR]GN;?R4'KWQ(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@ M?$CGN\8?BH\F+:?SE*!\2.>[QA^*CR8MI_.4H'Q(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@?$CG MN\8?BH\F+:?SE*!\2.>[QA^*CR8MI_.4H'Q(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@?$CGN\8? MBH\F+:?SE*!\2.>[QA^*CR8MI_.4H'Q(Y[O&'XJ/)BVG\Y2@X:C'?/2I)YY. M'V(XJ\05`F:)#9!ZQ;26SQ"-@"`9Y87SV2SP[NV(E[VZ _1>_18-PZ!035BK[VK=3[#N@?[7]\Z#KSGWS3 5-*+ (M\,;B8XY88B7QMW>.&=\,L\, \%A.8K>,EB:_(3G2V,WG,>9L !1$+(#O>*T28[;'*E7%(#B2&(WG,HM*.D$R ^6 M$4RN*N(B4IG%9(#"%R-EP;`B]P&U=`H%`H%`H%`H-6-@]V-7M6%1&0YVEE,9 M2XN-Y9>1=$+H+O>"RGL9NF"Q1P2$YDIBMYS'V?'"&;-AA''"K!DD4L)>^(AK M'+'*U@Z^0M\-0HL>;(8+YGAEI#CD)&93D;ERUU9=;H39DM;^+4;.ATO1O)BJ MS&$UY& [42+7PRH[?,[LQ( Q+W5UQO@MZ3%O)M1HXW2]&^F*K,83=DA MQ89$&\?75!-)K9S#($D(.)CEC8/8'%. XHZC@8Y ))8&`HH"*A`G`K#&Q_:B]Q1,0L,\A;VPH/,&ANOJR_)P5] !Q'+,AY/&/@S>&2^CI"D=5$2U ML[G0`/:Q.Y#:6@4"@4"@4"@4&JNP6[FK6K"PD-^=I;2V0NK+ 3:C)>=3T0$Q49;"0Y* 1!NG5U032 MRZ P.OR`W$V8Y60W>YH^C@4Y ";!!UK!0#`0-)35)=%]SE;&,PQ35\,\@L,\`Q,L0]6H%`H% M`H%`H%!JOL'NSJ[JPJHZ#.TLIC*75MNK#S`1"Z"[W@KIK$;QDN37I#="8QF\ MY3S,CA$.&L`C;B5PR**7%O?$0UCECE:P S)CY\SNRTARR`D,EPM MWW/=676\"W)+6[MJ-7*Z7HWDQ59C"; #@CF.!CEQ'6Z4!@DRYYXKI),`P%%`14$`X%8 M8V/[47N*)B%CGD+E;"@\ K#"(& G[U3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@A=R?; MA,Z)Y=):T-(+"$94GV$`R4S[N'=?I,E"T2:\XN5RHR8RH_$CJ.'AG)$W*JJN MKYIM(2H9+MYLW%,+2CB/[873E,-'I:2HUAR(N2#5J/V/(JZ7W3U`U,CGC=2P MH]D%P'I@8Y+4=O:X1PT4Q:,MONT5?B.0$;- &04PH%` MH%`H%`H%!#7D]W$:4/2ZDZY,\`*%9=GN$LB4M;NJ.O\`) ;^=S"RIV%QR+IZF&BLI)490G$/(UK&P69( M[A2]T](-3HMXV$X..I" 2B7 X4B2?Q\.&-UQ-U_U(CV6CFQ)!;V99+TR9B ?(1Q) M3'NX>U_DR4 `DD3:JJRVO&VT@JAHLWFW?,PM*5A[" M%TY3#1J6$J-(9B#D?U M8'V+C7(*/WD>(N2(B,ZZOS9CLB6?!1#':99@QG% U -YOAV-R>6T"FZ5'8 M&9E-TJ\4KC&75J7,4AC*2&4+J,A)SE)'ALKV*JEQ`^J>@4"@4"@4"@4$*^3[ M "2FW=P[K])LGWBG7GXR.=$2V-'@D=1N\,I(F]44U MQ?--Q$531=O-?VXPLJ.)CVTNG*0:/R\D1O#\0 L>1%FVZVIVI3`XVTP M&/)`7SLM,0MJ"S] 3U7%6.8``B""XA3 MV7X#;36Y/>/28F]&I+-_N]M;4ITX3"CM8 5.L%Y)Y M)B1H2QW,$7):6'T=0P&F L6#Z9*!0*!0 M*!0*!00GY/MOF3&,O8ZNM?"T&R3/\'ER,[;M&M?Y,DX2,->;N)THB2P8Y$CJ M-GC>1YP53Z^X#+>2%8R7;K4Q,&%D_B9R&+IJB&DLQ), K MQ#*#"$DDL`1%#22!@P"5]OR'S!"N.(/GD'-94&,^+^8AQO&/(L)-!,DS1![. MR2'JAM88H4>\JKNSS5.'#SN=^!2X:Z[A$@M:P`!HT(.63@ ..(5FH M%`H%`H%`H%!"WD^W!9T42\3UF:0>,(2G/L(!DYIW /F1 M(BV'NIJ'J='/&TF!1[(*\=EIDE-0FUK=&;52UHPW+B)"]#TB(@B^X0%S)-.- M]/5L58Y@""((+B%.)A@-N-;D\X[9A0(V)"R`[6[M2FSA,2.U1S"LO6;6O;(: M[))O-XA%!A$]%!N5%P2B!@P"4N9$&S!"N.(-ED&H\$;-Z^[=[G0^PBY8SKO! M.JTX28K:HZTI>O$Q,]SS9/@2')K.6=AY, KH.-)NA*/N]P& ME?OVM#@"W*)=@^C.@4"@4"@4"@FK%7WM6ZGV'=`_VO[YT'7G/OFFY_#%>G[U M3"H*=4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4$U8J^]JW4^P[H'^U_?.@Z\Y]\TW/X8KT_>J85!3J@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@FK%7WM6 MZGV'=`_VO[YT&%[&QULL6Y`F1-FJ;JT] P\G/]DO6S..36V' M:%*;92(W9#^6E%K%EH@&D&3!@H7*AFQ\,+#7$RMA<,K[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/ MS7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7 MSM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN% M`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%`[^<R/S7<9G7SM-YN%!UVHT?;"EMT-I)AV?=&II&47 MGKWJHP2T.:W20^7TNM-FQ\^=H5M'D%_DI$9[&<"*G/Y4D$\12!,"-RAK-OG+ )8"Y"!"VQ#__9 ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Earnings Per Common Share (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Earnings Per Common Share [Abstract] Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012 2011 2010 Income from continuing operations $ 1,403 $ 1,130 $ 1,263 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 72 0 Net income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 246 258 269 Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock 2 3 3 Restricted stock units 3 2 1 Diluted 251 263 273 Earnings per common share: (1) Basic Continuing operations $ 5.70 $ 4.37 $ 4.70 Discontinued operation, net 0 0.28 0 Total $ 5.70 $ 4.65 $ 4.70 Diluted Continuing operations $ 5.59 $ 4.29 $ 4.62 Discontinued operation, net 0 0.28 0 Total $ 5.59 $ 4.57 $ 4.62 (1) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Segments Of Business (Reportable Operating Segments) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Sep. 30, 2011 Jun. 30, 2011 Mar. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Jun. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Mar. 31, 2009 Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers $ 31,699 $ 30,839 $ 30,216 $ 29,980 $ 28,853 $ 28,247 $ 27,534 $ 27,450 $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Litigation credit, net 0 0 20 Interest Expense (251) (222) (187) Income from continuing operations before income taxes 1,919 1,635 1,864 Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 191 132 121 Depreciation and amortization 551 [1],[2] 496 [1],[2] 477 [1],[2] Expenditures for long-lived assets 225 [2],[3] 233 [2],[3] 199 [2],[3] Assets 33,093 30,886 33,093 30,886 28,189 Cash and cash equivalents 3,149 3,612 3,149 3,612 3,731 2,109 Other, Segment assets 995 1,038 995 1,038 1,224 Technology Solutions [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 3,310 3,195 3,124 Operating profit 364 [4] 301 [4] 385 [4] Depreciation and amortization 209 [1],[2] 209 [1],[2] 212 [1],[2] Expenditures for long-lived assets 22 [2],[3] 26 [2],[3] 31 [2],[3] Assets 3,575 [2] 3,504 [2] 3,575 [2] 3,504 [2] 3,635 [2] Technology Solutions - Services [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 2,594 2,483 2,439 Technology Solutions - Software And Software Systems [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 596 590 571 Technology Solutions - Hardware [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 120 122 114 Distribution Solutions [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 119,424 [5] 108,889 [5] 105,578 [5] Operating profit 2,219 [6] 1,897 [6] 1,988 [6] Depreciation and amortization 225 [1],[2] 167 [1],[2] 154 [1],[2] Expenditures for long-lived assets 175 [2],[3] 158 [2],[3] 90 [2],[3] Assets 25,374 [2] 22,732 [2] 25,374 [2] 22,732 [2] 19,599 [2] Distribution Solutions - Direct Distribution And Services [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 85,523 [5] 77,554 [5] 72,210 [5] Distribution Solutions - Sales To Customers' Warehouses [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 20,453 [5] 18,631 [5] 21,435 [5] Distribution Solutions - Domestic Pharmaceutical Distribution And Services [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 105,976 [5] 96,185 [5] 93,645 [5] Distribution Solutions - Canada Pharmaceutical Distribution And Services [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 10,303 [5] 9,784 [5] 9,072 [5] Distribution Solutions - Medical-Surgical Distribution And Services [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue From External Customers 3,145 [5] 2,920 [5] 2,861 [5] Corporate [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating profit (413) (341) (342) Depreciation and amortization 117 [1],[2] 120 [1],[2] 111 [1],[2] Expenditures for long-lived assets 28 [2],[3] 49 [2],[3] 78 [2],[3] Reportable Segment [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating profit 2,583 2,198 2,373 Assets $ 28,949 [2] $ 26,236 [2] $ 28,949 [2] $ 26,236 [2] $ 23,234 [2] [1] Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. [2] Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. [3] Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. [4] Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $51 million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales. [5] Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. [6] Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $149 million and $213 million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. X - Definition The net proceeds obtained in excess of the net carrying amount of assets recorded for litigation liability extinguished, in settlement of a litigation matter. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GainRelatedToLitigationSettlement Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. Includes Other Income. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_OperatingProfit Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total expenditures for additions to long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets of the reportable segment; if the amount: (a) is included in the determination of segment assets reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) is otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in the determination of segment assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 -Section S99 -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Publisher FASB -Paragraph 1 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON) -Number 6 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents. Includes cash and cash equivalents associated with the entity's continuing operations. Excludes cash and cash equivalents associated with the disposal group (and discontinued operation). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3044-108585 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate amount of intangible asset amortization recognized as expense during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations, after income or loss from equity method investments, but before income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 10 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Interest and debt related expenses associated with nonoperating financing activities of the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate carrying amounts, as of the balance sheet date, of assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 10 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Business Combinations (Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed) (Details) (US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Dec. 30, 2010 Amounts Previously Recognized As Of Acquisition Date (Provisional) [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 Measurement Period Adjustments [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 Amounts Recognized As Of Acquisition Date (Final) [Member] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 662 [1] $ (13) $ 649 Goodwill 808 [1] 20 828 Intangible assets 1,007 [1] (14) 993 Other long-term assets 354 [1] (6) 348 Current liabilities (489) [1] (1) (490) Current portion of long-term debt (1,735) [1] 0 (1,735) Other long-term liabilities (338) [1] 16 (322) Other stockholders' equity (25) [1] (2) (27) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 244 [1] $ 0 $ 244 [1] As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011. X - Definition The total purchase price of the acquired entity. This includes cash paid to equity interest holders of the acquired entity, fair value of debt and equity securities issued to equity holders of the acquired entity, and transaction costs paid to third parties to consummate the acquisition, net of cash acquired. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedNetOfCash Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to current assets, net of cash acquired. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsNetOfCashAcquired Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to an identifiable intangible asset that will be amortized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAmortizableIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to current liabilities of the acquired entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 37 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 98-1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to the current portion of long-term debt of the acquired entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of goodwill arising from a business combination, which is the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 53 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to noncurrent assets of the acquired entity, except for property plant and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 98-1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 37 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationOtherNoncurrentAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to other noncurrent liabilities of the acquired entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationOtherNoncurrentLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph p(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6910749&loc=d3e4845-128472 + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Stockholders' Equity (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Shares Repurchased Over Last Three Years Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2012 2011 2010 Number of shares repurchased (1) 20 29 8 Average price paid per share $ 83.47 $ 69.62 $ 41.47 Total value of shares repurchased $ 1,850 $ 2,032 $ 299 (1) Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax $ (178 ) $ (157 ) Translation adjustments 188 244 Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax (5 ) 0 Total $ 5 $ 87 X - Definition Schedule of Shares Repurchased Table Text Block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfSharesRepurchasedTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
begin 644 0001193125-12-204736-xbrl.zip M4$L#!!0````(`#6$HD!:8=U347H"`")K)0`0`!P`;6-K+3(P,3(P,S,Q+GAM M;%54"0`#)IJA3R::H4]U>`L``00E#@``!#D!``#L75USVSBR?;]5]S_XYMVQ M)">3 _OHO$(1$.8^_^ M\ #C^ MM5,BY-/E??'/MMXWTRMGXU\._,\''X]:1ZU&LW70;'S^ ^2EI\]YO]:T%Q=?I;O-6G^^J;] MRW' Y+&V;?^YO1\G%25.7SK03U'G?#89'\H(2MGG8:!X> M-_-/9BO(R$3PH=7\M.B.I,7DAKZ3R2C_ID($?K-UK*P5Z[YQG+V,!$V7D$': MOD/$ ZSB)]X1SL'L2D_AZ,!_?I.L/[`4X^/O^MQVOGZ3JKE M 9 G(-_Z\ MCJCO_E!W%LOZY:CP9[,7/9I^TR]'4TKY,J" D+OGR]'8MLL,W82AM35T 4S>*Z47\B[,PI%*%';WQ,%;!YW(J2%"P MK@ZJQHE$!`_/91`R1LH'V7?(9Z3?I@VI[TZ:I MY6TG[C0U9YLZT;50(8!:`=0RW=F'FEG9+`1`(P^`)CHOBSJO1CE`-4T%%#HO M;3HO4Z&&SLMD`#1.\@!HH/.RI_-JG)0#5,-40*'STJ7S,A9JZ+Q,!L"&J?>D M>=KJ(N#G0?0 &-' MO&%JB@S>L`,*&P: 6?@3_^ %)BXEL"DF1VYH!G5ON!QQ0Z.#NJTT*:A[R]1= MJ V+1BY)8[:!7 6?-@`Q*E&FCF--">8UDXC MS7(::58Q"_HQM^KJXYMA&!FC4(]R5:CBOD FCJY0PEUYTU*Z*'XX(EB&LZ@[Q@ MJSM,B5:W0QQO &1FPD'A6 M86"1B.@``(=MP 8#H=Y4^+E[']'0\)\ZGXCW&=^UY#% M,"4M7RR ^D[0IW89N:R\IAA\U;P+?:VV^WZ00NO2U^[4K.AK;34L^MJM][4U; B#C*O"[(>7] 1 M,)D59Z6I=Q"B==CZ?3 *%^(SW80;(#+]SI4!V\4*, GHV^OE#M,T%O.''I'_&Y6P"+^]/`2&&+^ MZK60E+N85H.%V[QV`JL>IZ8,&M8+K$P1@%8ET+KQ`:R\&@"K2F!U$40 PGZ6=`^=8?>,&(TEBMM^-" MGZJ5( @;BF_HR*4OJ@*R"JM/?H3M>P]FA8II]ZY MV(]U3"#4"*5LN? \$7M`=_0BDC'Y7J$69?!`D3S8#(W,$3/BBE(06C+]4`(9_DO#O[SR(!A:8 M?4:6_3%P.G \1]X$7JD>(^Z(22)15#3OZ\'PGY'-/V M!A4)G0!B#:D!FL6@H7S(C#F/;TV(3,D(0"P$Q`\99RDGLAD0TS+N(2"^TZ#+ MR:#''.*E8+B4S^,^2;9S&6;^68$2TQ=(M(?&GNO]YTQE3,^Q3V1D23PJ'H*S M2(1!GW+Q+^DGO2`2%G41:\D-X"P!SC5UE??=1[RK_IMOHV(SV^*,C74`0"T! MU+GT0Q$RY[9'>)\X5'Z[K[A:0Q6`US)X,4Z= F=W-P9"5@L:V MWF.W([/F`P(CLWL`"(S,[I&Q,3*K_ ,T9F=S4R:P$@,#*[!X#`R.P> M&1LCL[J/S%H!'(S,ZC,R:P6@,#*KZ\BL'?#"R"S@@Y%9NT9F-8461F9-,^F\ M9=!M)Y9:_`Q"*M0!9$+B^X+YQ'>8W[VC#F5#\NS1TU'V]YO#V.*;L^N)LK+R M.&G5M\DWU\QG_:AO!H]LHJ&L`DZABI;!;)77S!65FWPUI68+EX%K!6GR"DAO M`=)Y-5L`Z7DE%0T'V+8M5UU)PEF.:2F.^?!TW)BVCW06%M(K-J3NI2]_ILND M![2%H*$X'5V3_P3\S",B"[G/Q@6QZ`]*W+\BB2C*Q0RIW/)`OF,X4B740NF0 MZFR801S`CMX>?QJQN-:6;#;Y\[(_X,$P#FT,B=!74&(2KR_08I6\4\(0N:-; MRUBB5J9JE6:J#X?'C 3/Q#(EO%C-?(H8)[G,-7%ZS*=\E#:4 M-]V$/6K(J1VE#*MXLZS`IIB\"8_=LL?6%%O"8_7UV`U-G@XVMG(3&JVGUN_Q MA]H-M>IX>*O OWJJ9XY@R_2HRXD1/>\/%,?.H$[2'EI$O_U0L\*HB7 MG+=TQ4+6->BXA2+I$LB7$L^"P Z_H%;#A[>3S67G3I.V'^ M52"FCY2_D2\J7\'O?GM51Z',3@"NM15!;_3%9__,5>KX;*!"K58Q]E[T]+QA MLKZ\V#)5CO^OMPG#FCG)W3M?>J`957SG._`^;;QOCFG@?A:YWUD@PIM.O($$ MCJ>+X[TQ"ES.`I=3#>)4=;;568_P+OQO]_ZG6BRW$)S1$F?\&?AG1/3B54B7 M_0%A'-ZHF3>6,!' \*+2#?B@%CXXSRYP//T=#ZY3D^L`N&N5 M>5/3=N%(G3D>^"G\ 6U MKWC 3KX,$$4"FK*J+>L5SN7=0\D* M"L,BY%$ ,?.J="ZCY^IZE'3+ZG;EN, MFV9RZ0W"":[6LTANAJ/()%7&Y>6LFG.4^6:M\K6*D9&]1@EHF.>^V_>PGX'O MIIHTPZ,,!6R!IO4%:!I;-ENY=%5^2-8 D"A58)9N5C5EV.$?`9,"BE(0UYZ3-,@M0XV;5;W..PRO93DI.?8=1 MV:'])&'$Z4TG^WJ4FT;B84^]Z-VK& %E\EKO G2RJWCY82@FGVL> \]> M0TH-(?WYMMU4 +G%'(11-P& M+%2D`,L@L=0?+@(>CN17-IA_16%M,C4=4C^&O]1#C@AE0_FO#(+F*.3A15X> MQ7 %=+;!`:E@)52X(<>LR+CVU1R&T$0^T1!QU8T$J*: M6H6#]877%PI+YH&5\:]HEWC7)%0G^9P1D9OR4>_((Q$F9P`YZCE7Y$5$$_GL M7M:@L%&DF_&$T3+E8#E#W %GM[-7.7Y)J:0)T8-6Z@M\=D]?Y6- .N8$-X);VN25\ =7,CJ_Z9QQ MZK+P@CC,F]26B]G3B8_]%7?4H6Q(GCT:'^8Q:6>(0>=(.&;0,B):L#&EY/[6 MN7`H:F"Z_8M:Z#-ULIT-S?#_7?N_5AN;X?_;&)?:ZA;F-0T._]^._^\&#BN' M@_!_PP*^N3N186&31J"1J>V4J;>PS1S^:-(4`C(G7?RQ)K-N7#.YS,Y`GP4\ MGL"G[F31O'R)3VVU4#Z^%CT'7/Z`FNC/-?A@!F[JK\J\^8!NLCUQ,SOH"^YL M%5!!M`^L`^L[Q_IL1M3 5F6XICY &$0+ M!M%K(N][1#CQPX#?/'OCU:#B=/3HNY1[(ZG(MA!TO(=YJC+1623"H$_Y^'Y* MQ4RF?T?\[O0*OVOFLW[4UQM#$ZY832^Y"D?S%%-E^I[J-N.V*>5:&$)K`%_R M"OC6!M^\ #D#]IHJ`V/;"WG;N5Q3 MR%O&\O.6X*R!\?N0^.[SZ(K&M80FL^EJTB7B-!R=!KZK>?:U"5S+2V_*PIWZ M0E0;[;]1Z&F%R= 8 JU.];M60V6)3(#,(L`,XGO MKYBP&B0% ^2HI^$1`5IJ8$1RM49R]>\N1X"F6X!6T[9E M!&BZ!F@:&1P!VC8#-(T,CP#-4@,C0-M6@%:IL5OCV@CQN\0SW52$J4%_$I $ZZOS MAI)C@SA7:WJ3]3E9DULR4E^U7PAWXW_BI3N^JW2A.' D`I%UU;C6=+0=&V@=&JO(DNRV#!XRD*R-M"*K9LJ^MJ;6 .-C42R?-4B 2D_&I?MIII/&I M7%6VD_BLO`K70/^FK49*UJG[K0J-%!:0UDXCVZP>/&&2QA23-/322:, HJ89+%^TO2:3FU53@ M+*K%32 4D%1_FPWX&^/>2'>-Z'RR8LHK:"ZX(D7A/$_B1?1 MFT[Z:+6]@A*U&#J>%\T_/FU^Z0^B4%RI'53'2W^DS++RM"1B`I[DMJFV9F!] M!:/E,_L"JU6YM6%=PV>ON,#R];YHJ;7YD]N7H<>^8*1*\OA!W2YXPR#>F#48 M*`.4L1W*2&N6@R[TIXNTWCJH`E11$U7`PVOW ,@#E^^1] 7=\2I^%' KP_KEC3&GG3&M:R [IBYSB`>WJLFMIO0+9[+;F X.U2WV%*[ IWY78^Z 2>Q_OOP9!R/[9BE_H.4ZI; MJ20CG';)DN&R.H9S:.8 I\E`#=8PPW*%^H%]/6JH0NXKP[W M]8K.`?G:UH.#$ZSL!'44,X&'F%EG!.ZSTEQ[9AUXQ"9SW[-Z!,@U`ODM&0'A MFR)\2HF`MT;P7FL'-K"NX>9H`'\EX&^PFPCPUW:C#YQ@"ZME@7\=%[+N)?2; MNUX?BHEG' V\R\@(=V&"7&Z"1((`6D"F` M%I`R@!:0.X`6D$3L*RVL4M 8,.3+#EXC%(%>#\R`[@_$@(X/S(`>#\"/MM M KK^NC5[$?WK MP`,[+`R,5`"D@+P`I(`D`:2`C`&D@/1A+TEAO>+OR!ZTX(2=59A'\@!*^"][ MU]N _EHR-`1ML,%@VO2]F"=B2NOO7?]226CAW0).`4P %*LX9RK8&I=W3BM,%-`0X4T!#@),$-`0X/T!#@%.#NAH""27N MM!VK*VB?"D&MGL?-;S@YT-X4K)6 X];HW0NZ8NJD%^-=BN"!UJ@;;UX5`) .YR\1L1K>R@:E2"7$FQW ML@CQK^.A'X3^07;,(OCUW,QZE/!O''0;'"Z^Z9!"*F&O'2X)%FP$&OH8@1R; M0U#_==#_P^Y`0=6OG^IC1>H*J3U6I$:5SZKRJ*FX.^[(E./*%\2#H3^=/4GU M:%P\/?),NI(%QM)1SG[K0)^"/?M>R*:J`C@3+J3364]XT8@`V0OO"GS?_TLA MGC3.3AJ`B?FWT8/4L6:/S:$3?K>+76T59/*^.LR3:2\8CQM7J_O^U]Y'Q8)Z M&,) H)Z+`A+%UHZ M/H1LP1%]0;,4]((#B@6]ZP(97!.J(,YQ3:B^CB0^[9&1199I3VNW: C0>N M)57,;N!:$IJ, $":1WG1!^&HEM^U8M]PD]G]\P5R+F7+&H+?LU>FF;*3.);V!UJKH_7:" MON(CZGK,['#?\ NR[1ZGFJAV*,XGP(/>U M*^4UF(+N"A[@AV*@Y-Y_J>!+'+RFS\(G8GK-^I)M,49> %.-RS6L?AZP6T[%=*4?PS,&C=##!FB>E1>2CM :\=,MYE0D&S%UIDKO2`028@](B!U4T%%I/K0L,(&L10+9. M6A>[@0%0L%PFY])W(=AQW;;YI\] .R6T^F'[F0)4S W"RX -0*.0HC.:L&;E+8%$`G$Y^*//"W#L6;>;W7LCP` MU%U-5JDHE3=)+C#M'0)T#P!-8[/NV%RM,Y8**#F)5/Y$^@NU=A&XDQZ5=0$Z M`2,4!ZJ!L'29YJ54W[I@Z:?W!)N`KDSH#;0K?#DX]Q-ACCSK _C]S%P=OE6R%M@X7V_`SK!O&MB,CL\#"*1U#9->4#" MG=_VV2,V= W0G,_%XX+VGP"2J,',YC3Y^!L'+O-54U9O96/2G50T0 M9J-T?>V=5E5=-(I9+S$7XJQ:3ZWWBV+&77]5VO775"G9]P OT&J_3[PB&Z-1`ZVD6S#UR7*:K\C+=PKD!M5"7Z=Q`L)ZWX]&3TZ?9A#?Q MUBY,3I>>G%X`AYH%EG8O5X F1T-0"OAZ81]O,ZBPO,NF.HTTLBI6F2N-1D3F--6P.T)W&YZI, #BY9LXB[61O_"'3J%J.X;]9)NQBI@);59#7BDLFJ.BV1>%>E*BEC.;58+ MK(FK]@A6!*M.>P]F8&U ]UAW>N@7 MXOWU27!_7`T)KSWFLT2+[@[S;*::L>B.. SJKBG2A&;@]]Y]S=N\7JF?*IM0+JI =C";QDUA>I'47&((>>GF6\?7?7T*AUKH,ZJKF,()9*U+M@G]0?=V1$42'W MKI!JLK6.^:B2%5=)5!J$9*F0C`JE-$N/VO(583D>+:AT+'?PLC'5T-UFH46. MBM'=CN]Z?$3%+7-1;\O6VP1AH,[64V=1MQ"_E J*]TD\WAE)7#!K0&\YJ8@`DX]P1N)=HF:_&VR: M>]BZN'[?2?C4`P50>JH^T>SG:DAOP]:3\+$T\G3?JY!7G+B-J$:"O()YG&#/ MBLSZB7(-=5419A.-;,E&MM#JC5G%B4:V1H)$(ZNY,+/NH$8C6XD:HK@AOCPC M6YH@T 9?0(WEV_2^WQL202^)2ZT.'\DJ MT4$=:2&(,PA$/YT_TB53^57[A0A+_:-R1HXE]^S*759+OD@BP_2HU?.X^>VK MPSSWH?>U(LC?'X/B[FP-A_9Z-J@I,]Z9"N;M4A--`S!*`]RE(H'3B$-EO] 'C6Q@;%8>C&@/=;6'1P7!CZ.QS:>4*@9W?6$.X77Y M%*)0H7`#?^H'Q,9% 8HL8-RQ>+,&8$3'K*EC/BX(HF/6UC&7 M`\34I$V8&I;G]+VI9#)W5M:CVI:E=@42NTN8=>-TR)AYQ*X(F-:1&"OTMX[& M(TJA("!*!X1>H3L"HFQ`'-IEG#ZU3J/KE;0M;Z([JBI]?G7/]="6KWTZ/6F= M9O)_\MRW?NC>2[606N*[LJ4]:H3P&F'P6"4 -K/9 MZ%2NOIJPU\(0M=:"RE=QJ)$&U!ZIB(:$2VU;R>G>MFE2F\J3^99*FS_0\2SY M[ [@'4JW[Y]];F,RS(/ M OZ#>_Z*`0`]/X(`/7_UA+WQ_"MZ_L-Z M?LTJ=J#G/[3GKQH`T/,C"-#S5TG8Y[$$S_GJ%7'`D/M^L!YZ34QF`Q7S=7[3 MY#[PZ8&:E$V49R0V= 5G;2`F3$::M!#C#M],RVI2"^@#Z9H%J] M(1_G.#=:L0,Y6]=_6&5/78H^%'=.J&A(7@E_($MM@"K+;8#$F2(P5X"9QB2$ M9QH\=_21*OIL>QX7#IVZGZA#15A/ZTAV6N;UO&LX5B1*-=L`6MSEEQDW^]4; M=)I)5^ 3AL(`UU@T'B7+05P -!;L00.! M4#H0&MGL0:-8>]"(VP.$@0XPR&0/&@79@\)2@N$K5V0$#'2O!1_-V'Q%^]1 K52RE2K T BK/Q"4JXG2OIVXSZET!EPYEQ6Z M=,E]'[H>4C.^%M8L>!'D.`Y6['DI) "#)RL?NL`7T^:N+ZB;\.L ZSVJ]*F:R_&5YW-.^U[J_*M:SG3UV!>!9M"0P"THD4G.4^ M0/-=*A0C(PC=VU;\>[V!$X1]*>0$(D^D1P=!J\ %2,KNBSIW)K40D$ZC`N>OXS%]`(T&+= ]USM8!SS#J`V]J@CF* )F+QUD:+BAI\IL?[T@0`J*I*VRUW>:`VM^R[ID3%Y '!" M;QP(>WRU`^8388X\8W4Y_4RM`6CR`[558^Z0C1="R`YQA] N;&&?N>JQYH+34YZ^B*NFS@D,A$S\D) MOJ=6VYT].J>K&CC>3B+S[)$6:W6Q2G0]HC5B+'%8R,F)G43=#HX8YTQ2U M/[QFWG''BB10#4VL*-`3.'T\P,;$6D43:W6`D8R@+V'P@HQF9V-D5\2^]IV* MF+P=UK[7$UY#Z!2ZCH30*0 \*@>U MDM=RHW7G)6IJ,"5 [JC%Y$)TYYL*.A/9(W486UC:TIP\PLQ@X M["^YP''?C[4A1[ AN5.,C(L%F)@2TXAG?=)`,W=C=$+N1&F?;PJ*0L M\]"V;8C^U#/6'[[KQ6K'%+ J8/5YK M4]IN(*!P70[1G6JE ) 5B3\Y";[VY7>22_+'9HP=(TKD@HTRM&.;,$E4_]\_AE\'/ (5LK[Q-;`4=$L[;P+I&, M+UE??QN];JDJ(',XR.?N?*"%>'S!N88-,Y>?M9KO/GSM+3$M@$KR^ZK9*^KP MD3QJD]RP=*CL@RN+C;AI+:\V\>\?8Q2D$WR>R*_?L_+K;.7U8+1C^)BUC=-D MZ(`29$;OJAZE2B.]D112DA@?;P0T_=$?VW19U>'[C[8Z++C\BT491'I@2^2/ MUS89&#/3\4#[F^UGG]@N\':ED7G;'5\(^25S36+_3HGX&)BM7-V XU?.?FZO3Z]Z"_U-;2.I1CRM^=_#>IPZBUU>Z"L6S#T+@? M26UQM4.9]L[5#\3)ORSV()N8-_Q1N -8]/LO=)JKA[C_36UQI4,^ M&G%'%413=9/<>]^3X86 !^H#"3D; ;B]Q/I6G/ ;F(_M+YY6.O=W]G=.X?NO'N%MM L?C_2RUM-S1;]2V?W'XB],#1\$=:MVXK@_1[`XX2FDRZ%GE M"TQ3)0S:CJ4.J3]0D[()>;:I^TEPUTV0[GR:N%:Z$`A=G+9.0^%FZ:R08:WH M^\JPFF!\+K8 DY0ZY:1Y]E-0_`#V'/KCGKW?7F>2X4N-Q#DGS0:IR#/53HJG-/;!(/6V5D IWN0TE&YGK=G6^I1A .! 0YXR'UW5;W""7M_YOS(:\W WQOO="!/U,;>N:BQZQZ4X)KN;Y0L2VOJ 3W]_T;9T*#B8*LN[!5[+"WNA ";.B!N=_`U,=6E+K S_8WD\6F_PP M\'XR8I___K>__TW^.39 >3/ADQ>_K!>&3@J^551GQ$G&[OY$;&&>:7Q]?J!P-^ M,=1/P=^O79A:]7]Z99BR6.;/KYY&WBO#A;A$ 8;K/_]!3 K`,2++=2RX`(QB#CL>#?H4N/0I 2ZHE:5V,HC@TG#WC=%;&,L+7QW+:Z/S:\^` M:(H"R=^,SCP;9?SS%?STZE\!"IA'C3:SEAX(OW[UK]=;$=5\NT24["OUX "6@V4# LG!R#+/Y;G&8K[.S?9V, %,:3$]H:F-$H@ M&[FE5``T'X H#(X,NE:F&M@U)!#`2?'>?`!NE MQ1H'=VP"T`T)`L'@+>"F;P8\=$*:H`.%-&C&I +YRP!SDKX:-I@/*AG+&HSL5"RF@L M8R1&%4H`]?%QPY^CX/;VH`?9IG2(JD&`"1`#S`KQ$4GH&00N(?U";5O^GP&S M!Y0/!!G#V.%%=RS?Y(Y2*YF$D&)4; 22BAJ\(?^'"&ZJ$5VCS M([D!]@$4MLU?I,I(YL!HN;#D2FH`MP7',,>>&]Y2']"DE,`@09+[S6I`,XX^ MQ X.#`!*@P3 M8%]F A^SII"S4S(F7BT8A2]+WS%?A$I9Y*G>9INI2^S_V MWK2Y;21+%/U^(^Y_0&BZPG8$Q19)K=73%2'+=I>F[;*NY>J*>5\ /\# M&ZD+:;#Y[']DAH]NGB$I)YMTTK6R#K#E%[.MC2SKR#N]V->-+.GE.U5)`1O9 M2,Y,>#O"C(K_2&O>[WZ8^O&=&`B:RPZ6AY"N 7+!G_>K5@.[XCVI92_2 7=RS[TUAW[@TZKT]J!YVT MYUZ@/#MY:<>R%0_;5BY0JSZIW?M"IR_0U9X="^8AC,DZ\'LD>G>VYR1H+?`' M,!S' !^?T.:K29V=7G=+3V"AT M9IV#>DY)XOKPX&#E2D0 \5XO MX-9_&WB]N2YQTPV.]18BZ[V/AF_M\)PV8W=3@*X)!HRJT$#H_)2/KUCQ^-9 P()Q%>81O+[W+1C,0[KS9D9(Q*8Q [/++6`1*?>22E8BBR=(%^S"[+%U:@!8R"8*Q2\"X+M)DO:D*P M])LK3[GRBS?;F'&S*+4*)BV%1&^G4,>R8T"H@>O[%!73M[@$WS1"+0&H*G;R MET57&+J#80'"5K'&R_;%6G! W(:A4B?^7+QW[*>&#HG>/'/T[!1)VC?];@,J!70!M S2]/QU=D6-K1I$C8?:,>%`I52Y`6 %W& M\'[SXNV.9'G'6AM4[B&8PSR.QP99%)ZW+]QI=Q?B?+XX?^3W059*#,E`-[;# MV'5 3__;\`M3NJ=H]5;NG:O=4 M[9ZJW5.U>VJ_3%$9+]6:T*X=0]LT;=6.H?U#@4I-"0L8-U^H8VC[)#2AG.J( M.YHO33;WGQ;NGL"];E^N9RO;#_GM`(C>SBG9Z_;9S>$>]3X3PHH]Y+(=H)56 MND&'!Y9LEM7+K6@H1$$"3NTSKWWFT^B$159/L TQK*^6KFW=`U;QN M&:E]X^`_L$LMRUQ;7MIFM6*,K-A R472]SM_?? MP%VQVGL^/SR@=G` UHN\; MO5W`S'@XA[,%>KO/ZEQ-V? ]V]]^2>MV;Z1S._*S5\1@TL4YGG;H1&5_'8?"G[#TX]4Q!5[O,'XNT MN-M,">R9);6#-#;X[42%$,O!'M(@X@I;J6^LC'QK3G7_A?>^?0#N1=GW:0#. MJ >N+A8!V^P=SX); MMA5& DE8 M39V'EZ^FOPAT%JR@7P:?[5?33U&Y"",VBX-X>_ 2>;9`S+P&^E2&7J5^-^_FOZW:K_;>NRID#Q@F"I]5+ M4#PEK7 #@'^\Q.> MIBGV\ '! M0.6Z2@JU)%1V1S?FNWN.G&Z8#5`Q.R8Q6J`"#3$KTENO![;KO\&TZ$K)1T58 MN(.U[O:J;6G*E0Q=!3FX.[\:8VSZ:T6&4K/)2+F53W(M =2Q>]>DO9U:K^O37+HI[$)=_)7:W`;_.UG?\FXAEKK3K6.., MB]@2/[#CNK!>N[X3C$15=V,_K!V'1(+G:WW[2+7VV=9U2*>_!0*\O,KRPD]_ MAPRX]=(8,']4P:P+14$N'_LT,Y)*17%.!57^[O>I'HD127>( X3XC-V1C2 MV^C;YWZ*;2>_P`,8E@R0;?VD%KC8N!M=2=M #MK(EA]>6ZD0ZE_`QR M+[SE#]ZSG#LSXO;LQD2PL[DG?WW=SIS\K'DWL+P :`,RI%MD(I;W*0Q;3_`%TR+T2Q_ MF.\N&KU]UF$`%4+@\`'T*&"-O?4@U%X*0C+,B!#LK1WA@D=XX0DX++Y]#1Z2 MT!G"C_14]'48!LE@".L+`\][)WJ)LS)\'YTAO.^)S_WB%=R&(0((Q _MLASWZS]?)6,@$A]_L40I0O MN;N,8D`> MD#/?^T]N&/B(I+:'R5]11`CK]^X\8?O)&%6AC?+RJXRDL>1""G:`BJ1&:7N2 M&> 2ZN5XL%2.2RWX]#U+/Q,5 ^EK>PO3V0/PQ#$!WL#WQ$,*O']U8:F:Y MV_D8`TH0'T@BN,U1]"@&U- :&^/H8>,SQ%LY)S.@1A=LWH./ZMN^XMO>/ MQ`;^%`L1P87ZPT9FA35@-I/:57FR"1NR"C),^(>R5.;RI.2*@\U;UTU+'XV5 MG@U1F?1TIC>9QJ,OFW9=^1D5[:_DU);?4&IZ7O13% &@Y(HQMEP*M@B2T[FS?!H[@6TX2Q MAR[PG6 L1" M93/Q*6\S#JR1$/2(&QH1I1'^$@\#>*]X"X#H B")82G4IH69^;/7!+.!S.'!C]0?I!\&(ROP"1CQ ;%J`U PN^". MY4QUL/7,Q;>BH!\_DR5#SH&F/L``QG;/';D8ONRXH9.,HABKTP(2C.R)0@LK M(;3C+6"I;[\'V]!0:EIOA6,G 9E1X`T-3,NQ?7P]%'84X%69(*8))1@VK=LX31 *GRI`1#SB=PP91K:>+\$19^' M">QZFLX?`77'2P98XH:2\$F,LKN`(XA"@+(I" >BB"-[]K^=R8,P')!:/ IL\BCM,VDZL-F.19]J4.IC:(W\S90-BB-3K@0@G4'!V/5`'2Q$"(X&U M`;\/> ^2S"\Z4+3&K M(,H4&[9 =O,(?8N%Y@AOYPN-PYH@A&'&! M8E%@]0#=&EIT1DX-R\4ZQRPF(I.F3`>*\T8R;:-8F7C$ZJ,$ 1\.:FS)0GL8S,.\X,>>>'/-_)C[9C[,:$%QRN%=L6&X8@B]H[()T MAA!%O6=!TIZ4ABW@%+'KBUDG\9I`:R.T8_A"$K!Q*)[ RF/V#CE%(P[EY=&^`JJ%B@X5S(^L)R09LH2>-(TPV@/_XQ.%S,F2/+;D@ M/".;LNPQ(B=@&F*C27N(?A6@&8L-F)03HCX`.S,65B3@*GDDFH:3.5_I@HN$ MWJR0FDX`]!$H*T->RK]=88K`AOS[F?0Y Z&#XIP2J[D&9(T8*7,V?%.8Y[C4?C M!^&("&82LLFA*\V A Y39"IL,D! )(WYF1L!W0J?&O4>`VM]#U)NP"I?J;I(BG>@'`E+6#1 M'XA/B&$^J3D!Y@)Q,^"`#B;A`,/CY)+*J%*`QX`N=MA3Q3(`&GV\ E8R MAJFCL7!2QL57=4J&:[#AA*TX1(_=%"WY/F+@&PMB"L>8!_8]+I'ILD:AF$L$ M>(8Z-V,HP@D+J]@# 4&ZS4*FN*M&6GQKB@+9"^CP+MR$;YUJ SG]RH3`*A!?/W MO%$&#X)0H4H6FV`#X8#)@$H7>1X"?7#(1P6T`C-'Y!D"D6P"^62Y60XSD:(X MJ9+,W*6(3H9F6B`%)W.)`[-Y52G[+@@)7M@QEOK2_@$0_AA$T6?_T @ MAL:33X1=:=7%Z!9-$E]!K-Q@\&`K$W^[Y$*R._CLJ["/SWWEH/Q-Q)_[ !>$X@)'%K\+N M_1N`CZ:%!7V?YY=Y,,S:37;?7U@-^QJD?MM'$<>>*/ K;54$_4#X"=5 %+:N(Q1O/_RN.". M;Z[7V3`:=\4[P?_>^ZQR_`[:_Q=A>[*0U.?^.]$7Z%O!37`PR29Y4QX]5UR3 MN2_I-'V0KKP'4"R=R6:"(I N@X:*S@^'WT&SP)#?B(9 MV!:ZT?=(N9W)LD'Q9Y&*G_+L9S1=*LM)T[J/T1)"QFQ"*'P%2"?%6&7]%%B% MC0V=RF".)==@$:EKS/`?ECNH\8M0##$U%",$V3?;T"8:?.1)P#8]PX'=Q#,T M/;5R:C3;D+W--!DJH&;=4EU,+6$CH&F9TZ$Q@P':,F/3:TZ`9UM0ZHE-(5[T M )R1(T$1AGA3!#Q](C>LT,6V`,X_\G=3RD1>P` -(^4I$3G(U*KK]B+ +TR6C]1NC!R/OEXZ#:8C\T/T M:G:^P'P&R]87^($#+%VQ?!+1U5XM;@G(P0W'Y"*,I0"QZ0/:RS`938! %AO+>3WVST2GWN&[/J/3Y(=P**L@O+;1DI9HG][",0 M=,*8/0*>%'T(@Y',04&AQ8F71 A9.W(-O YN;- M]AM KTS88SEQ90EF9LO&@/&]@P[,Y(UFHK\T9E6^YTJM_SE7$U;G0.?T4[ MOIJ%W5L^Y%;FD"O; UX]0' QG$0^F(2_8/5G!R9WS;.7,TB#'.ADL+SMP3G@WW*J`']PM?@ MD1);'CG\^H/.5%G=EG*3JQ;0XL4OO83IU;^S)]%O00R0?"M`=Q/P68!`Y[\5 M7T0/!UO&%)9?-EJSLU4.SK(+GS_[](KO0:L%Y1EK3C]PG)A;4HVH?9%%UEN' M+0#+NKPQ9.QK:&-$SQT%YT]R**L\US1!1)$E^N5_VO%__A$&R;@8/]&FG@'1 M]44.1H7[W0>P?,*0/-CWXS`8;Q$@(+RL!)`'#R-JW'Y_I7(A2Q*V+V)06NHC M2X/.V`>:W5*ZUNE]D)\I4Y'@3F5+;M;5=9U=TZQYIU=)'O$/0?@'QGW= V/66-O95.$,_\(+!9-EM=:XO5MK5QK>AM7$RY-(%D#\ON)-V M)RN!;6(K974WMW)O6FNCU_E,]%I],VO=F^MLB;Z5-G:UI8VM F#>>R]L8NM[2Q->[-Y?E^ M(-OZ]^;B>D',P^P6(]I@L_5C6Y=90C0UV:H+639$JW5]OJ6%+!O[EY-`9RTD MB2F9'4Z-3`1?!*8QS'90+`N6S%J*YUMO0:N%4,]=BJQ0B1H*6B>26(2/NC[+ M!O'W*D/F9LRZ]M*6/KJ+B\J6MFS,T]7U\DOC`N$R;&]#)=[DYZ(J$AL)\)E1 MW6TS-=V67/!B]=TR-=W.FY8$O:5@O[$";JOG,&[SH/Z0:6 J].\/?F8S,]1LJL MI-1`^14%X&$DE[2L8PP98.`[X9!T1_5R6C *GR/6T9*"E# M^8;N8(A]IB_/K!& ']L3+(>A 2\8F7M.@PGAT41VS XR" M/X238`6@J&F]*WI#5L^C2@!F P1;=".L1(.1.`8?F M$:KE^>#6[RH61O/-MG$J\5>7=,B ARI%L#9?LMI_&;I ^)XNF" @X`@B^A%!=W+W.I!OS$DO_EI5WB-2NDVT3A_FRLA&55,HEC(;LZL MH`]X?69S)[G>Y9&='2"WF, M^0%71GW!T)50 MW)^&=`Z^LZ!6Q;;F-T;-M#@M8!-;7^+56D"<>8T+]W8`X#=)_M;7>%G#/[_$ MZPJ7>+YQ\!\8Y:6L>#1, \S)4L MV_J M`]@AV7O=7D] QHS+H;[I#W4IR^MGJSW^L8"K8.N7(C+,1.PI1K WYRM^^V/7+2+FU`;_P MUN'\FQD1HR)@9&1,12=0Q3;G&TD/B(ETYBL(^T],CNKTJ[46SO=FU,=?Z?%7 MZDLI U1TJP5HF&"(-QH?9X99]+`GKW,)SY MWJ=^6P3 I`7US'I2$='F^@[T[B1L_K6-]#FV2GX=E;#?6M,`SA I_-5WZS>^[05I]YF46KKTNO;*=3!+-"N`#V1)'M,VR1I M?JZRN_^6Q6*+T7F%:[Q 8%9H+X![1=_`Y3* M,Y;5T8[Y#KQ>($1AUXI;U3'DU291K$>$=@K_`[O7'X)0P!(L\ FSJ3VNM<>U0$VQW3"- MN\S4@JT=KUNS!;;JRD.[-;S?O'B[(UG>/:.$R$SF PZ+HB- ZI_3)%9;Q4:T*[=@QMT[15.X;V#P4J-24L8-Q\ MH8ZA[9-0;A OVV0'7/-YG M0EBQA_QV%"0^R)%&X9O`IZ(H71O$3$=8T5"(@@2 ^\RGT>ECX`].8Q&. M-N$NVV-:6RE?W;P#JN9URTCM&P?_@5WJNR0,L46UY]I=UW-C5QRUL^]U:[W4 M\[V28@_1UW'`KJ8#N]DINU[F;N^_@;MBM?>\JAKU^T%:]O_\]TX5/H+C7XZT ME3E35BWQ7BE9_!K$MG=$9[K]:MY[9V8\G,/9`KW=9W6NINQ[AV@&9>>/U= S.=PYF?M3H>@R;6Z:Q3-RHN$VX\4U"M._/'5.GN7)7IW#D9-;V[ MH?77_,O&T_M6/MYVG&24>'8QF,KJ=#^+4%A_*3O[R\NL+*\J`:/'4-=CMK"4 M+ &QAPPT#+[I?$C""/;\XK@ MY,9#"Q^ :_E0M@`JK`TNGVG/?Z2UP#,K#K,!T\#5 M5E2G?"'TZ[THA+Y$\?.5-)-5]1"CU=2+J4S>K@+OU)W9`:Y57)G\!8!S@:KA M&Z2'50@ & =DI;?D [?LNUI.V+(#I%G M_0#[%P>R3FN1^\8?C\TJ6!H`Z6:-'I3S!QKQ:!R*(9I(GK"B$/R-I?GASPAX M3W_)AF]K&CLN7X"QX[(V=NS V04+)] MM7`QARE9;M4HZ/JT5CZM\B9C!@GAC]4;.O E;LC(+DY-U0H>F[ECJ@J M;]R.+EP-E0/TZ[U^T4T9*B5#MR.T$/Z' H&VN7M+3H_C`-;KO7F4!U"M/''`E2>/ANJN$'AW`-$Z MU1*2+4-L+Q"^/OWZ]`_C]/=,)SZ"TS\:9D=!AKF@'1_4#@[$ ZI^GVQ1HADI; QR^Y&@58HG"W0RW@R# M6LDM6D PY/Y8QWCSJ?RA[#$C[%P8BL.+)N= M3#/*PY84= M6>+?B1M/ )6:57B64?0NC@O M>:NPEC$7(WZ0J%-42%DOG-=LPY+E%UT[2CL'HC8Y&@F_)U\'E$81!U`1Y1R% MWJ*H1/`1X,)[(B )J-&31FZ3=:Y\4H,VN2 MRQ50LV1E!"*D5'A5X-^K.0A^4T)$Y3#7@(YAD`R&\$>[W;3*CP8/(8/#D3W" M8XF2T9B1.,$?854C84 7Z&VC;+G5\LD/+5JBZ[ M;'O%QI8S)A6)Q1 363B 4:KYJ7!XR1!T:OOJ!= MA(RR3BAL=@]@)`-PO:7Z9^R0@G6:"U12/>!0?-C?:LD0!Q+IWFE>KI8[=T1B M@S;]>H$_.`5Y>T0"!-[,4,1)Z%N!OU0[D-U?2R#CZ_'#/;^65\VKU1+"#^1: M7C5O-G]^!ZTAOEV@NU2M%]9ZX9'HA2LFH.V%%+Y'?`(4[/7XQ#X#LM+Z*\WR MGH7[#\CEZ-5ZT7^'I4&N&[A9K:YYL7"EYWW.`JM8?]UVF/W19 */=8BP+(.=A!RIV0--P#>CQXR(+,MS[:[KN;$K.#B+@H=Z5A)AX*=M]4Q9 M,`TULZV)*[R>Y23ADX`)GH07C#%>#*-[;0O+8O?A/`,DMD-`3>O?"8`MG@"U M#>%'&BOP>Q$-V[-N;ZT@A/7%L0BMYV$080Q9G(3IL@CH`B-NXB&%/8G2F#B8 MDN+.,-ZL:7V`@;-!HPWK67"\E0V?.";+4C%9V?W"4$5'Q:)2*XOU/\&X0Q?F M"84,Q(H0?D)RFJ`_^_A)C *NR,RS(&&"D7DN.5,/"+`=T?EVB^WU\5RA6$6F:F@ MOOSZFNWE,AKW*N$2>Q !&"K.;W=D0L^O7=BT=/;($NK0C!2:&F]5J+F M&_*_S :A'8E6NR*JA0F)!U+ MI;FCJC:U7V1F'T]_EQ2EU#=D$!3^6+TQ :RP-:(F]+HH52O67[1MG*=W[O M/XDH1L.E]1BCL6HPF0&!K2,FO#T45H!6-,\#D1%E2"P1A1:T3\X_110%_JLH M:T&6C15=ROX=@+1)-K &&, 4U6/!D+E=FLWX\8S)C'CV8$ MYF5V[\^$?V=S,V4P8T&*,'ARX:/G_CMQ>VA\[).A.I^&[5/R;BBZ-D#$$1G` MP`_Q4+BA% "7*93IS3U1P`\D4KQ$$OLC3S)U4U M)#U90(BRESLY4[W5=W]0S4#JZ&D,02=9-DHNL^XG*KV"UX2:A3*RD7,Y'8XS MZM&5XMC1D$:G#[AX$!3QF::U(KQ:G,M=MMI M?*@,X;R?PZ MO1WN@ENT#Y#G/2PT0*Z1A'8R%+V!_D,WO\V,F!Y&X:D `]JN!`S(KVP2XM]B-F[GZH$$#TX&B3E)G0NRG9 ML)[M"-:,:V.?K[D*Y>N=T!&&;O0=KJ0'_!H7XPQMY*P`A0C8:Z06)\MVP/-` M?V*"W,B>8)4/YIE #YVI!8BZ>S"X^428`'[0(^,$&V>!? M5+/C$Q=IH>OZL[5+01!Y$GM%J0`4JB%1ZMF>*NRB\93PIJ1(4T-&%2!:]7'3 M7*@$,"?$%P"I)N9=8,98^.`0YHF'H0"4QNL9Y>LXI8@NL=CUQTF H [:X@>7^&;74.TP$Y=0W1%B%+'B@-D7_.8 MTM95D;LRF\,T,`_5NYWS1)Y5N,;6>O4(:C`N"\;L(FLX9M>X_V5I#@&*[?5B MDXZ`:4@?06IAK[KS\MFJ;]93[F#*E33Z!?NB52LL&0ZPK6/\+OGM6>4%6PZ' M#=:;.R[$/!KJ]+[8]W[,^'# M)&0B?FI5H9[R13'C?Q1% MKQTSQ3MN W=5']T*)U%TVYO:8T>"H "U*%N;@M'=S24ZK8X\8@":RB6_)@1X[BQ_JAW=]2;V\+1'0W! M^C`KO?&8D>*X,;[R]D#UT>WOT2U'K'9.DBBENO8.U5.^`/;[)5\DX)A)VU'3 M[:/>7.NJWMW+)%"?"ZN4S(77/J:F[C5QJ`&6O9)556X\&HC5*'9(*'8T_*$D MWW8I0'8`D+T@Z7IB#\JLSD\\6WXS.XUZ6;?35GTZV\P@7+>GU_P-U<>S3XK! M'JD]YZWYC0N/W-3X13C"?>*R:U.PB))Q90MYW2HH_&,LX`!M="]SRAW>YQ=_ MFQ_L27V5C_1>K3!EK>_F\/)%=,/8C&9M;:".X$'HWKNY!D=RF^MM[#^A6% MTOSV3$.TUIIF`UH MB==;X3FYJJ07+;/2]HU>5'>=6[9FI>T%RA.O)-"N*KY>I[SL>,M@O["2N'4A M[+H0]F%`]/@*8;=V!M&M%\)>`IX;E!"J$(;K4MC[4 I:V, \I: RD6B5)JBMC'].4M7>HKHR]?;I==,2=TB,^EEWO M_D@K[\!1)2NN0\Q*0?.KZ`T6I5C[6`QDKZE@=0";HI>K5@1ZL1`\")1;M_SJ M7@!LORA_)>5G-J"M==>!V:[S<>NBS-LLF3W?C5.?SLX,>& -9( M/SEFO>=\\:SK8[5!UB6S7Y") #BE 99UI36 MM+X.I6-9+@;^,5?8+ZXFD$;8FU\^N_'0ZHEN?.JYWV%Y0SNT'1C&C6+7B2PQ M&@]M@"ABK3'%R([-48=`S2TG%+!CZ]\)($ ?&S2,W[@G](?CDS`Q:K@@`T\BGP/SX5H*IR) M$\.!PE'#K^('H+,_D$@Z#EU'`'H&L7PC%'8/D _#\`L@]->\+QK22VDP9-'M$TB;X00,@ M!#8B-T`1UR8'A"H2;R*K'X3E!`+G8_P`C`F_B[@F&:55;=*#;/_-*JS]H>@% M7BS*MJ?["TP*'DNR=`*+3\,MLP9Z'+B.H=47/;Q\E@VWT"$"[F3S]Y>9PB`\ M?[-&I8FVYI#(4*V@"P?%[_%C/)ZMQ\"5CH/`PS?4=S`%B0PE67*`C(!@B+N+ MSN9+##?FHB\B*0N`^.*GLS>M>W^ M,NF21.42L8U)-O(\B^04V*P>K&E]2KS8' VNLJ994ET@8R`FH3-2$ MNB'AU.,@P88"2'[,%#26VA:0,!](9,@4++*Z-EXJ%&4-*BD'- +'A#!TXTD+ZGO! *7YDT@D7,0&8%^KU]'P">H'O3.14 M/1$![&`:-"C0$@B)W>@[CD@"3M_#^137^0=0#48U/'Y/_%`\`QY/D0]GPF>Z M86##DL?`7\-D1*J-L;@&/9/?^=JX 94B9`2+18'&T MP1IE3W['@]@>X`6 MX5)9?"O95"-=E88@86^*L[%PAK[[[P0I:\EA;(0-*JMHUN1NV$J[H?77(AMJ MY9W3>+T%[=*.B":3\3/P@/.1#$S TH8B%L5Z M@)]2D)X(&^1[9**]7)]+NE5HG2](N)W%\O:B/^7-1D99X)'-+'>?)EH-=(9_ M;]VPKZW&!.6Z=AGMRBL.QB!Q_3W)G]/WJS0DHW@7:P!@C5=W%\A"\NF!0ZW: M63=P17:?IE\W==UMM,_>T,X/Q=G%FPMDVT6OS$HFV1W-KL_L\,[L E]\\3./ 9 M_;3](CTU],N7V*ZAOT/2L_.R^KO/?4R`L=D1.EHBVY-^NDC$L2=&:[=[7S[S MM RCV7)WN'N8Y>@J/Y+]HK'["*^C/I+7\_6@(Z@Q .>*[^\^IH/`%SUK M@-4,`C\3-!O%KN=1Z&S%)KE*L>!0K$\O@##50*FOSZ'1T+6]2;5BG*W"?I`` M.VY+557='VI+U?X=?FTYWCL:N2 V;\8HF_(1/RQ^B+/*Q5OJ#PK]"[PN8*?*M5PQT5D MO[C1]Y^G"TC_=:T%+K6R/X0EN-0(%B%)0JS='+G2'AZ]DK51L$I4'Y`D2`N@ MB!]N%`L4%6$[6*O'[;L.%OQUS+URT5#>+!7OL>F;K&C9M+Y273JJ+YIYF2KG M/8O07*2N'U58H%B7R(`GBP!(=R9+,'_":GNC(-2ELG(@T"5BHJ9U6[!\73BC ML?B,^$KIPUE+T$\P(1U,ZJ!(L9D*OP2C, ;Q`)+5MF6GXRZL%=5_DIO/H- 6PJ>GBFY.3XYUZ`)?6/I+K$O ,V^0:2MG- MJL&B!JP'%N3VX7B*'T'$'QMKI:HYO%A V5AR'J927+2\'%-#LA3)7,[6+2ZW"['G'8`;:_B9X#*H?['( M $$R1?B']8^YYNK)1A"R= RV/I[(.'\R/_8?F+#_"V%5`+@B&5]C0D0P;,\#/$3%V0E M8_RS3%RYNLA+4T037)2I_'@(0H6>#245X!PL!>,F@6^=QO:/W%U#E%]^SJG! M'3MVAJ ?WF$>S]R90'!TAE3ZOF=@`5#(\2S0U,:A2*= M`CM$S-I$ZVQ*#F5JJ@[E%4C;;AC%I2-TIM\?9XZQ-U/0O,C/KZB2#W>M]*WV MW$DS#V3K09.HA*B& 8Q%SWT>(% /RJ132-F6)D;JMG,28ZS?J ?6"M0W>L M:-'[Q\](BX;`> ;-"X9$2&QI=A76E47K> MCM+/B+T35&EME\O6\F"RG"-)!72[^&L"A'Q82IT\"HZO:^T"3'SNYN%S#=4N M>WQ4U5X"/VAW(&:C4AU@X78;!'N'UJW:=OB]5#K%03)TD!>E=Y_OHH/%>^5J M N`+DVA1D*V'BE M3"I%4Z5BGI3RSF[RHCJU^S%93-H8P97G%[`,RV7PHRBQI4TF1EDU`:[/*VM: M'[BB-K'T[*#/&.X(.H&4[6DX-79^F*.ED9^ 29D9":70 M(Z330"?9^T>J(B#JDC653OXQK0S\$?YA75'J/TWK,WR$X_2L]E7#.'P'M))8 M]>4`M"&S+=4[#YY4%=>>&Z6L P7,;K->D$LPBRGJ#\DIF; M)!>;5')7HUL\=,->CE*=+0S8JZLU`5O`&E[C]R>_&S\\R&%`F%@"[BQ+$X6. MD@@E>VQ-1=T!B'CBY[!'Q$Z3/R*SQ$(,1-=W!7$]I>!%*\1M `B5)4(30WC=0VJUAV5GXG5B:7I-B;J6/"+G%U:!W" Q#5VV5^3Q*%8=!;\FA6JIZ^= VQG!L4$P[C1*=/D@]:_&#L0[RFN1EAT"'A ;^W],(:#>\60_(OM!$_DRD^>PRQH$X3#A!\O=Q4\ M^+^$I^^SUNQI/,T'#BX'Y?7"&2Z,2)/C+0Z]BQ*HK?;.@E:W'9_Z\L"Y3*Y_ M# 4]OHRE> FWZ)JX4R"0^!+]P%W-F>"Q]-@2A*QI4M MY76KP)-@+*"VP&TSJ;:VP&T+P`=,V?>`;!^+`/YY+$*9$,92^#&4E:M6F3W, MNG*[A%A5)>J/5__?D,UQ M:5@3VNEU(:"^K!J.\&+(/C\494(VFY9H.WN MN:4T[VG5/S]K92=P*VL.A`*CKCF=Q,F8*4"4CFVJ%N%1J9>`ZA_H?(PB9[ A&#\Y:QY U9WMVSU; M+O!V('QG8LRKM@?8?HXI#4$R&&(^XI7>XT)K7G"7?\`]_:*R&W>TS ;9R%ABI-UC!2]3%;$ IN4O6C V*9D.LZ.L'PM4NTD6M+43G)+$PETJ6P===(-N3LPC2;,)]H.-MI?'ZUF7R^ MUD:&V=!,G5VF.BYG=36.(6-8V*25WYQ#QP? 9Y>/DTQ@VF M+I;!9_MIC"DJ%V'$9G$0;^]^X-W6TABK!.?+.[/MY$JF?.-8SJQDEIV V3BYV>!?G1X]ND!8>#%3F![=LD$(M"97=T8WY M421'3C=N1T$8N__1K8 2C(BS ]6V-.5*AJY,7%.;HN1W?C7&H1N$NC(T\M5-AI>O?))KF4,J)J^O-QE> MOFL] QB5Q&R"(I+/5"Y]B]^T$X8O,5-AZCE@+ ?'5-03!U\=GAGMM7@LVT' M,I52E:T+%6^GY`4+6ZL)D&]\F:;!EI&Y\O6NI>:#B-VXJ#1ZJ3Z`Z0.8;ZBO MQ`V^NQN?"5W +_ M;5&@TS'?@P5 2/*\8_K%%/ F2IB6D>7B9I/E MN/00OAB*(5:??,("3!CF2#$#V2)`_'!9!2(@X&E-)'2A4?DD],MP722LQ9/- ML1&TSK]H^.1JA6;Q3'DZ:=32=R[*WZ%:0-DLAU#TW'CSBRA^IVE]9F#/#M7( MGM6,\RD`*FKR,W?3*=X-O*4/;(&#N5SE8%JSIFXI7#F;5UE*%5+=SUOXA[!$ M%+LCN%M PDS6&7V7M QHTX=71I(/BKA^GDWX`%#]A*)4 M[`C' TWK/9R48R8F*RO`@O7'.#JK05 HX3X!\:+*>5'2C=S> M!"F' L*_5WSW+\[TDY+# M`+E*G[XVZDFVV[,`0[NW(^1//EV7R![AJJ)D-&8JF41 _MYE?X0**Z*WJG])$)[(*R>&SDLI,#1I`>KR>@ .$RO2KE/\RR;_/Q3 M8\:SG>S)_$185/;X5?/Z,O>X/,%V(\?:K'F;5R)7RAV`[4>X[2?;2P1>["(D MG[GU\V9.7YNY]3R89FZ]`%)E6S]*7+[-"5ZA9.;R%! "#)ZP-BJ13B%,L(23M(TT+17ZBB?"J44B5:F+`Q'Y/WB98&I-)%2QL*@#% M3,TTS,S$KNOFV1(( 9YZ)Y73`/6MQ@&E.XQDO1M#X47Q+@O U,IA= M"MJH&1V*)S=((F_RJ_!Z9HWWMXGK48#[K++1;2P;??ZM XL2W2.H00K=^CY9W#T?BAOC-W=`.04\\UNK9YTU+PL#20*"K0&"P4CA8 M$A#3N- Y;$0F3Z3"R>X>Z.L0XT*AK,/H!CT/Y()!T&T=A% MBN-X@/V*PH5 `:9B()^_$QJ"A\#R!$NS,QCS>R``D +M%@0JM5.BD@+C"Q`063)FC-0")5OL9?@]#]C[0G/(!J.H#/ ,*9MP49QY6IE[S&":!RZ0(9E`7WKD^W# M3<>'Y=3GU^V_6:]/?OW/^R^?3MY,09O9-QTBL+_$BZ5M#KGA:6S_0#,18/U, M76ZV304P!EY^QL8#,PQ"V2'4",_VK.XYLXU?9\6+R@\93+6S7!S_$'0C).)H M(6&+2B0DQ*0X##PS"4,&:NF=DH>0A;A4%Z,96SPOWB*,Z@?^J6-'0^3+0,7 &W2Q[5%,:CY,/S$$!/@58,WC#@(\'%@CC-=K MS-!C2PZ\3Y965'1\1\QX_ZK\=2>!RSA"^1>-$3C.'.2;M99`65_Q&(Y3(?F, MU-5`#8T-0Y!'^$#@`F>5#J2'! )@(B"#FX#B>G:'C5MB(9" MJ#8'J,;8H> +33OB;1]33^MFS'0 ]H"T3QP%V ]_Z[,0!MMS@ -J`2MN11 M#63E1!U[J7E["KQJTL8 +OY7 M+F/.J.G\C\X0:+4G/O=E-]$OVB]_[]^F!E1R#=Z9_GGNO/8QB**O2*LW8[_A M^@JYH@I&O04C_*:HOL+E/M57*!K&B.M9(/;1#!7*[W%346/99%^]O6NS4,)Y MB?%LR>:VBQG23$%_#ZHAS#P#+U\-85F(+%@9H=IJ""4H407>F1VL*\:UK55# M>+'@7*!0P0;IX8H[6VI3OTW%]DUO,7>$F>C5_.%7L>;Y8;F%2ZRTEWS[:N%8 MZTR8_Q6%^1>A10WA'(0[I57Q#^P./DQ5\%X4_(4(,I/^[O[ Q'_#F2B/L M#PPED2W$(2C&+L>^+MZ193TY=#LRQ%YC>PVPQ0"V974H)V=6>MN^!J`T;1Y1 M]EE".R24;%]=+KJ?*5G.6O->UZ>U]&F=+\*$^:/*02MPO&S>C%ADHIRV5>,T MON-Z+K';S_V/&,SR%9VX^"L'PF&0VMZ8*#O7&[$MWE15`78SR]VGB58#W?H2 MJ3KYA83RE:7Y'&.^V9G]YXNP/>M]A&ZU^6:@.;M8`P!KO'J],]C]*GJ#0X=: MM;-NX(IL]%IN6?PN)BS>,7LC*M#C]H9V?DC\WLPX\$/T150RR>YH=GUFAW=F MI(W49W90M+'$^K.Y,]L2CY_'N2L&XUL9QIRO9G*V!&CWWQ)3:%^YJ7")K?F] MJ-?5^`X-_- MKSS?"[Y7C;CQ1(@+%AN&O#2.B+ M1!Q[8K'RM)MUK5=Y^*];\P-J=GV'YM>'W2S\JT2]`C&J"M)7`Z6^J57>U`-C M"%\Q1J>/.7>4=?]72@JDS#7R&UJ;++^\J_"3*G%W_H7>1WA5?B3[16/W$5Y' M?22O-UE(>&]9P0$=?J7L_44 D M^>XQ]"MUPFP>_`>F^/[N MWW):J^5K"$1@KZL.O+<>'02,73J3 73CYC(8]L3XM]520'NLK!_0[6A='0_%.HK#K[E5??;UV;^\LW\Q1-^0B?CC M0A41-E6U8+&*"(^"RA`]N?'D:W#'/5CO?=61[98;LKV3=>&_V+'8F]((E]LK MN[J=2@*M\VW4";A AMD:55(B`HMK=>J6\P; MBSNK_9EMP[Q$F 04^VOLCSTI2578D6 MNZ(JV*^(.V*YCH6-7*@I_"(UB??11+%+ZO$BXJ3W^O1W25%*,Z\V97)9TRQ2 M9'OY"..Q_(#-@\(G<>OW9#>GE6TJNA^1;!/U.7SD0N>Z)Y- L/^K_8LM-Z[V/'Q#UH(33S/*;L(ANTA93!9_MV MD?0"%&'$9G$0K^]^X-W6X@:J!.?+.[-E$KWV$YS5G%G)+#LYLP7JE&V0:2ZQ MLY4W=?O'@^5I.0X[$:-,B8%)73%P?>K$C'W32=N K(D7'9WRTL9X('= M\0=[0DE8ULCN%;@T-RA?;\N2LL/+\7J!4I&;`5D5N]FD\;T^_OKXJSG^@V P10A1-L7 ?WBP7GQOW2\TC;UD,SW[E1'+K= MA#3CQ\"C#^OU3JEBV8>0,M%>..@YHS">D\)8`W@!`,\W"Q0N ]NBYWG]O@REE94/+#+ M>!>$XR"TXTTZ D'0]L1?W]6)^BGF9PK3J;:I/:_73FA^+N":SV,O#69B0 M%QW784B/!N662[W))`)>E;.]`^,+=T%$#2*YY/L4B*)D7-E27K QP#@'?Z"D\&-HJ%&M,GN8'35V";&J MBLX M[`1N1UBC++)"X2"^]*PX MH)*#J9D"1.D8VWP"T@AO@K\'26A] /-_-':FTP M8X[+HJ:7#7PN"I[&M\5;.Q*]NV"$[U`T]&T88@TW2OI\.TF?D8F@M\]VV'MG MQ_87X=FQZ'T-'F,8__.8WG5D(;B]J7S?V4A MC/'H\_!V'&+=`(' 70RVT7.E^B#7HPO!WBDT MCRX">Z?0K"0`^_+"9!'MZF0_5;#VU.8RL-8`Q*`8B9VP^K9+^T@$DT$4>*R` M)!YK15=!E9V=VF?-!>+VBG2GSB%[8RIMGG7=[!R%/V;WD&PW+TJC[38HZ%:B M3PX&H1@@!7']&!2UR'4D&0'"(7Z(T'$7L'366+,`UIRM9I:L"=RB/.1J?@AL MC:@+(&JKM!/\@1&W.SL:HJ5,N$^@1R?CFJ1M&E,6KKQ2D[25 OX#I"UD0S '&20@C+7I`*^?J9UZ\6?7%(YEQ.90J M(H_M4O)8*;(9*D'B,]/, J2-;QJ>.U5@LS,%(JJTA]*4R^B+V* Z>Y2/,.FD SW@1&"6V4E"UT'_FN[O53,6>O\JEC\XJW7=W?)KSO-\_EI.H 2V&LN@-D MX_IB"SU`C^IT=BCI- E(PF2L)0^(`O'!!HQ?8/P(YX.`R\GNL/"HHU$2#G M.Q3*C?J&'V">YZ',\ @[-O270ZL.WQ MMR7 K3T_CW;KZ,\CZU7;]_/H5'L> MR7CLN2*\]]'ZZSZ)Z`$8JC/9BK]R'H]*V=OL3]X./%4*4%8*J9^GF=U?EU[7 MR@OZ(.`EY&_PX!,:E;!N5Q`/88FN7F*:Q=T/@Q&P1MY$U.#41ZP REH ,A2^L /H`+O.6WD;?/O=3!C2?)9^U,S0G-_9* ML[;GS]JZ6&W6'1*HG1(>M?_=DAVXP\!"0/IUJ4:$1`1[8+L^WB9Y`WN)R%& 7:`NN`HF;Z.F]94(CERQSAEB8J%W!+>X2[XYN.9_)CVJ[FK9_1C` MKR@7;0$I0&S'L`6@`0XI'$`JDAB^]&G)`#YW!)L8`BD-8)>V1[&(H2M@AZ2. M\"`I0:8_QW!%^JZ3P@&)U2"T1Y+B^1-)*;%:K>OCK*X/3&#$88_VD^UZJ)D0 MK15H@D.HFK2QX&3P1;I%KI_`.@$`KIRN]V K(`%&_8\Q2VF-V?'9:#018EE->+BMN(SRA`OPW9*Z&M*B'_W MM6`@>A^"4`!Y?&^'/EW&):CP3,YP??)+1XK`BC7,FM= 8VP+7,CW0.9B5T2;D1\6$!@J#J-I M=9J6VK.E-FVI74]3B&Z65FQ:5 R MH9X0`820==M^#(J1.QK;_+0+;`#F"D;`U8&:$Z_VI=`3#Q.6/]2"7+9:,LX# M'0@G$N,=%S_+ZR#D83:MSTDHY2IX>>B.(RDTP3-`&N()J21 BOP':Z7G^IW)-_8'BQLC/.Z M)`S\[J?ZH/H:1DECM>'P1(I(6OM,OPJ>?5P_[@O>3%DMUODAV2Y6\&;`C$FL M2U! ?`A"=V&:!!"Q28KN27@7;^FE*!V13$,Q"?FD`Y!^0$>T) M:"5(HH@T LD_>X?Z5LX_1^$=G2W3E""[@H0C(@2 MV'29D;9@`KB%4AUR&SY7?=!L'(CTU@$I2=:.I>YAW),EW!!S69C![5#D]` 7A_'_EOLLVLZ7]?L'=9%;WB6\RKZQ2N(`P#A(ORCRT M)Y3_HB^/O^\CC(`2[B>,.HO#Z(\@_`Z/W-EC-[:]6])[1U-*@S)QM2^R0'F; M`#\%HG[K`'.)7-H?+A1&_O9/._[//\(@&1>+_*TS4^8_._GE4DK\I2OB1 N>;/.?"0Y\QR3OX4N_U M-@J)?^#+Q=N]S&DXUU?-ULU__W7EW4P!@]@$8!'2RSMIEUG+-GI^=J.5T=GS MK+F6!2RFERU8SAIK^:(9*V!D%&T"/E [=7ZS^H*244(R]3L4PD&0 M11H.GSU!K,?O`6##V/T/??\0!FA%G"#'B^&W]UH!6L]G=%%TN3:RL,JWNXBS MJE/]=C^CQH&7)11#M*,]@0:`IFBZ4/P0?'?'UO9[_S _/R^WQ=.#(]\[F,IW'6.OA@$VUOL?L%G/JZ XBYAL`!.7*^*$UN'P4;.^'I5 (H9R+;/O3/7CCT']G= M][YT!JPE;%UT.M.&I^)YUEW,`N+3Q=6T66Z9Q41?@]\"7P9@,C98;N_O)_>Q M&)V>G5VW3Y;(G)HOB-^4@JY@(2NM^.IFF14;;E20.,F9)E'ZD4,"4^IS)WF7 M6#`/I4`/W?16.UO:JADEJ8,D%]QV@;-GT]N^W-*VOPIGZ)/$LNRF.Z67 ID5;_$B%O@)-KW5V51R]:VN #9[T\O$:N."V],FD$T?T]4R*][B36QO'R/GD,F5M[K63;S:_A&? M;VG?:]S$:7_?XIM6MM4/06BZ`# M M`I%GR>4!'I3H*A2:U,V'O'T1K&4*J99R/-H73F'`!RC!8Z/Z2D&XT):7O[?` MFB8:[RE$7@>C9$T')8M=E&2^9,`O2RI:G1FDXH4!JUHL?=&`7Y)CM"Y>\I6> M)X!M$TL/`?!?[1\ ^\4@2J"HJ>%S@ZJ6;JX? 2GX:& MI_>CL1=,A.!D,YG$A$\MYX>J!'RI(:YU.=L0MRMH/E!UDGRRWZ+>K5W! MKA(535C. J3\:C^)TIZ3\@+?X&Z@M@$;YCXL_&!(N30854]_YD3H M[`B ^?:@5IIRM:6FY6G'] M)1EH&]O'LFK&]8J2R-;WL22/+0@17W,?SU@O\$,0O@N2;MQ/O.D:)ANID-&9 MMD4N,_EVUKV`3%,LC*VZ;C]V>RY&BCV)1^$D(97AD!UF>I2"#T>7Q'1RG_NJ M"JTJ1U10566YZSUU*Z;VMHD%5KSG.:0@O^=I/#S$/ Y,XWKY#M;A:!TXLFE:LMA9G\^"5E4I$.WV54'5 MH U@760M2#+8;'5WVQB]>LCZ_5-0:98Z0XVH3*TVT51 M_N;PJ\V\0-81W,N2VU(X\UML:?*Y_\`5J]G:X/<>TQKF4CW`*K'8_6)C_0%R M_866;S=4=?>`IF5`Q4K!8BFX+-Q!8$N]WW;;!>XW.TY"JG/^>2P8%0H@4ETW MII^M3\X_@98$OG67%B>Q7I^HKQLG5"O]!+4%VY^H/[^(`96O]V&\(+1.GL6) M6:;?A57:(1:H]^'\HS=P_3Q01,+(&H-V,;(=` O8L$:B1]V-9%L;KJ,^ M%+87#RV'FS&D_8EB19_3W@GV=Y%Y/++[L(+GH>L)[MI&C7:"*(Y4_SCJW8;= M 7Y^TE(T.F)R(%! M"LO+M]L-ZT11;D031>R;)PLTYSGJJT,T&$%B4N'=]C+#/D]&'Y">U=>G&2EN M+3MA`2&D"X2(Y0>J;]@X%&,[9$S`1\*>K=M[_0ZDM>2H3?Q9AZ):9$=1RZ M,-W8@^%>G_SC]O;AY`UWGYJ_*NR?I5!6-?W`JUWV,#:4>!X&L)+3X-F'4:.D M&[D]UPY=W>KBSR!T8_5[$')_$'B%^JOB]JGI"#99\:(@;2^&=Q'?";&Q0;:K MB-G:D9L74%LP(3L84&,5`3^,X))8+G7MF!!DGU0+&_5>^L[K$VR, \@7VSAD&4-DS134!\)N/X)UPIE$:H8P@^J]>I6D_(;3*A@)>&[F`( MQXD`\ VFFY'@ M#*\B/5D#FV,`+C&8L>%:$,+BWZJ1J1%9N@ M3WJ-L?X MT14"T,X#QN;CB(NT2CMJ:OS!C1##./]E]U18BB>`UGU>V$2`_-$%* U>(;Z_?H.]6J!CL( R=[',(1!_)05+N?].J&>LW "DM\>&@/'B+_KOS(+>*Q:TV[/^.E1"$W,U6%FAP.+ZZH2QBYF4 MIT" LREC0K8%4UVK)9JY?/=7%06;UJV4=N1X M(-]Y/=D05#6`(CE$+E'/_.*Q$PN:$U3I@]'/ $44$UII%-!D%B&V"'&I1CT%DGF_6%`K`3UCB,N$%=1-U>$=E(?D*Y/*T] M*'L7LHN/KH""#GT0*73*\.:PNS >@+[0?JR:;SU^Z. ")D26D_WG@W9B,0:;[`C]R!ZJD=NM%W1!C4 M5Z(A\)13U*F,IIL6,IH^\)0`\5'.ALMB/*!)@1LE9/`OF98UO\!W42N$5VG2 M GA1"^]%&Z4\AM$ M1I+"03IS>]2MWH\DABD3SK28)+5L0'\A4">_G=%"-+\";&UJJOXO'CD_T4VE MTTUC?JS;S)$_`OG:+=:B%=X.T3)$O6[UDE,VI;K%(HG-(FP$JV^@"-2WW5`V MC97&LLF4^+,F*B(C\('P)3[V` (,>T-V"99]:^X ;=,PUK7 4D7_G/,5?CIYPU@`PJ5U M"S0L^X#Z&IT8JVRJ=9G;%,Y5^O#9"A"8HDR-5-]*$8:-&^4'1M1JL2V=WTRO MDE=8,&]3129,+P9@W[#^L+U36'YL/8+0C&3^WG>:`'?X'HXKSA_.$LML7667 MV5@ VU1NDRC.E(/'GO.TE[L=)\'V/1`F3?P M>@;AP/9E+4SR4SY\)N^;L`$]8*',ZT&]4,X77)WQOCT@!YL/C'%H>WU23"BF MR1H&$14T@0.2 `)8H]?C@"[07UP=&Y_;0-L=3 M:OT>-P&`!)VL;P,82=S@1"-`]-0911$(#$-?FWPBHZE[`R5S]#_QBND*&! (*-GT-MXP[\08`7S/10 MJ^73QI]!!!URB(RD^?K M ;,!`8-"5[A(S1$W0A8"P.@\D\ MHP*Q0C$@#RO($RZL5R%?BL2(^J$K"/5\'8M`W`8>3/$24 -ZRE3" MX@VH8!.EOZ:#3RF+BP=7O/2;O)-)[WT0OY'D[ZG.^(?RG9+)6:Y4.;0`Z>`J MH+`0@`X0*-,0"(P?[SYA7)NQ.[K7\S5$OF%1S"(C"E]PJR+!;B$ _A6T(_"^9?>$( M67AOI*0*?QNB:-RUG>]90Q]*HB"=*4Z#!`NE;]A=+PA9>,T$69K*-.M)A@AO M'HB"$(N4.$[(=8#14O@\%$JP54^A%A5XI:%CR]._E*KNKR ](\_F4T)(-;DY5 M7T63M#&?!9Z9,+O-PD+J0GE"@#!CMP#..`:]C+P5H2"+`.IM(6P0??+9%(EY M9Z:#'%)*(WXX0O0BIC_2!J"F[`G'0Y6.AHV&;C]&0R7618F8#@('FTK28)12 MS"7=1?&2TZ61;Y*L$QZ1?>;H`K/0(_>)71@,/"EQ+P&[%38R$S#;.8NFQ51= M8Z8D\F6D?(FXSRK$M:[P7/$D^"`1:B9[1B$-10H#\_!K1!-)\:7!AMFH'04^ MV5FED4/:ALSP2\5:04KT;%)4TJ%?3_'-RN5KMRD*N'=U\G/#.N$KA.+P;43A M\P97RH@:Q&![4\(U/:B%ZZ;UH'TN/>#''!@+)YA((M\3? F;5L8O*23LWB M=]=GQ6MQ_70N.1B)K#,'.S^?-5AK:?Y&!EH25*;Q)N.+?O$:_./0'8_)K`/G M]2O\!T/>K#O,)-RY%JU$/)LLOQ%Q/@NUL6&0H$]A[#K?X;^@"[%UFK,O#0*A M[#BF&;YG*K\J9N+%H\%#B) (JU:! F5]:4?8!HU MFN9#-$.A*!.$Z+L'9( [%]F.'-7T@X[]OZ[;K39B,[^. MPG7P/,ONB+>UT$A7E*2>>@C10!:*.!L0G&:"NI$15$?*DS3YI>FAR@$#^V$7 M#*M,Z;2&VYA4`P1*TTI[G!B:GX@B!CX,I@H#F/JVTIT:BD;(0(0T:@>#*P8# MC+&/%6#1T.GE3^4XX]%S"!JI]"6=O43I1#(!EP(K$1YL7Y.VKRR8(I7TEE)G M(YI2!S-F7FE:YIUEG)B^M:DK3+AD?;6E"\U&"RS>5?@3LWWY;_8K W!E;`\A""`HZ 7MS>[/SM_FXF">.YW-$*2 MJL#>=;85(,"R8&W`[[J:0^H\S_GB/@33@'\>HNX#&\WLHP@BC476[:H$\&2, M!-/R$PJ+(3,]NQ:ET)_:;P":?PI'^_I5P!9&XW`%0!G.$"D[.)G )- M..*$(WJ3+G`_.: 2@!A0O9Y#D" M4G%//E-TTG0T!" EL#3?'T&R`$FR>BL0DHU\2=E2T?M/(K;?V;%]LJ3U M;P?.Y1BE=A0:N%+6;F5(6: T,]Q__+$MJ M:'W((B1F,93T&L`CU]1N`%G[B \T=@N2&E[8K-1:(;).6[H)"/TXCKT! =%CR("O),(WM"++7+ MYC0T(5, ID%(71Z^2, M)E@N`0`5#PS."SBWMFE]$C9FAHYDM1>,V32@1Q&:^?6B")&FA,X`$6,5SIVC MX`8YTC$X)CDB-W3^8*=HU#(DJNQS3BVV-J`R[X**W2F6"J?T&/1C"F'X5 [,"/!I$^AP# M'!BTBY'7S.1!> 1RJ`6-4PGKQ\.\G%Y XEG6V='-3!_#$U@HFP!2/?W MDVX0Q\'HI!BXEGP(,7.!M4ALY>,\Y9%_MOZ+"^Q:K?$/B^X+X&2Z0S4%AN>) M K!N G1[ \4J]I/ MK#"8V![\B\FV%I;.6U0V74D7W)9Q '%U##&?2[_5ZD MA*)9L(D;=P6Q>D8H0Q3;`QG#JN(+*/I*.K=E?X. G`PYWP$^*Q'QYJS8K3Y[+5=7Q7GYC6TZ MVU\,B4N;$3R$6%%NM..8S-\IDXP#,=7*QG)E%.T2"?&=@I.Z%*;$T2X#(0.V M8SN*PX#*XHD?XP"C[2*S7A83"8[,EA'-E(S6%6;7!L]^UKWG;`=3"RA0GG+D ML+H?)3]2?4$*\32ZE5*`MBQ8*`.IN&R8$6%EU(5X#L+O5(T9XYF%'Z5!)/A% M*(;P'88MR[@FG>E"CSP)V*:'60>V"IYZP&3YB&*TN&P93 0JH MNNH,92@;N0#4M$W5$E21ACHD74_*@/=L=T07$4-J>R;$BW[N)C$% OW$D"&R8N_XCN9]`O' MB6$10BS%@8>UE^+*%Q7/MF`YL*(:3>I24B4M2I,6LO:6&\/]'%-R0MHF3%;U MI%P[>%NGK)F5V_&B"EW`*Q2R1Z%.W0BZ'I815>GXYL#'F 0PIJ,U0[E>TSY9:]BF5W*]5>I+H2J_"UW(].8G#`1O>D835WY#OX4 M"A)3")$;D2+79Q;(+@^,;.;DPFZV,,6,@DRMYOFL5UMS(C*;[5EOGS6MK_8/ MRN*A^IZJ0IN1`>ICA.K(C27G37L;(4-)0"XPTL9D]SZ5PX%81ID;?U.=4AII MMPBJ1-13$^KJY4=Y";FOT7($4]69X*K33_#[2,@[A]G^N>)(5/L96Z0B\-- A4:M"IM($S_I*4@8+&6)`U/"^:P*M:F9C3EJ";6I!X`L;JJH?X0@\ MZG`_;Z%?4R5E*:B5BE)[V4H7,!3+0F:E#$[T,V9_G5(5*:Q$]H@$UQ$WQS%K M"^97^09FA" .-5"@JS;T#A[[),,M^!O[3/FA FRUD4X65C\Q%J=D6P I82L(9>E MB(K!-5V=A$N?2\S"Q*-!P)V%LY7&5&8T97'".0]EU1;>)`J>V3;%J1PLJ6YF M%6EY:EWJ[2@)0S%W'H28T41"3D _872$$F%>"-)LI`9;&K)DM12!GP?@: %7T&-FK#_-%0-D(GB )CI\7D..I6+ MD((^&@ C^HZ%TC\1";OP.-3>D)U\5@X1[+T+)"1'ACZ_FL M@ODH+0+D3D>9"8A7 R M`5UAUB%6FTE3F@JV!4?]GI+(4:*0/ X:1QH9)-%NYC::MIL(B!)*6U# M' _ M-JT'$8X%)9.G&&!>MIQ)*F Z0M/FFVD,*(D^5S:Z%B):P2=DD@BV+#L(QEY629 M'^Y=E?K]S.>5P9_?@J6G10I27DJ%3#D767)295I'-Q-)5QXWP8U-#NQ+& 5#S("23&4QU8&?LH6-FH=JUJX M&?.]:K7&;S(@=#'C[(^23QTG9?Y5T M2Z;5F7YF66((V`NBT23U3U.S9NU +J6,M7CCQQ)57KBX,7FRBD5TQ @T@ ';"#8]1,MXE)G51#TTK* 4UV) MKT#9S5I*7I_\Z_'S^Y,WIF*+B%&DWQMJO'QJ^ID #1I4LB6`XZ644(1J4:II`^07Y66:QP5&GG(DC-E M9DJM247'-HTJN[%@&0A3;,72=JGIZITE>S-;>'%5M%(+%-KA>\$X%JI?'^@T M:56?C`T02R^RI5!VLQD%&>]4Y`1CD0GMG#F*KC"FR:JD+1G3AJYVK-ND%/Q$ MCAK%YP#Y!H),6M3D,/6]R7G@,'3YX"QSE`U:[9&@&A=2:U55)WGK=L3\B,M1 M(4&1ED&% )ND8I M@T^5 (RWVRI=IA'TV**"DG_B]U!: K@`,;^RGK%Y)TPRHJ*=LTE6@@.9>S84[/5%>U MBP7+!X3UJ $3S8M=YR>: BU\* 0U#R>XC77 QW9M]N8T@]"52]7 MUOSYO41U/&"#\9%N-5/Z LE#/DXD-R2TM5[K313,Y4 MI"*QIK?`.A8'57E&Q71/QI:H7GK;NR([1?TOLG/GSG._M.J4-A-5HH3"@9XR MH: 3KJ4',D(YI1.9GES+. M5*#L2,D2 V3$/IQ&A&KX40@R3$9E\!#0 I?Y+/P9>IXU&+*'3;,T5C M9YQ,P)$NU-!/]]%ATQ]U@)-Z>PYNI+2;?3 WM4H"7*LD54TV%O"47RV)G8#]K`3^_"&3#0V#2%RRE+#NFDVM@0VG1H3I MS97W& 0>"CR"H`6DF%8W5/!&$OU](BIW+U,59.UI_$5)*[4F MJ^IN.T(K9F7S:]T, MIY*>BG[9G%RV7/C2OPAOL-$5@Q2X2XD"&KDNS?@!8TV2ARFPDNSV!(1=4,8$ MK-@7?5=%42>^LE7@=*IOP93#CJ@[]PXJ;'ND.SJH$2SJ@=)%^A;A\,HD+G[8 MJG6#R=(I=T:U*>O+D#N9:SP>"\P3P.1&&'I@FYY?D8^'HS+SQ%]' 9M M:^MLJIUCN+N!B"(U(VF#%[Q)I=AEU\1>&DDB6Y $9(!/ `P%YII/KI;")#Q*&W!O&F5A?T77.#8QW2ZH_)SKO7Y9>CY(N MG*EK4U)$JOJ9BIR+2 ^B$[*H4Z02^-$*#?N7UL?E1$:)GSG1O"L'GB M+$TX1*I1@# ^J)H!>DN?`X\@TPYD!O1FY^*$=$*MNL;W;4T/(ML5*6] MGBFN3"B+MNH?H[)KS"&,?H[&^SJK:-DF,D=-9=[![T^,F!^TG'`/FFJ8T"'L MEM(8JS/;?^K5$9)1ESS0[N#7L9G39OALT, CNU.9VTE%#.E?8F/$ M,IO,$9*EZ6&!^6XIRJ.C63,PIGU%!HS^4`&$*.=YD]2P0:^E@,!^BPV)?BM` M)P?EHB"V>:=I7"OS,B%AS9ZI,0-%+?9.X^!4]G.4DK5@%*2$',-Q+4,I4S\6 M .4.[1#6B412@ ME^V]E0O3(_,!Z(JIIUYB,J\%:_;(Z0FU!]S-]4FV)C52O8P,!6Z?:[YF>M)R MC5MU*A:.20YF]FBFCG5EG X E2!95!;!' M&(O:L-CPH&O9F(Z@3(D.SWY6.N(@\0SEA. /THN85 =O6K\&SVB>8R&.K$CN,`AZLGH!I=,C5 S #)FXG05%VA*D2Z,-/*!2:T8N-)S0D M>NZ)?XW0/DE%'1O*`B$-L1BQ`P@-$BD&+:6E+'E3F#1K`B "1QF>41 -J#0]"B>LJ,B"9SK\3+U8C%@YXJ0Q5G\I2W$AVI%;&3$OB9`V MV5VXNHU,>5D"1PD-+*!_N2M&C`.C`G^D>JMR#J/.KFKW]`1R2)K/!PHP"&`( MJ>XB74?.6$KK&DR+J%00\4"L;&++0Y!6#&`TL9F@HX)WV.`B]%BRVB*ZX(,0 M94,[3!>)#IO5R D"NO780`P/#$&`E4;-Y]0)_M+EO;=2'$&55"79[#Z8 M)Z.2.K):JI* (D_R355U_%U''&DE5*C$7(Z@)8JT1:36[K4 M>E5L&P:G(6F%.=,%GBI/9NK>\-/>R7A)PP2+1U$(">5H*_^M'_&P.FU]B3NS MCQ:;+\)A[^.M3$BY3>U8#V'@!^B-)G%IQBVH0"38A]*I._8\^C/2B&:ESY#1 MPLB;40FG*EV\+`,QFTA3DC3#^84%63;*R\_KTHM!`W4X#MA52"I"),O) &1R#K+9A$KCEA"63Y:#6 :61I,U7"38CG7#1[),CZ%8#].S6@A*J.QR$RL4LD7&1+" M=FJ9$91/095FTQ0G LJ% 2S.C,/8(+IS, MR$V#%[,&1"04V0CS=2Z'!EDD%_+2\;[Z"#U4QOY%GLY/J8^3>6IJ7=NQ\GRO MPIYF\3`C\1#&"2G3DQ'%)QD#OI=>W(P&RMD7[$GD2M3*HFC6AC5'-T(91GF0 MD:@4>-XI8#?Z+ #$#7CWC1K4[9`$JKITB%J7)M9O9JX@==%'C(@N?Z MXT03B_IR;/)R_$/:'`X+^Y6EA/0-V>,U9K]Z";66-G-6)20&H7>+O>V`)O]. M4!*2H4PZ1YS2WI']29=74?2ZKJ3!RA:Q+=."G8T+LJ6(SM5@V5SJ Q_.1@&]6UXG)F8+%,;F [_$C?N$YA09/A%:#QB3)RT%GPEQ'X(H M#D4LF8/U5N8Q/'CVKLW,R](*N%5JGZ\BZ?MVQWQ9564K#8BQ`0@9H)`%A$KH M&",@ W,5-^Y_$M#Y9%N/&7>-30R4Z*\-9C-B?ZDZ M!L&Z!+&SWI^B,90;4]M!@CZ9ON0,2F#-/C!C25VSF8\TW R!\A.=A!.ZC%S#/X:N)Z2SR+"UJC#C(N"6@B3M`*9? M#_*0T`IT-N+:`!^6(B^'E1V9.8YLOE7IZP5VA:8%B/0.[A@UZ5$]8OC01[*, M#-&D#%UC_%"4EG(O5=*HUEUDG!+5EX"]R)!%9SIG!^DJA4"GM 50 M:E8\NPH&=[2%O3BSM-CG4"!2E5'T:5G+*A&Q_@"R'A!5Y\A;%A4SK*!@+0#4 M0Q2EJB"'.2PV-.HRJACT^YB[*:WT)1F\>7HX30=1F$$1@@-F>-I ))E"%`R/)A!&. M0K0S+2#\W%`J&;BZJW+.==-#71`]30]1 ,MTS&?^^.^_ M)M'IP+;'/[_%W7WN/QALX=;O/::&E%2&> P?\1?1__O);?3M U^DX]_ M^QCX`V1V[T0W_@I2^>T/-](_IF-](L(P=ZVM(B#I07(+E0$T1E3('6@EG_NW M,I#D/9&$.SL:/F!P?,%NVM\Z9[B=LW3%TX/2CD;.]V^_1Y^!F6$-NU\##^T" MT;WI?%UPB^V"'2ZWDTV#X5Q"H:VA\,&%I8N/6%;KWE>^.$YH?COY9/\9A'?( M!31D[E1$P*_"[DGB$2T"C\N37VYV`HX'&:ST$*IZEON`&JV5 -"ME8;TCC[B3@=,MEXQZD.$=WN2+%CUN([E5'N,=7"\& M9E48>4GT^&J! JMLXJ.*3D?QJU9.9>1ZWT2VI4:)7^ ]EN2([-MQ/]\5=7A.AWGY`K+B.DZ&?NR9]&#W1>VBDL=3T4Y,H6D9H6*K\6 MIZWSXS@0!3+%[)81R=2[=[)X]$ SBNK6N+^K35>\^ B65HVAX '&6GM6>*+[VM#F3OK'BMZT4L5POM[3`A ME"I%(=9[B2 3:?MXXI+T!8^IC_ VSK6D-QJ!CXQZ`7=]:0![ PQ&]FCXU!I5XS)&6IV_L*HV?79&DI'%HX;.HT71:RNV\ TU%(J*H+[=.*B+L\L#@L#^$-T#AO-[6?;[J_WC'3=A1$-8.?!EW.]6P-*^ M7D/+66!#J\**LB]_"WP9@%X0F7?YPN2#SL4:KJ9" AU&:VAC\ >TQ*2SE2]4=4UI]4"=E9V#_+N$= M?3O_)H'_-3#RH7_))XLO4%2GFRFJDREQL$"!G; VFI?:=Z50P MG0'?K;I$Q))[7VK;GXT2$9TSJNUYQ@6K5.`8-D61A3>")*82"52A%)OM45F% MWQ\MA>660O.&!8C>M%Z?&#^>O.%N"^-Q&/Q0#?;^4K1+/H]6!O06 V(Y*8EJ5;S>-( M777M9?712'7\RG3\U37-$8 J3S0^8BZ.BM-0DT*S7:FLY%[061K! M['*)CG?F2A]ENZ\(5C.01=X&KN^;Q4*P3 _2INC J@O[:*VW@;\\"[A_\:W90E>U(S>)3V%8J6WT& M4`S`!P :JZ69OY;16])PYC0[WY5/.;^8P5=:FK.]G(]_5 MD_J`RD[(U.,3*Y;R0HD$RF)EV/:;&"2M`1>3J>)#E3Y9GJ>UK%%5I^1/QBD' M3C*"30/,_GX"BF87(1[B1WZ6G@S5^#&2^5X\_/M)Y_*G_)7&^>.>\9I^N+W$ MLZWK+0V\U"*N]F$1RX"X,^-9_AB:!XHD`HCSWT^Z01P'HQ/C@.4/2+5/ECMM M^:9#C1!.EMIR\:L:%ZH7XZ7*/4MJW_;NUP' W8=-WY`.[Z4U4/0Z,5RJ,#;(9 7??[;^BSUP5FO\PR+3$NQD)O7P M\DTAE@7F@@TB,N"\][&'&WH3HC?3('7+0+KTEE=!OG4GV2&!?/V`_5&PV8KM MO2EH**.7$R7C=5:VW*):!4=L+.`@#[D:3-H=HS""")8@>0 3J3C5;(3]6L;-]&K+%O#]T!\-X"O&JV,5?5ENBR;NVOL;+ MR_:BJ\R@PS(BY.&=P%6%:WS=ZJQU`E6LL8",' $4U=`3!5DKKVV>'`I #6&.B"ZD!02ET'?,!*+5.#N[ M.IRK4*TT='[LTM">$Z.;F]7DT2,B1MPIV@O\P2DV1GL!%*ESL=ZU.UYZ=%F3 MHYV2H\[YBY>-E#7,B.`^9EKT^OQZ-37YN"]=M5)8?0`[I7JOSV]6TY4[^W`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`]3BP"AM^5L0"PM+*IY0%T:$I?P1WK_%TG?D M5FB I1^T R /JB M[^*/`7R&9X$>8FV59!RD)5A5)4-56G3=^IN56$M]R2_:%PU9/M,L`QPE7:S] M*TL\&D6!)7CAKW=A,K"^AC:=YAU7GK4^NB,W%EP]$ YLW^[9JI)P^L/)&ZY)^PF+S&*5R,=A,!X+\WE)>$-`T*$; MB5FSO'8"SU/%&P&_Z2=N?+) *;UDT)$RC*=F3L9GJ4PVHW0FC_"6M")(-? M?*!VO02?ICJ\"%['ILJ[F1*:7#9V/BVYS)&AGCTAP&"%;QA[K5+$!65Z#22A M%_#O6:BB>!*7:+7@4GX7=*/PS"6HZ$^0?.")41!B_5=[@8U?7^1V;N`CG&SP M3/212P53EQI?XE3AOF:@7V8+Y9@XQL("7$U;51>&(UYB0ZW\49H7K'`C:Q*B M_13U%BBZ"R*T!^CEVZ&J3RM93K[X;A9AURBX^_, F[ZW#CW56XK,]EL^>R\9)Z]0%M^.)LNJ;9 MY@YH/8O >4*!@=YX.?GJZ6('=&! MKY .(#GV-7-R#//'7G=4*E50I!VTQ`+U2W/IH)!WV18AVQ-C^ ML12JK1F0LAW5::?H.S^5?#T5^P`1?7,VA7T,1:WJCNR'AG=(ES'O\=S>95PJ M`HW^*FZB-]M99 X(7,0WF; M:,OGJN ?5O7R/8EHU=Z[2N"O>U4NQ:KI2=.58 :1071X$0C X C+@,EX"SP$;!+^- O0A@E`Z M5( '";+*K]%1P M$:SJ(4.'%U^3%!N09 ANO($CV;B^!1P+ZPAZ`&#;`Y0#^NZ6AV7FM1'W. MZ(C__= ^PC5X"[?N^R__]_]8UG_/ M>"=Z@*TY)-KBW?DB^G\_`=I'OWT[_];ZAHD\W[X&WSK?.O1'^^070WNQ5M!D M5KJ,V=B3# `1![@'ZGER>_7%U= ML]TL7>GR*]CB#MIS=W!SUJYR!S(-*9I%3\]N3'IZ-O\0+I;9@5K!9M? =7VUUS&4JOB1Z72RU[):Q> = M;:_\'H1P-V3Q !E<>3T:AGZ7=W"O\F1OSTJ-4"Q\$>IQM_^ M "&;7XTX;&_!Z,M> M1YP[/[] ^CW\YWWJQ[^-[^PPG(#@_B_R))4N M\.QF[@+;K;.;Z14N,.M&%[H`A>] 33Y3+_"'Q>Y+L%@V@/_[J MBA`S\B?D4LV,II^Y)U =4-B1>"?XWTW*GJW+]H(7OG@MV]G%T@)IJ[4@-:AT%TO***?GEP4JS(9W M0?8K;8JN3 ^Z="D"D#P;D=FED_MFZ]3QKZ`Z&WL3R7%@4%\>Q7!\MH2PM M*P-MCSR:5A"Z`PRU0M=)$KKQA&VRZ#$=P1J'$7I"*.9REITXS+K"2\,S=^ WEHA& /T5^AK?X.M:6"?!'6&GH8=&9H\2BK^0\'=FNSS5[ MRHKMX@GV&"O4)8[0.0S(DGHX\ L/`#4`DAR9Y*-UH^\JB"$:!F', MB0>,#2/5#:D/3"!`?)2SX;(8#VC24(`@1"%XQ=/2ZN&$W3@@M*=)QV'0=SV) M$,9\0)]@ &?V8A#K ";Q[2?;]6P5-R&#.(S@'S->CR9V^RY[%\-T MY_H^NU'**F5,T1BN$A;/RG@Q.11)1F]EXABZMD>,(!H*09&O 1VQK M3*T`0R(S@6V;OE>+79+ 8J@L/@\!;$P:Q'5! 3:0I,.(]!$52 0=H.$J+,[@B>8MF+M.UTJ,(@%U:N4 MC,!VTKBUGCVR!QB)R_**7@O%F5#,3F!(O3B$_:PB4088D:"E(9X7:"\07Q3D M7`KY"9)8!\)@^)V'V(ZQ>DI$2V/*;U$&CYS0[5(0CQ )) AS0H`>,F;:D#IO0'Q.T\!/HH>DJ)4+2Q!BP!GH;IG51=U3X"F-* M.3@3QL7+XA"X=)0P%W!-J_FF,I2*$TUO'$=QXM`RX0+@H.X^\LZ([@_IQ2Z` MFS:M@MXHP%5G%F7A"J"2?DNU&P-(3>M3$(J`@VI)&,3M)#X2'W@!#RE*0*92 MEU7E?L"03[C%)[K( VHJ# M'Z4$31W6_05Z0+YLM.QTE`_D#A]B2,CNP=7II>:^%6TH*96 M %:*ZI@(Z]80B%_%V+O)ZEBR9 M@V$`IU#!VS+B DQ)8WS17LRDTWF M@>H7BQ$K1YRRI`FP3J$ Q)1O& )8?2#8`=`T-$BFB\2$N=5)Q139Z:+) M#D0 ?[;AX`L]8_9FR M%'I:GG6X^`R +AU43L$'P7G#3, M.5-1FY\H$D.[*(L[&"0.-ZR!HT0\[K,P67 $B9T4ZI M[%R'WO557K.0=B"1$=15@+Y#VZ1,%CO-3;%[(#S`3MS1V':()%`NO#:BLK&5 M%U*833/+:%.Y=2^7()\:]%9-E:]\!_?`)F0&]!_#`"ZA#4CX0.D+'UVE[LVP M6AX#S ;O`;X9HD,=4:5F=")FU=7+[QT/C)$U2!7F;LZ.! MCT5XY\8)J.\.*]FA^X17!>ZH%*D=VW,H9A^5&0RU-;H`L*Q"LHM1G3YE;U)X M"EG/#84[ZJ(M@//P@.FC+94\*2*,;71*HLQ.%(_('/ O&83496;CWC8M>2"2 L!4FHXV/TI\X:^0LB$ZSZ&L&G$3LS`>8T#SC%#+T? MOD7W#B#1HN%48PWNUH/)XN_LV'YK^]\;JJO*AW=OJ9T*[R(: ^%R,RP[H+MRE1.-63/`H)","W?5D,:$4BK`9I#.^->(&0V M8Z;)QX>")ZP3WTMI!+LX[0FKY'`\?/1NOV\0&,Q.!52T ,$XX-B][ZHY5S^0V0RR:.\VBO)4BZCC#*.19*'.NM,3T0>V# MO5&'.W**(:)$DLE%2S; _RY(!O`SDC0_GC2L M?]I^!'_^1H?^#&S6H@!+ZMYU]"SCLV_=)@,TRETU%*OP)9YQ2R-B#C)2YVU@ MAV328-BQ2R="91YI"+:Z*H9M@&:*H>WU\1DWCH37EV$RY%"FQHVL_*!'@*"/ M=8B0!S4L+,O@,1D$:8Q"+.#O8AYB#VR,RYBF\N_>IDSAR0V4IP)F^7)_]YG[ MK /KX!]E^R&R8))V^. MTY@#M."= 1\LL.)!^OX&[S@):.N M"T\^!DD\M.[L$';OP^.XS'\$7B_J!F'0L'X#*I;^W+1TV\`.`?*&17`4VU8' M9T/!);/#3P$6%+,16'8**/VL^IFH*9*T0D#SERS@D^R=1$R^0`,&E4+0ACZ( M;IB@:[5UIC9E'(P\ Z50#6MK>)4PU\_V=X]C(IC>?'(=D.9M7[L0% J:!>9CQ;Q/KXO M@&+"`# .6$ZWBL@=_IN?A&HX2#]RSQP!]B;8"?9AS"(!>^+ MGKF#`X(W?-=^%1E7''$P09Y._!9PK1_:22_+8C5OS?-:'5Q,>)MEJ/O./DO/ ME]E@&9O H80#:S_27QAM>F+BY0&20*3'Z3@?2T= Q??Z1H"^: M`W+X.+I8:BB62CX[E.7^3P,?*[P29,W=9K 9 MM?:QD0^%H_%8V%X*$C:2W;FA`X!'3'.G[O!8Q*ZNZ$A@-+;JA$$4G>I'%*D? MHS^,E`BRL-.DG-FA[(L$1Q@] :P(N?[YII&'/X[1-L\G\ MQ0_A)'B\[&PD2Z!1TY?\\5J2C$QAF=M(2\$Q'XM%^,UR`PAUD7Z?I0J.B4JU M_:FB6M0>&*V\XS"`"S**%B0^IG9R:>+PU';MP@WG]IO9[HPMNG'YQM(!>$B$ MVOM>(C'R/ K%)A4B"9S M+*]3+U*::N8 V MFP9I_>6ZG2Y8A2"2,PC@&62/`NWB`8854@X6[(;I6>K3-:.`B 5V'Y" MMB9OKS&DO#1TW61Q;YY$53*,AC;'HB7*[6INHX?QI937Q9I[%).^@JDON![6 MB`NL@)% \/F83 M`R(Q"CC31X3Q>]-H:3S!2Y`58CU*`3?I4H%6:D:3@^K_2KNU*$VSSR4-;_]X MH.`2X6.L,$>&R3')%:6"`ALROX[RC+CL^P_THU$*)UJ**>AE8HB0,F97U9@V M5G: M';%S,'X1H6#Z # M 3M25,>;V9J)UTDKW$0 TP@(\1WC)W& MM1!S5JE=:0B*>T2Q'KLTM#:MZF(]]I%2H'B2(8!'3B(^FX1!FN/.BCU#DEU( MZ+!FY2@CW1\3]*W&L?9JFIH_/B!?FQD34>P)XC=!+J ()Q!/]4'+4);5*: :)(1C_&E+P%/4@\$5PH]/0N$[X!$L4@"`=:@Z;2'JCC'7Q @$N8,(GQPI^=;%440D;,-_;6(R` M'A*=,TK(_X!DF^HZA(&G@@7,)V=RBV)64!B-PHI=2OU+&,4RT053O`$IOZSO M](+B_`JQ9O]90/NB==HZ.[V^;-_=_XOY@+9 W2 M=C-+LVIHU8J"PD#CR.I8*>AH) I'>+`K=#Q@OG(9#Z;@-*9`"U$4#AI`>-*]8V,WIWIE%&H^ MGP2TWM;2PH(&6!`VYFPFG:;=GG4:VD.>^BJ3,;833L&808YY?G06&Y03W=RG M])=GO*I93)DY\^P0`"R30./+1XQE;.R$#9!J;_!4A&512"JY,"A?!XT=,D!5 M+K0@/C6]5I$*F&2'WY3[K)A'"^D%MH9P*&B-]&S?#)(J]D%.7\_E@#:+)>>- MH/(L`Q7)HBR@1G#+39'5=GJ-'+/"TH0S%+V$(A5[PNYYF"M,PG/6SY7ZR%(\ M0;,_0XB,H)?FW*H@2H'YUYB1+ J^:A;23A>! MODCZG:FQ!)F2QU-7RU!6GYO`J&'BJ5(Q5+:"UG5 ?DC#G&EX4 FQV2="D]M^83]"63RTDD#=W_!#[(I$9TWA.Z?E6YIB.B M95I3N2@R=H4@$[I/.7L7P`%+>8-R2"0#6PC%R%T?2'B;I/:>SUA8DUZYIZL( M%]?ZAZP,KBB?@O6OK.3>89F:NP!S!C#>V.4>"8] WUR>VO=W=WCR=O5/:W M#`5T49KD..I,2.63=!URI:VHT*.9I54Y,72Z5&EI&%GKK%4 I9Y(;6/ MH*HB)WA,*+$D5+;.-& PR.2MK/5*T2Z)_`6;HGMV$J6]M]4X:%)2+$N_ MET^%\4VN9I8`"(!%_AD@P&BI&+U:MC4T29G:C0IO9*C(K:*9,LI8);EZ(!=G M3N)A0+UJN)H,YEND>(T>0XV09? !@ %^0,0[5F/:K_6R[ M+\ >;[;5B[^U?3XFBE MT]9I^QR8"OS_/_YX>V=RE59[A]J87,+%;&ULWXGGQP![]6&.XTNAGVG1GGGT M,X7-+!*:/K6V;4H/M33=--]DE<>S;M'%&5-HW(-*'KX'>C8@`?FC_9Q];7[= M$5\,X)B16L(5"@6FC6'HN"SD6$BG%[62\90H]/?1]UE3ZP+TVM^J)W 7 MG7/K43B@6W?>I")M`8$VHSH5!4[ILU'AB4,\,8]7ME'+.,"1'# 0Y0YJ/H/-4*1(.Y([0C/;D1L@"GD.DS_K6SCHOP\RDSD$4G$+(D2[: MNL97R8UD4`O6'$Z[,C!SUH5NBH*7IMEM:F%4(4/F'I_M2)X@2K5FW(Q.N"U6 MP`]/H-0YJ"]%GLSRN1)14D/%D"1-6_&]/Q@BZDQ'HY>7JVN@>IYF7O^*[:;B MC&VP1,PT2M+-3C5B+5RG/?+#> W6%WBT1DF`O/=TB2E/%+MMQ\6%/[+]LWIW?^7BU!O;]P'NQ1)/@@J_"\W M!('$?3E:/5'AZSE4>-.A*7?4$O"9O;CPA(9ZB3VU`"PYWV?\'&1]GUP!7,=% M1[,SC=0"2BF[^0`1]^GTT@SI[HFULH(,FGIH-+3T;/? `'+[1.G7&>T#;W@\*B0>O\YAUYI,XN3Q\^`KUM7=Q "7. M]\D+8XJ%Z8@K,T4-Q`Q7_`!DX[OG^CH;N$3[T&^7E:F1O[_BAO:4)3I.LT3U MY3&>*^.2QB-\];L3Y:4L&8GO*34XC5WJOKB2EW$)OKM.!,C+XKREB%3"@7=M M&**XD-;IW?WIV=E-Y^*-0 H0I`QP*[%2LX]]D+ VG\;:M2HV+:55UQGB&RI%PZ.]DO4OIDAP@ =I[&>I!GGPT+UUTKL]/'^_9FS[MV_6C M9ZR+$A0K*F;U6%6P=1EIF>2NZ\,U(+UEL.%K_X/-WB #&T>V9Y"A4Z_^_$M6)[I&CV MJFV;T^-JI$TXO T%C_^L)D0*L/UFS3G MQ^0\LF-?:0AX))Y`9.%"NIK)1-1C/+5UJ+95YD')*OBR"X?-\I*()O!A/%'@ MDJ='>H0;%FC2.IJ"4KVTE6*YU1I]ES^0'G+'HZA$*-6#F]6N(I."#!U2LV.' M)@M-*=P?@DK?`()S=159E1:OK63F)MR^8E&3/%:"8!@&R6`8ST&HZ=4:'5>C M,NYJ:$W%U3SG\L]#)+1W395W>>3TTK`Z=C)6QS2AU H*-%E+C03R=IC]*E3+=ME2/=]1@#.:%FE8 MT+KJ9!VC,BE47BB95JK[CH2BESAIGY`XP`K7\B%X)'!LF2N*J^!M$#]!_9Z* M+V%WO:2+9::[0LDR:65Z-6L*S "04NA,*[B:VJ6JY.6+@ M*Q@I 9^.`@E8Y_FT*A`]Q.L0X8VH?!)MI91"P9 T)PUYJ%GBG>A#A*(\@;W&E^DBHWBT+S(JG(IOV MT+B\66KI`TBEFO48R?N93LFJ*4LT%$+*;GC`"OA^0C8.^`M$&CQ"/B?L/\%4 M2'5MZ2 (P= B:GW&U>GC.!?;$&&F;J(A4#G/$$&/-GQ08+O M>.][VL9+1C,C87U"W" 7>+;5VM+`A[>(60_SQ]`\)%`_\'K\_0333H+12?&A6?(AO$,+K$7> M$D:34Q[Y9^N_SNC_K-;XAT7$#.Z"FN, F;7J,UOHS$IFV ]#KR];8L*3N\'*_; MEQ6!K(K=%!@TZN.OCW_/C__@6 [#N2;S59!# M(F'G%_/%NSVZ]M9!6@4."2$6,>WL$4(43;%W-HE#8FJ+62_X(WK&]5]E#3M& M-D;O_FR=X64M./ACZ>&TOQ$6*F8((R70T8919".N-9@+L7@7)`,82.=IRB;Q MLB.L&?^GVC[&MDRE[HL>!5?F8BEEU'%V!:WR% $[A2%OZIJ MDJY/[2B+XC#38H.YS`"!H8\J/?1_DHCJ\!L1L!1[*$$=#3'Z"XM7%`7$\B&! MP,=GRA&IYEH6:(QR4]QM14?N %TY/50Q M_254L9*+H*)J97U;@(V19Z3P5+=V1;A1$UH,M0N,MCJ`QL+'%`R;ZD:H`.$4 M00#X`AMR2^#+/K.O4L398'.J^_NF]9G"'3^FFA*2.$[B."(:IBHU$14[NRZZ M?(6MB.BZ8R2NS'"R-0+4M\*X%6MGZ1I-HQM8X('B6R,CNZ>!5%R%(D=9+J2: M/E'V6D@1TMC]B>+RW9YKAQ.C_H@LX7[ZF(#TYT@V_IN(J;"S]?I$_GGR!M81 M/%LPX$`S.*Q2@/F35C>),)4!2>> /,=GS4 $&/`;,HE7*"89@P>(?`IT960YR`_ZMH,1YA,+:R43XS7+FDA! MU5:2+B:CC52+/)6%QC5/$I^$5)5^G;96I`(XF$AHY.TQN>,"#5&^0D.F>DI6 M*L!`_$&2*?FLY(5G6;`!OPM`.Z1,EP@N_Y1`PD(53A3'8C2.:0& 9 M"R]P`H;"X'8+^Q+2&[AI&#;L(='1GX'T@'Y@=STW&O+M4?0F%(-$D2+*R:=D MK`3@K=>D%J-30-(K)IYL7U7;)[CP42G:HG."5:$(DSK]%1[/$ZAG00DUDDJ= M4&KN"2XW!/F3TX=H;9@Z1O!P,=$E)2KRZ*8XL5H0GR3\ZH9`V `R4ISQ0GDSV+I%'U_Z2J;05!D&&0@T$D*7PV>T,.]P:7 ;&I IE+`SW?E2 MSJ T&I`/F*VY6,N9[B1*?Q3:@R&>G2"L$,[1QQ0X.\ M8%+\JY'B+R;OA2Z6Z&FH_&`^2:*;-";R8U4I@&OBD`D`K\I(V(AD_ D3J_& KIN%U9\D68]F=:N&;7,+\ZDD/+8 MJ`$ANFGD19F-2\@1EF-J*T*&RS@:L)38JU[3A> FE^NNSPIN M\JI0KG'V.E$U,!99B'AIL%G&&H8VG`Z1)XPGPA3K>0;;G"U%_IES$JAOX7,W MM/ZZHB%F3PTGMY%9]P7.C6JSY,NH+J9F*_7ZTR.JUKI@FU',,66P KT3&,#IFJS*998D 5,XSW1*`:5;.$47'1@.K J-9&Z7 UR]`L9$9HKO:B%E_A8NVD7W#6O`&A6D9/J_ M1Q5,)EQ#^DE50X![,W^:=N/L+!NP8`!$.A]IYB1*2+:2+B9)V$#&-J42:2DU MQ!A#8'ZV0S\M[NK(HH-=JDU#95+L$)4$D"(^!5& 1"^ M'TT\4#X1+D8U19S#K-U%E$463\C3[%O/[L)=SA;=`B$>9G$;6>.O*LH(H^N: M6\T,9K_"=474.Y`73YHOU[^`HP&*H809M L:E,`$:/D3.ID&^?\ M>F@K1&L`4"3!I@]8&[F1I0$%MKY[.]:#!Y>(&Q>2C1?H--4`W*5=BR7"KHW) M&UJ=Q^(5)`%+Q$^OG"((XZ$=CFQ'`/,#;IP[5RQ)XT6!%"F6IVW7%V=%E(%E M$U5H1/>8CPCQ4`(X7L^_XJ#G9:6X9:D@*53L'M7WP62;^@^)OB"8E#% ^ *U1:WQ9KPIS4EZ!)(+84VJEM[GD4^6,]5&-2LP9`NK. Y4M'>= @,+XFP`X/&0)>Z;-[CYT)6G_?'9QZCR=GEV> MM F%QHI;Y[T;*S5F6 ,ZQZ0>/@3E%`W0KL'L8,G6;S6."JSM'NQ49WY7.;*BQ\B=+!T M+3F#*%`+@+W47`N5RM7QF+(-M`[(S/=_3R=)?'*_:6]_03N&(O0YQ,*T]QC1 M]@\$M$]^G4QM;T;SQZ0[#H#K1C-XRC&([Q_H-.'1TS@XQ7_SA6M)OB+K+ 6A^' P!US/EFM(C@/ET4*O2#H='H:> MCT+KG(`C8-PG6FQ`=9N9-L'Z8338O8]]W;^2^L5CHXH6!2,1$Y1P0# LOWPQIH3B!)VS- M863O"!9!55RN )80^(_N"%*Z4"%`^K%P+XOAZZ#\V^T;YFU?[7:]/LC$&\G\()!4;7] M:9[\0:HH7T/T5V'/') W&*KNJ]+XRD$J M-SL>3B+7<>%UN%2.#7 .3I% M'KZ(@8L^& W8.OWR76_TL$7!JXNU]N/_T_N+=H[M?>]#D^ MV#O;1T^I$ ?17,;D*(\I GJK.C M:"?E'RE6IN:_].)(VRC0S%$.0570%?DN&0M[*#%+CW_KYCK70L=5'@LV\"II M6973-IU'(G,4R).D!*D#1*?+\VN+J$HE(C4:(-2+&)O3ZXH R MZ2)ZKGIX/6P9[FYVX)'"-#=SZ/6H=GQVY7CA7*E;R4`^TH6!.ECV`N$/`E.( MLTX7D)XH8H@\QB!F`0^FBO/$8QVY((`__L:'YTV,6`Q]U%, EG&?0WYDR$NMDT=W^+O2=5D"R5587+=:,O8@"UY-AF1A`^4S!TQ+(',E] MGWJKI]`G[ZJ'(W?'KJ0;@-5&QEDV53![M1_2SJ.W3+ MYI/PX=*Y/KB8`Z M)Q72QT 1G12+W?>X&8` "M'=$1R5YMF'PB0-TZ3JGJK8JPM/7)V04ZU:L\.0)FW^^K3!UD M`'::JX/]%T#%S[^!ED,`BU)MD65'PI-G)'M`*.A/ 2DF%!J29JFB M9A3I[A4J)E;>P,`WV_#`HW[@`W+#G9#VE32`+3+P7S U&#LBE=)B4J)1;ZW/LB0BVPFEW*'D" M-S!\!X\)R".(^130U2=AQD2+E"TP^?&$[0,;84IA*R^2DF7)MR[E+(QN#S`H M";X?VO\!?9M\!ZSQ(.M=1/[*E=!4O/ D]&Z(W191-:?@2MA@\&?H1D4;R7`BFE^ MF:$B[4+ZMC7RG6V8U"*MB2=C=A=Q:8F>&;V&(X+\$6>%$[G[O)UNKLRD1' 9.+N1GY$/(R:JH%[58G MY9.+\KL2KIFS&6R$#G.*KA;7#%NZ$;Q!'"D'*9@H)1&*1Z`%EKN:/XDTJPIO M$SDYRTM`+"CU_4M5?3@R&\#7^ &2*Q2FW+P,_U2 M1!=PHRQ"(DX+[C,-BW!TIIUA@-'M!76**#DBD> 2=/*MOY]]:WS"XX]O7X%OG6X?^:)_\8L366%N,L\E [&\HX]4)I=, :L&A[.I"8#'41J"03KZ0\?G9CFWR4 MY\6,;OAS(CDM_`",4/53Q!$T8U>L3]?,HAGAM50-5OY%3;%P_J;U:_",(AH3 M' `E/N?D2EN:6P`HH726L="$MK`^=G;MN=BH' 4W$CM],SD9-/Y9S_9(-TJ MB)*S0.-(VAA5MG&4S3MYH8[+?3;S2JR,#T:"6 M\I 20! ].(2M.3LY*ZW+*6BT2-5'HC 84J8:]J11JW$D&1PD-+*!_N2NF"L"('WP,I+=)&=2-I#T=O5\".:0L ME^"+01"[DI>Q\AS.H'4-ID6D"Q,/Q#Q1Y:/*9*9/HEB,#.ZHPN*%8?RCX*L^ M$&W,F.\"^4H724[AE , YL=XVSF EJ;(>R(`U%0%#@`)G, M?F]:CTTC6Q)^QW*F/%;"95W'(69C4#+>ZY-_W-X^G,CR`_-7A;GL*A 1_2>E>LC?`_;:A/`**5ZRU@=97,E"K+P! MY$3"=\)HZ(X;NBY?8GL%IC[*A]!!WQESK$LFT@E!%KUX9%55[Z7OO#[YU_W[ M"/- #*'T[4IFH EL5:5T 13AD7 M%9V0#T0(9W@5&96RC>8)RG#:M'28+9Z.L0 C>,QJB\*CE-NXW(>SD%VWG.KG^4,$RI;D:!O5F $^_$FSZM] >+MJVF#QRI+!14#)*JM(L#Y]!69/?G&5KKL^5_L M;J7+'O^TV7"%E;)5;*N'WVF7P;1D\DTM=-FS[UQ-T\]J%KKDT7 -5!.+P*2G`K]*:3=V,:IU1BZ=70G-FA\^IV3B-,0,VQ4#( MD?C]@45V4$RPC^L3:0C30O=2"VHONZ`"XT(F4BOFE+7 @>4(SXO&-L+D[R=G_/ IK-`Q-?ZO:/ZOOJ>7SS];EU4_I,W$PU@_HIM#PA`'+XA;3FUQ1>]Z"VM6N MI]6:MR!LF_Z2(;1OZ[F>MY[K_8 [LFI6:8W`_TK(H0MR!WPWQ7)+9P5WFDU]D4^ M6980["\REY*5E9%YW\C.E"MMT]CY^MY7^:W1FWG>LAU@Z`%1UHT3UGU!Q85I MZ;$PR5*I?.6S5%+\`1WFUADC&C+VD"<>#IK6%.=H*$Y]E$=SE&4&@I6/\OK@ MCK(*UM&J64=-;[9';VH3V2JZZE8N>]'`6YWP"@`_?=G5'S]9OU&$9B\1\ZND MI8W=N>5*^;#[1+>JL4_O.R79+I+]Y46 E+;N;EY$0BR \9L+UY:HA5VL&-5&J MKU:M&=2:P69T^^:"A:*BI1P&[8+:=C61.&0B4:L%>\F!:X]]?;EJR-5J04V4 M:J)4JP6[!NC1J`57S 3"K0+-OKY 6J(5>K!C51JJ]6K1K4JL%*%8D**AVNG6%P7CL,CHQ&U%K!7C+@\YOIBL#U MY:HO5PVY6BNHB5)]M6JMX!BT@L_Q4(1[>Z7JII+[>8$/YYQ>3'OS'5CH]M=W MO[_X6-.-^ISJ ZWM J)CX^*Z+IA>7Z\: =%Y3VK^G&2Z V*?E5X3#!5#:!`1:&P*! MNU72\2A\-PBMMZ';&PCK*QH!/@:V;WVP'==SX\GT=5]J/1NC+_MT(EO9N(&& MBWY:A>`OC2#WON4$OB\ O`;OF7]I6@7 MN(AV,QN$:G5=S\/)$S^"=>`098A\JQ?V^D3^B-^?O&E:L+5WPDE7U,`EP5B) M`^/%0V$9SP,01B,W5CLL76FK9*5-@(3U/[9/+ "0^[:QUL&'9$;P M=$@(7II=CP$?+Y4>")(YB M&!5^:TPM#R`G$'4`A:(8\;` 7&0C^!.`8NLZ0YNC:$>P`P(GC?PS\'GR\ MQU&[MO_=^MSO$XI^@75:8R^)`$^9L&1?O`M&8]N?O(HL!QZ'Y8=V#*MN9E; +N,T M:!M6!8ZM6R9ZO9ICOG".^?L8N2+PR'$2.D.@$7C3371QB_@.K"$92;YC4#TB MNOD!?@T\_"UJ`)URFD1UW3@"DA9XWN0T>$:*'B7=R.VYR`,R;)C>N!^A.@04 MS9M8XQ!)-?`T7#)Q[LA%QMZ8-:5C>QY,TH 7%:$RB`'R)2\6UF%N0W.!W MS:L_>`$11R:J7X/!P!-I_3R$29LV-;WPI>8M(ZXWS5:.OOZDUO@H5[A$,3]8 M;5;WIJ67LB)4,4OF3E#M9(9H0&/&O-D0>!)HB+ (*\'_L0"%R"G%&$1D4R"J66(U+/$C2HHD[+TK\B/7 M?/!E\ 7Y)E=Y4;+*)BM=R"# )L$-00.'"$KN!-XRG&.V:UA_"2F+7 M`U3N6;Z(8 \#/:&>)8C=.\&O;.GF$)8CHY`WQRX'P10@`=H)P M'(0$]`0^146,%V!'.C;,-,4;\\:"FC>^2-K\'I&.$2R+=J9)#6\"_&6*I4'7 M 6`,$3]!"V'DG1/&LA$3_ L-73.#C%?YN6N34@)(/@282H$'4G@#IPU5U:7.0"G(!NL+>9 M&OJP/(EWWW5$&+VRX+^Q"W_@;8O&PG'[$Q)`X6L0; P7VJK]-J M*O]\CMK),;Z>/8F0\@.ZH?X-VCM0:,(H6Z(3B4LC>R(U+KA&=JQP&S[AO2-K MJ=;A` M_'17O#L#T*[)TQP MLQD;B8#K/\%&B8OR4VS-12)"MQU>^N#&\.$+?0\']2D(>DC;[NG-`,X1QGR" MK1I&FD 7_&GDOR&[$U?`IPK.?*I^#_Q_"`@S)K0S$+ MWKB\P7([20BT%43*!ON^V/,5V1XOW1.PIRX&&\3`2R/;X>'QUL*_&'L`RV]8 M(Q$.Z&)'`C"`6&Q(!C\XA9CYF^2[9-.+(A%'.4C!@KTHH'N"O,Q)`&='J*G1 M3>-]]T3?3CR2E9_ @SO%>ZH>&\G;^D=JO$MS;#7-S)+4G2UCMENBU;XFZOR];0 M@6^AGE%=2CFT&0N'L5?KH/;,Y:O5TF)AK;34A\=/7QNYY?/?#=K"WV`,V/;? M3]H ]?FMI&C4?A[JO(?4#K9$V\5I1"\BDZR M5;)L;W2.;>FUM,]6SA )7!Y;/Y,&^D[1CF09_@. 9(SU4?C$X>Y=-+CD@JOMC;;03`/PP-VZ5D"()%8 MWM6`Y\48& Q)5FS MZB23\D M[ UV"AZ7 \HT0#?"\+/3,M2[!&1K4C10:T6#12G"`J;!/`HX7`ZP\.4Y+A)9^E]Y5E:> M?7CJ)&CV.L^4A-&!F1?%6%UB`NG@IA@,80/\V5/;ZCVX?_Z5_=E#!#N==`14 ML;/-[O(:[1,Q.$$EL'ML86V!YO2KS=>YVGQ4,,]RLS :8?3)9E?&6U7I2EN7UIMB6DLH24?:; M'0I E=$N([6:= M+=1CBC&`$:Z8Z!:,7S@;>@5_G0K^Y%5 OA+LU1OTKG65H69[WX.9X*3D^; ]FW'1ZARJ$&SGV93974EW)AVNLMN'^!9.+LB/)"AQ@2P"WNO M:*]3T7[WF'G*MI8B%[/^'9"C4_F7_D*>B3$`:GL?P7RFCIL9CD8H['G8.+G" M/2:WD^-TH>F6X6`'B./CW( *$_1'4'B_LY! MB$9AQ'P2JKI3#'!E;[JQK7WV6+S"XPXERC=NT'=A,0%[W/&]?*7>:]CKU#"[ M;\DUQ_'=7)%;(D$?P%(5AFWC044\`:S31!1V4XBC,(_/20^8HH6%T&>SO)'/ M8KNW/"AESU1,KF-A2W!O[Q=?34HGW4\06QHFS]"?0.:U!':@?":>'22BH^BC M(S-9`:JPQH1$^/D+F _Y'854D05!L;O,&N[W -4527.AKP6&8'R[IOEP1=PVA)H M)T$UN)I23/F`;T)".$[%( DT3K%I`$+%$916_@W',WD=:"?_^N=]D M.*5$;!9A!#P2$V>_5W/-0R_9%37X?"7/NOJ,O+GE/ R#B;J,>FB_-; MJ?0`$8_,(J1S>XZA6X["&MSQ)=L@I;SRYE@V;KC":3?@KUVO?^SUIVZYAU,L MRZ*-_V-IQ-[ _2;Q?'%&8N 0?N6Y%3E5[ -X:4+GH2HDY-Q'&# M0,"G'A>;[";G5TS0H@MG?\2[I;V"L3I?21Q[[E/X8EG2,`>+A?8D>EC"='9U M4@Q\)7RT%RY.[04V>TBJ;#D[/ 9G/TA&U+OXWT[ M.WQ,1VA")Y(80&!,62P94$3%W`;;YPGQ@6>W>OR%(& K3>X7*JDZ!GT^@'>]47?[^RY__)`C_\%YTIU'3L)`([PE@!R'% M5^)6T.+6`]SZE:S_>?'>XM4LW\;?Q&]HF[X]Z?!Y;'^QG_D-1PB@U.*SGPY[ M =_/W;%XC''W0(7NXU\K0U"'D`:PAOX978M[P.FY5A?V;1T@4P0.&O M_@T^B*,+8)&L0!@/\G4YN_AE)$Z'[']^K,\A5`3Z(X[^"-$??1LM^)=8]!^Q M+8/ASSY]A##8)@##^;U%G/I\I,^+_K0%ZP"2^/1"U&>2D"23X;!(DL#BD-QP MS^,EQ0W]=K]&W*\1=S$>]X\@WV=1ITQ7`HAK)A(C`>YW7SY>_#*+0_Z(3A5( M/RH_3K`,01)L82H LQ $3R+#**!"X_$[;@_]@%XR2:.PU:.PX'D'[Z7GQ&]6" MGU@,?B1:7H,^Z#VXE&>PUL_D^`3Z*X1+GW1*WQWNV);THU-N^4F7F67WX7SO M;%1\X/L4'-VC1H`SNU_S')J30G.UPNDH.#84L'X"Y[J$MEP48^A&DLA]`KJ) M1=+-F0!2&]D6%5%MU"FJS0J@FH,$YID8NBO;&TB; :G0A,=B"*U[#%Y MCJ/&KJ]4M!M-7S/Q/+7`'@I.DE-0',[K)F#-\7NH7$V:0)4Z5W2A5)G73I6@ MTXN6%22#2Y3_1PP]P9J`C2R(7!6$$F4Z;R%-$J^2GK:*D98@M9OD-!1Y/18E M!56.%@4I$J([CD'YJ*Q1.CRTP1`II ^.O%,VL8ADB.FXYD$9'5+SC7N.&( M%A ; $8VL%?, )-A56))Y),1E@YK>=ES7!FI::S&+U+I4H'[%6,HB MMVQ2]]D"@GB0QM&FU_^:O*"X[MK= /A3RWDF$ E934`>B;GQWN+',K6XX%3QN M#1$`1TU%OL4B&R-'K5-"!)J"MX]'_P>6.'2ER,>"C'CN1WKEO"3PN\Q\WF\8 M&>9$O*XHV!)X$'%2+&R_&D#HG,'"(C+^]K\F)RA)_.NX&%`^V4.6%.P9RA=+ M72YF\2SSOZ\HX.()=BF*3L5V.=`5$8U>BL,$;`U];\&P)B'H TLIH8W+Q:+HX6\4XC7GGRZK,X'D>N=5*` TITTPHHGTF01[QG"7ULTK/%D#&U5*PA6 MYV]VK(^#0N%?7G:OK>S0/R>IA_'!=V)(*L`H`4,F\0:G/(R^$IS'2"@\XP:/ M%@.P;E15?\$>V8^Z\5ZWEN;:4MW#.G+Q+G[1D!O`&@F0A-7M(,`GLI'41V*: M*@DVY*;E>@)_F@FHBA%-X+/G\2Z[#$RQB8_;`4 ]&R@4QY^!2538L%. MD(U("U4\4:_/1 Q^+%$`U;.XL-!+?_>K]4 ME0T_V2O95(731]+C9"8:\JMOA^P!O`F\B=_FNS9I:_\HS,BG0+(D`HT:0Z!9 M6$!8#H&8IF/.Q"!;A!MG1N"FVCMVV"!(;!LD:C1))U&Q2%=$P,9(W&@>ED*N MEX!?B(DS2RCNDQ-:I3PRB!X@-C:(:9\>Y7M2%@J'!>V%T:35U,XMO)>C AZT0&T;=!X,-[&&':V$.@>^)M=U$%R;6,>3I M"@_R1QVOA."OPI:_$A[D%OJPS$9S"?Z$1R3SP66\CL1=8[8L1BR,[$DHT@C: M-T;BFT9[TY+4K\2T#.V>8162US_?Q=`4PCH52^ 'ST1"$F(@$#L?>7PR4;)NIF3GB4O;AC#G MW H>[/7U4?G-6VU@[%OS5DRY\32BIEU1"IE(BV#-FZ3)0V;C?= M\B^82M3`G6Z8RG\9$>[7G1.O)%H918$6D2Z_^4JRSUL,H>K6QD:(61XEK9N` MN87-.:FI,G*%IYQ;2+DD?B`9\NEH^'H)F)EZ]E%"^D;CI>OO)!5[5AZWY'Q# M I%Z2(IWL>:/42][[]6^/ M'S03Y_9G)/3U=2 -Y402.ID3=Y&Y0:#&>%V6+FTON!MGI\7368'+C-A`Q%'VE MR/;UN) '"GC4!]=H84$AFJC66'0 AQ"R0PE"4_-_W=X =`5S7Q/^/+BWCO =^U(JE8K@20 U^#S.G?8%B/L1J".I M_R;2V6-^&AR-)0G&LI"CI23.;]23V)(RZ&GOY/!'.C](!W;LYIWV47DFQX?1 M)Q`D(JW-\Z=3-51LA^[A'.>IG)$B+:9T_HEQB^82%I^&SVZGQ(H)5C0)"=`> M.N:WIDF\4W54TZV6VLNBI`\(T!XZYI>^!.,>JJ,:!+RO6O@`_]90,7^2IAC# M5PS-GK8&>=VRQRC0(DKF#P0390DK)-R+_KH%\$5O#16;$O6EH%FZ8S.:49$8 M'/&70F73'YR1C50-W:8=)9CP5SFIFIF3': -%`KJ$8E =7GQR2HJ&P!"_OC8 YU7 1M,Z215G@:3VE-2+UUE;, =HW -FS\NN+#;:S,5L^?WN6=>>AQVPJ1W8"*J- ME[U-; T8VU+I6O"79/7[V%K8P1K[JXM*V,J[,K>K>;_9 OG9\.L VV^OC9V]H&U'9UCU+VW.R*S:V%860 MC69H;V3KJJWL[>KK9E[#3&G/O!:;S6Y40J8IG>Z>]13%;I0,5\S%AIG1\3#! M!*Z>BPVWIQWI],G V\[!AEG5 MGH-MMZ+=2`(4T`[9F]>>J2VPN"UOI&T6;QMFB^MG:F.F8$\:DTPY1Y+V#RQL M3"M%=C*W96#AJ"FA5G92LV:'1A-9K';>M7=:X?# 449;_.N/N?'QHPU#(QJ3J 9T-)GL_ MN*PMZ>N&\K!AVTM=2`CW@\O:KX_]X+*>D=VSKAW8`NH'EW5$,3/MY?6VM6=A MXZQJQ7N17>)D;T^+96'/N'8QKLSMZ=Y7]EQNHSOM2*5#0YG=&^XFU+-TSS8W M9A!D6_G9,"O D]VR MJ*VH;FXT0WLC6R@G7_5`S[8S[[6/\NS&DO]UC_( [QJ >]SLWC;,&- 2MI&_(5F'++/E'[XONEJFPD$\#W ML?R]9;`_?IM\8TP??GO2$TUS;=RXL_2$J)JVHI>VY[2KXJE]#25NA)%Z11); MI!E(2,TNRV@* 8=U@46Z-,\Z\KI9*H^$B`9T"N!5*C>;(C'.B;\'4 M^! 0B))+33D80UL#_`J@Y@*#[I\3TK`F8F7,V,(@JZ&T^MS M/$E)X18S[#-9*7(K.#:?]AQC@Y?A$ME0]OB*]X:U*79P5CF\NVXK[TZ"D==C M'GN&]>:QE1QKI7D\&R`6S+L[8`5@:N+#SC%FN/`R9M@ >JX^8FO=,^_)`)I=ZM M^IO-QB`;7!N>N;,-^TC348(U737D:CS3&J,8LUF"0+EK3$M;TM08%1N+E:I8 MIM*B^MC4&*5*=.!P9]CT8.A_$+FU7FL\KI)7T K AG`'QK8M!WQ'PA1/.LO=GZNM^QC)Z>$!M7Q1*W M(=SI$[*OG,U]AC8N]]X='O=)VA(8?0N\,Y2E9=J`X5+Z*Y'UC8;'Q*;(16;. M@IV'H%R@7=;@8!R>P;$HO('21[)A>6W7F;BGY&3F54L0!8%VW_FHJ^Q?VG6D MGXB\U715WQS2HER=6"NK?U[ -9X1Q&B4N,=.4V]$3)1 MO0V?5" 7$6^B@%9CQ*.Z:THUXN+BO!&/ M(,1K-.+%DR*K$2\F$M\;\-38*>BITR-AIPD?7Y4-B+11OS@."?MS`Y'2:XEA MLUJ2``%" 5Z5'$:LB8L&.])27AG]Z8C,220*!CK&->9TF9-%B%A7\$0SS*MV$K0 MQ=%9TU@(KME6IR7K8MC0CX+Q'I>$=PY=##OFH&"LK].$L?$+SFGYOF*:*?`N MPR^6+I/3;(N,LE>:(0U!!?-X5!+>=>FBH3S#WY_)G09TMQA,OTJ*]DFG%-89 MJD2ILE;(ZJ.A[SR#'^YO[^XT4[_39'U'/JS71,9G/.!K=!S^E:TV[`PL./1Z MM8%UU5>BLH?1K;+W+T(ENOVHZB_V=2?;X^X6^KN#^_%?"JS5#'E[8)O0J0^I MLU_TGE!EHW%2>Q_A_)VL;JA]Z1&O!*P=GNQ3E _ MIS'%O_QOU?S[2GG^WQOS[X+G\Y__]. ]0,V#2OYY@0^\E%0@TUM!)6OS M[Q=XV?^6=ON_:TNZ3_X)'JJP6^'#&@!U7H"?+]?23E$/;X4G94?H%_+R5=]) MVL/CY9T)KY8_/PW8#P+\(K"?^/ )CSEJ'^-P3!`>UOJ8$L`KJU"YURA$Z0#")8E*R$O:'`KWM) M50]P@6!NB0"OD3;,7`GZ6ECS4YT$V3[629"T%5S)!]P*Z)8$\F//ZTS8;_AH M,#^ZL8+'Z_R1(#X4)&J%,BDL)14@(@+=$IQ")9G"&O1->$:%NQ+NUH($>N#" MKU#XYNB2(,'UGLN%+997#?@[^!E3#A:>BP`+_(OGH0BG_5?V!,`(##2`PIV/ MM%2)8.K>WPV%?G=1LW-+#!AXK;&!=QB";)"58N)]1#(T4'C*L#EY=0@^,M@N M80W&RXL. (F=T M2\.\H4T)X44QMQZI1MZHELU'%YZ@A=F[G[P&V/D2YD].+?V)1W!KR.[7F!8% M26&\96X8TY/4I(]`,O).`F/R(!T808IQ&W%^`BY9^@RJSQ@F\`#O='45:V&] M5G5\)3!D+QFV@I J1MP$1=ME'UJHLSH[.P2INGN ML^R?]G:?M[`'#S(0T`,9BLQM$/Z.\105WEQ\??R-7OS,W@KZ!(#MT.'80$?> M]4#L^][(NJIR\Z(>!L*%%V7I13)6]`JN^HS-BVCP`.?@%4SW-X:DF4>KN58, MN.4_EF2`]W25?\V.+A$.H-91&MUNX?'J" L^Q BKW84"`N@LCE:7M\)X-[31330B?#@B2* M884"0 H6=Q(&^8^E4/";`N4-I;9_N!)N M*/\1O!2/%SSO &8%D!_O,=VUJ!RC"0,= 03SGQ$J73*Y5[MOY MUP*6*U7`_L3"L!#-\N@.V$K@!/#UN$!,%\%A'"3M%5PJ_3=9-&\_GDH[MI#0 M@/$`!(N]?-#N)85)I,]C,($#J7J1,*@24$`,7+E$^AP'9R^0 +*P3$,NV MF4;1QD)[A!`#C@'^5V0^`I.H>4UO8`V:-AI)N![UBL#=;@_*B5S!G`M?Y)]9 M=:9&J#(99KOM]-0XAW(:^67PZ%,PI1\@WJS/P#9U%,R4"N:&OHUAYXF2GWSE M"T"9J"H%"H-UPWR,L,25E($?C\;"-)SGFZMCO,T_VU=T[N_\H^$E`JZR0(#^ M>;'435/?71R)XL@,)]XE__VM\+]XSE(0]S\$9DM`,NQ'8,\E)L=>E)6Y_>?% M>/83YER1$_#CO*[8'X^6H\('/*M8^(QI0V$L#LY%_7X:IB (8IT\$WN>97C)=9TL&[;06\3Y@-(C1,S(!'=2J%7=&O&-&.)K/`" #.Y[MG?*/97:>C?3$***TH) MKFOE?C%1O%!`(5GM `^RVJ?6@G&1M%>RL,,? ( M3N%; )M;Q+C;5N.3Q4*..MA4S&^4B $"H_"1S?` M[Y=@*BQX'+P@$7_/6OH&=0CR@A5VKD\0DXR-@ QK#G$S#UU-?Q`DO),_&7Y?`XCH'$VX=QQA38C$O\.QN%P*:3 MR%MP$J$.H@.\C!S2X3,Q)[,Y,+:""PP)%X*7JJ(1')(!U^C/-@NC!ECP,4[T M.%/#-9B7.%;`.[HI9``("\/Y$!`6]2GQPT!05!2-!_D6Y3-!WJF2_/WR4=[J M*CH)CN(E+!>PY5O8Z2NBLOE/WCDB_IE2;/:+ET!7PCV&BL$K@\-L^!U\'A@* M+\Y['[CQIW GC#"W1E2#1!YAD67;E'OD!$ (N_*+" MXQN _QL7'Q]8*.@-KU@@;J MQ;..DRU5Q3SX]`*-W&ZI\`F32'_/\!G/+;8LPK4[=+WLN4S%0.9PZH=C>]T[ MF%(L"?SX3+@2F;C"YM?9D8&"TR^/490$UYLXN VP_A;?:@T@*B`0Z+4BP%`%B`:4/"E']AC5T6)$] M10^MHXX9#' P48;[-#4`W\/#@%D`Q"=88*@C^S!S(/VC#NO M+$$NT",;CFG%$]T)M5?D!S%DQ9F5R==62P+1*68 % H9:X4056#A-I"9=%3W%(Q92L>97-N MB[`X RY29:L@YJI. !5?3=Y6 M.E9IM(97+?:A+;-:7\/3FRVP6MD&=#1"1AIDLUH .E'"2UR-1K!LGM7R\G4U&CO.D&P*DU;G03SV";^L6O=%\=M9KYM MA>4X"E9?4&L':/!:#WN#2[=,W"UFIV=)YDGQ9J7;70GVCL1A,= %6"O; ([JVOFP MBZ&%^Z.Q"EJFTC9"Q#3>U]?8.TO7V'LJ@5,O\ LGXXIR(F$(9&T7U9)H= I#:-Q_XQ MW`ZRY2:_T-1GA&],`3MCL#&FS4;X5G `S31I%H*MV/BLSXV]N=. )E=+].Z*. MKC2,J[$%]?E1IIE52E!][K8NI:E&A.ISX@E%J+BE5$;,RCG%VP>AUSZ67_D] MOQHG+I%,>#!:I0B$9$:3E- M?? M4= LT#XF/F2Q]Y(=]9*SZZODIVWW"^08`]9I+SD;7PTS!RM5>LEL0Q_:XB5G MXM4H,J[MO60)]C'Q0=2]E^RHE[R>7)5Q('6_ZHQ1OD[[TVOPI_$10Y%;RJ6C ME&U _O' 0*]&':B:ZG` MX0SUZ4,S^KCK.W?J9K,QR"9TWOPI_KUJMD8U;2M?7*MRC1K:E";?^G3T#@B@ M:%21B];1G+/D/?*MY*+(G0G/ES-W,0T$\D,F>W94NT"W[/!UYS38J(GS2I3@ MY$[CU" VEE;1T]7UCG>FR?"+&KK/-J_7I_?_@P IU(%TC=KW MINRSM:ID4?RY>EVT"./QU3A;.T:W+4)35B)B2*EHDU 3\2K M46+>]"N1MJ]$%I$VO66!4WN6(N7WG' /K"SSZI4BVI4C9Q?C] M4J1TIS6_FF5S_]VV"(U9BH1XN`8O1?H]D6:J^6218CQ"C2N1?$,JFB$&]6OA M:!:IARV+F_J52$?CCNOQU3A;0W:WXXY^)5)8!4^_$FF519B,SHP.>L46H3$K MD1`5:_!*)'$%4+\2J53-I[.KZS949_4KD4)6(M'[7R%6TF,5'6"'OH,4KSL3 MAOT/H;"N8>T>Y,>>R/C%U(5G^+,0H%BEM=!BHA+D!LE8X@FAO:6OVM(GF.'; M6_JN6/K(C 2 J:\N" M_@I/U' :WY)1 MA'M#?U96\``V9\$@G#F@4*&#":.F#WHQCOI H[Y#[E;E%/ MS3AJIJD"[*D91\T$[5T%.**IUT6,J@M^W!F'DCU1;8-%5&CL("B2%,,.4ID9 M](8^&;.,50Y_'PVOQHGS:;[ :]%(SS':B5V_@DOJ0> ]R8MZ>Y8\EETO:">$]195TS:D_1#6!*- MK!63@FD#>/X+ILV3].X-7*$3OGK[5FY,W(=LQ31[=\6\Z::D>I-9^MJ7RZ)L MUSQKWV`O-?X%4Q^]E4O?C$6R/1D33D%KI7&3]=V>:%1BJ7E9I^9`T(C)*GWL MJA]?J4_(KF^91?")CI7M\!O3B528>1Q%FL=*A WSD5F;>RJ51+M:)[`^P*IS;]_`DGA"MJ3.HL'M,Y6N)7MZ M]?2J@UX>.\8_UM*;57F=]M?'WR@KQ'X@^#%(G6,A=BI ^F3H*TLV'5@#.)A;``,A#;3#.>U/GLK6 MY,U3@(?]FXL%?-DIIDG($4K>M.4E.'6H8@)GO539$B"`]"(9*RILB`;QH:H> M.*`*-GD9\%R`?(U$8 &Z5`%* M82E1Q0X^$32#_,=2J`+7@N`](REXG,K>N(7852"J2TKGO2>4]&^K'`'2- ,\H!:%#W.Z#Q7W3MDNSVJGY`$5.`]:9NT*.:`[DT MS0+=XFRPR>[8""Y)NQU9* L[*7 M#CLP/+YGPL4KL@;NL(OVKE8R?58/R&Q;+17VPT'8$=`W]TUVTO`%Q)]NE;VP ML9050 Z>!NP;T61F7[G'433L7$,D[%NC[?Q[RV`.ZX2(_. +.@_T(>%@YGW+3E\A]XU`X&*0O6XPC^'`>>.[(@I SA0+WVA*YA;?N+-54]NHQA$`Q19/N]?R1W.`D.885S*&>^-Y( MCRJYQ?I^X H.0LRA+:]"+6'P14U^@XF!Z@FAR)!-�EQS&GMJ[#=8;WJ MU-J!KL%%3'K=IG2'/ C3^.9N9^!-SA[Q!)>$O:F` M[/(T19[R]%SU-#G.+-V7A=_J'4^TS+7Z3]V/Z6;6@Q*\/+*RYVJ[N'K#MTEZ MGG:(I^PP!N$].MV/DF(4S=N -=DTKJ.0E M-7+M?UBV[P$$EO&O4JM=/;9?=,W)%GG34L.0)JI(L0W=0JKVY+:H/:1R=M]; M4-A2[73CR=4\L@:K6/4H'9=\IRQ52?7XX1^E"'V2&VNDRF1X5>;9PY7*XO\D M:]S).XNU2O:\J:H\H@ID2CR ;F=B;F23(*JT'\R3>JOX]Y\L\5 MCVY6:YF?:4_,4U.@WW!3/9M?7? C,R>JM4P6^YBGCWGJ-.J+1AQ7U\#HJ-3! M_37R/'ZH=1-[U!H 7'VH=)6CO0;611,JQ%*US)QK56"+5Q2.-ZB5G MY\XTJI> >0]>NO&N#0ZBZP^-)XF/]`X U M3WAM&N=[8 F_92F^9==QKI?+8\:FN#:ND[@F6L@RK)U@R@GDL%O]8W!YS5L2R[#)Q^%P$ MDVUN-W-FWITF?)8.K!YXX(YC"YD(*NUQDQR,;?S(0A]MG%TX/F)+,(&5Q!Y- M*%@:/Y PJ(;.V A+]$ Y?U`E M37AS\>'QX>&";USSZ]._JIGVYNG(93XV3Q,05WM@,F-A`A,S"[ 5S9QL+%N M;;8X3=;0554`:V#);/ZO/836_2[HL@QW,UF-PHR-2?8A=PFO,K='4+C$4U ^0DWG5ZO4%VX),!2$E1F7?T*B+2 MP>_NH@RLX(T0__$WBUYN)&G_]CWP4-4IN+C[M3=R^ F)O6T#9_)>M_7KRW^#7?)M_$;TC:;T_ZM_&W,?LB?K-! M^/9H`M@(XSN :OIJKXY/.H@"&A8/A.,E2Y8 M;,)>]AM\$$ &S7O MM9A'?R'F_3I&)( %OPKD1;VD^[^BQ- M^VEGRYWHE;M1`PP,N^E7B-_W](X%71`SA3Z!'N,,-W9(@^HO&+W8P0N+9/R% MT06FJ7QKM^B4%?NB''^(2KU%+V.7J3%(5,X9!?_\2O!R1G!9$T1K6?5ZN8@U M $)?_'TL]V-$XKCZ/AD1P+8E`N;G!'#"L&R#4?]G"8O1PB2>1K`1J+:FR M4B3C,!`^R_\7S!/$YS=4D80'"0^JD(4'\R!\4G8*KB?>7'R^>;CX>0#+$GME MQ+)D^RT>@,$2:V1YR;,Z6R*IYE;&58L]@)Y5WM]8.+]>A>?CY8CR_X,+X3,? MHH^)*E`\N!:>+Q.R8BOKR-22>#*2TEEA.(>\L('[F.6RCQUB:R(W5\:./,`I M_NS;!M 59TBX)H8%J+G[W!"H3Y0I$M MQ?GQ).=(&XXMIRPL8(EGC1WV;.^:F)V!@#1>`A?6"COU">7UE/A\4>MA&W]; M\+(5,]#L4!:6B3SBB6]:>:V![E@#YZ7P$]L.D?A)WK9S9@D 47R`C,7FZ]N:!\Q(7UI@F-?!.X&D` MCN-S78@X5X&@;E['3H:';&M6[C-"UN(G)]!Y%^71*_1 $_EF(>,+ GA&\T/`L?5X:9L[B-@T^\$D?% MPK>8)8`OTI($Z3>;%DP_,0*^T.1`//U&\X+A&T7`!Y`=`00]2RB!PZN96#"$ MXR@(0^Q!+(?%PCD\C-$0T:LA">`3"X9O,4T`7Z2Q/X5O6KB%& ;UR"UD1Q.Z,'G"Y*H&/4.B"C%Q2O2X#QNG!/6+S6 M#!>+8KWA,"^WB]G^:=[^RO65X*#*3L#B"^'X@[`ZL,7"0S#B8(\'UCD5?JSD M%__O'@.]/&#J6F%%7)@'5EBYAG-H=J`FZUC&['VDOQ;,4_06/"#:T8F$X%$% M:".Q.KEE#%KV^7RLKEK!LM^U2F23\OHZW :Y 3EH9"O'3'H)Z M63&(XF`RS#.9Y)PGZ$ELDU@ GKY:I.+'!!1' NR'ZXB8` B]I]A6I/*!FTV(NA-VLZ+VK" M6>W^X/?3[9_(39^0U'[LHB9A'!#4WW0WMNB-UTEO;)D J^/>Q>P/=8`,=/?B[=J&ZW[L5 M#^Z0(F\90Y?M7H=QBU]`MM>B%Y06;K!2?B74-!29]P)CY1&;XIAS4?;:LIQ% MC@U^#?3JD\(ITPH="2OMBLUR$UB%L+]9:;_1-._!\:^09M&)N(;3K,8%[+Q/ M7H8NAZ.JDM\*`7I1:U\97&_$D$),#P#M7R7WZ_(.IE1[V 'EIC@:Y^K:E(!*$\#UM97U\PMGXO7J MU-C (6#G3N M5:FAQ:H)`U#^$0 ^O)(6/5 MI`6(@8?!^,=O[J2#,]=4,'3+/GI[]8=%37;X5LA,4=^7P!E7[1YT^^!,=54/ MH:-;]X8"4@BO=`YU\XVIY9T3.N]O&@A?'W_CIZ$]$/QX)=SL]X;^0\$3T-1# M"&8G4C'QD=L9QSB(OW$6>B."$G_O=?B]>+IA#&WL6;7V67=LLIIY.NW5 6QZ)%3JT^&6[,.R/OUAQ_R5M(VY"OP M[E[#@X]NM!7^@\ TQY0%CO!J``HIC_JZ M+($-G^X^WM]ISW"!;AP^*7#YBH%XK]E#"0MDP602!7\ RPD/3B$;9K !+]!WOH]OV:'77F-*UF.:=0 MWI*5I>*30M]\8Q@H2.QH[,/QD@?I@'^ZP9--V7^>#GL",O:@2MH7:4=\Y[QY M8$QZPMYL&J!N "T MU=(H]MH8D\$RS5\1,ZIU$_FT).10XIXSM:G)Y#4QHQIGOI._?X,%>8B6).3) M= V&%@'W7#_A,;=][0Q7HJ39IZ>3>\^&54 M` G?).['G7E'Q-KX/=X&.O@SEY5T/*+FV4?\K" ^,.QMIB%4C+QH=AP ,8AL M?M(E[8:=.GUN9S46T3`,TX.0!A=&.7K'/B=*&;\'>FID91,6'T.QSTW5*4!" M0WYU%U7V;]C_:RA+"\G.+@@7@E/2C(*U8HD1.R&(]JP8NH8"BU$>] ?=,?MGB'->:Y.P9;,3R'/`,$)#O^Q%//PF9A;?77'8E=\V)$( M(.+X\,U9P!E7'LD&;[W#9BMXC,NM+]+*T#EK/)HKF5SW+0JLI-2^V ,HU`]J\F"P^)DB*8A"Z.^O\J*=HGG=)[#># /BB9I,D&]IF!+/Q&P;Y27]F!#PH.N*O(A30#X"]8:VZ7&@N=SJ47Q M2MH.@LL[4`I%SEPDS\F&!>]'6M&0$;A_2PU9CF/%!/@!](65BN]T$!_=$&2F MXH*AT._XLRXK$E:>ORCF5EB[2!A')`:"!KY4/0!/\%02?):FFP"/[QIS:^C6 M9@M_W%BJ9,"_SPK`JZ\%W DU9F?T+457\%\2?*BMB M`#9@>O!>,*":OE-D_&G%5N5(%-U%$+!=(_Q'!!4J:/`V2B7C 'LU8`8).`?16&`B8'8.& M?BK\2AT;&]; >AX%@'(^2P1\'H)?&=\): M_#SM0@._35T9TMJFOR3+_#5[Z8"_#@2ZU0WS$HV+L-0-0W]A/4-XK0[P@:); MA@'O%E1%6H*98]U(TK'7BAD.!0P8F"_^?2TIK,/ VX]$-! "2[#=T7* M`#.P`!LYV*P4UI:&SW/B+281?XGJ*!M>G?24+8_]:-%WB5?ST+L`G*T" @&K'[T<>>B%^`=?F.JR5L#P(&'%OP)OJ^,0]2#`(!WIF M!?NW%9EQ_G@_4%.260L B2J( @IN!?""VIA_, M'?@0 ];P?\!.JX;S*T" M-B#''FW34$0C.^O"VC[3V_[R)RX$31@C;Y@Y *N4.T\\YQAIK>/D[U=Y$)8`/T\"NC3/MO,V$IXO-M6'W,+ M(#&K!&J$;1B\VU1ZEA25N1G[?D4#_=VQ`(J!C"%]M':.LFJGJYP#OOJ0#BP FGG1?ARB#4 =J``:_JUBHD])AGHQ,'1,BCAF:JR4TS;7^#"D;K+/83'#A28V#&> M4H%::/3IR=OIB[1WWXWY6A .LCC?`'E@/II%/ KB('O M=8BSKJGHK@A[J+"UXU6(,Y`4\#A8#:]T)H,(K_=NO!Y>RKK5X2/=0SS&#?_Q M]ISR5$M&XI2_C`?(OC-)B2ZH"=KAG?2';G@2`,>9CXZU6UDL&@>S\=LC2(:J M2@85MOH+F#UC(,CV7`A,H-BVS1-(8YS^3#3+UB1B9VOQLQW8,K?JKI6 $#SKJ&$O2.$'X6M5?:``&()D%!F!IF8X"8^AI8%1&T#!IB'TT M3:Z$6[X24L%HL%Q0`O+9RXB0TYSW.0*[9JH+V%D>R?#9$L!'-@*-"2JP4!(T M"Q/IMNPPL^U::>0QFEHBW(*LK11)LU4)#&Q42*7I/JIR!JY").#X%K8J!*D! MU01X]JP$!N")']Q! XQOHA5!2'4]MAS7N,__J5:-C$(1W (PVYT]8K^62G"I36_X$U_, MX0\,@977&@@2FT-`W6>P$,(?H0].`TAW%7JD&8;`OL1EH@DM)T+E9F580.S# M\P1+!*NST6(NC7Z'.2G0R3U.0`(!QO1V8E7EE!WGTC/QY&3/&#WCRXO\ND:C MM(UG5VQ-6['=;S;SJ`R)9Y.`-N#M>>:+;8'P0!4>AR8,6(I@G*R`^00@W!#Q M/K";\NU/:%$GX7.Z+BAM8=ND=:TWZY1O\%CZ_9[8S9O`CH]BDD^8H;@#6FD; M9:F2&Q9FWQQ=U\U.-TSEOU*@/OBD'3I^B$)P8$YZ",K$P"US.//8=X?/N)ZY M14UPBQZ>8,E*,*F#>VWL"]8\190]A$Q:Z2!9G'MN+6I"D&-\4JB9E""3X%BH M#E'D/1H]6`2OGHB\U715WQR^8FR TV%LUV M&_FHD\=M-#S^RD>8K&YC.JJ2*)Z;PNJM\];ECE)Q.`A,68BD[5,3QZFX4B$B M*3O-Q$5E''DFAK0AOU&RMM1/RCH/&F R0&!S7'O;`X M\&H*C.9M0SE/T",.IX&N@Y:@FS>B&0W3Q'M-PCQ/M-):Z ^)P M5)Y"?P4[P[K*O&$\GYV2I4&]6$OWRX-X_>]$2)]!HPVD.& YVSE+P^O2S^B3&BUAJ+&=$6&/,7QEL_2#V5G[0H$>I3,)05`J`1X M5VH>#*QJ-@\X>\($/X-]_WL^(X4-0G& 3?*HK\T7R2#_(BK.$&/C M%S1)!7`23CBKD#!P4;% %F;RC8F 15_[=VT?_3L7#9#M$UJO(&$3ZFH)C1`]T49KN!PJ&EX*%>O;)];QF\ MY4R3["IC:BVILE(D`[MP-D0C!CNJT]NIHF!]+ VQ#"ZT3Y3VM+ "H\0^(;0*>/6%D&ED`[5 2L&H98:N-]_ MK"M0"_=H\QC!K*;NQ&*RBN.0;=";-:#X;Y">CTQJBMN@78R#B;]$0"0$O`R8 MQ9`D5MS[TX!KRU!AX$Y2@@OO3P'NO58H 2#]RF>0/>F?(!C:,"@>B6FJS&46R?]1P"8D`J%@J-,* MP>4H>+)J+7"G/7!:G`2.Y,T(][WV8$]]NE\[HSS/@CI"4"??QL-\FS&WNK'7 M,?S]%Y%6_[%@10IQ9])=N Q0F)_CRI0;$6S %U,/ZH#-;4P #E9=7[%VOCRSF 1 MYB/LU:4`69&\7(O!B+#!J&:7LDC'6R*:*8.4,Q:Y,B`K$KMIL*FTR:CF,&[3 M(A!5 $: M8:PJW&X5IMG%+A^"6B`)5/3Y`0V "6XLCMN/1Q+8>],#>*89W$+,.**_ MBKW[VY.!=R?#J?6UL'$PYE.N +X]ZKN?) *-I^X);WDO[\5_A SW-`OA6(UDZ8]XWK&G6% Q"K@U$ L\!GPRMFP7@PG5T7SH)BS6_I1#@FL.Q-C=)ELD:E MNQ87]:A )0+O2I@ M#,F@=(@!XKAG0)W&\,UDVEX&M,SJ!LX,C&@%C65(GC1#0LG,E6VK6(8GK218 MMWD2EMMI` #V2Q?0-Z1Y%F=^ +CM)[]G4TK MOJDLKU@K^].YNN+J]QN1Z@Q9 ^TXR-HKV5ACN?P1&M>-]C>NF MOM/6NK'CBT:#;"1CA;DGY=@F+O$1Y@JMJY%:G,=W"U_'7Y*@NSG!4Q)T+B 1N4JK(]P43\":?NHJC#6ZYK;P03V2NKBX4CFA:+ M)?)HX27RK(E$3E!;494,'RU=,^CT.\&H(FQ+-*[Z)(MPG<>^Y-;\>?9; Q8P/[2[B&86T-_9-%=+7ZF_X M=/C7Z6EN[>G!Z;$7A]Z\\Z@A^-P C8T+LJ64VFF-%7RDL8$&>6+;$_/%M*S,0%+ M;UK:S+I$JE!@9B@%;ME#:(L"2,005(4F;QGWQ"B5E7IS>!//,*VC'8&#F'C8 M2GU4%`?#ZWPS)AI%R'EMA'PSG2:>63.JBXZ))WFV0& =LS MC:=D;!*J-FUJ@U6:3'JK]#I8/8N>)-VR2/21&,^*3`1I8Q"2:H!1C7%4XJ,& MPH4XY?YG]99Z5/Y0Q#J#M\38M=5*IJR2J9@!BWGBR4QM1&\^2CSE/U2^&JX] MR: 'YKO["NQ5? P46J\8ME$Y[^]$P7]*]Z=J3*5G3.>VICP/C2/%JF;^_QY,* MFN_JX]>&>4JFDHI=GOKAYBUWFCB$L]E+J#PRUC3CVTA]J2]@2'`&;4^QTBU, M^EBL319F5,*,^M["M(7]T1O FY4Y"-%L?%A?)"*ZO$ MVV2U9]?EZE)OM7M!XU9[,HVT"YXE"_]8_2DKQUN3?BJ7:O:AP)ZN8H'\V!.- M$D%?AYS,\B)1X2\N3)[G,>(O_-E(9W[(X,PM)\?N.+>P,K[HNT;A+Q+6NL$. MFN`G(;"'P(?AE?"!FLH.A^?`WS1+4@4I, "R86T.W-EO\,A^ _ZOKJ! 0*U?J?J\O=?_OPG0?A'@GL?P#3*!_ B:._PW=^N[`D8.4$P$ (:9 MZ1"6`A#J*5>B;%"[XX43`:4"2KH"-&$D?B%,R"3V'3[;,]8P.VPQ'XOBY2 J_!=O(@HZ&V`4Z*FJF,!KD`2X M&+Z"+-C?T>E0BG>"&JX1E161E96-&6@92NH>Y&-O*``F@@UR@X)\\N#C@[CH MZ)JL6LYSF-'PX2>=:C.S(*KRG8"(PCV:H.EH'V1"5F!W@&!^L@[@=V&-9@A0 M)/@G5[$T`O)+)>-P)7S4@X1_00^,B/KP"*/((`G (D!+9,A03_\!T7D::($NPPV2%#F!O+ \$H7P"&CFP"@;* MB$5ML?3`;9"U"C@C&_=`:=6!&8V\ 0&) M9I .&T 0'&ELD-(H5I=9N?Z3#']:*^X/EP>L2D/RV\,`3 MUY8)$5K0(Z`55^UKPCC-6,/HI%#GA5SJV4.0ZAQTBR\1)!7D37.UPP>H8[_0 M75LJ/&>]9G&KCQ"V-P&MWG#.>.R53YCY>YEZPG]`PS>NQ7/OH,(*)!0`/:Y[ M!@(/T8=1WL /AD\BVO!(^,F0-*HR+&Y6?X#CY+">BWZ'WNA7O&!"R2[\ M#3Y`.,Q,\4Y2P2-=SBY^$2 4,J-W#Z3-!`QF+;.F2/06):5,5A3;B>++_BX+RL30+]@%8D@9?C MMF&;700O13$7LGA:PX.AKQ7S'&;#A1>S82Q4T]E\%@#K^*I,,'`%GWT;#Y/! M((X7HW)@2&[YIXMYT$1DAF'N@6&1@@ZS`GD!;S\"`3*>5"+$R2PHJ-FA"-&W M!'YX/BT0!J_..U*9`(;I GZ4?RL[:??BQ9XE?'VPW]-O] M.L0EV ,F"=0(E[ M6>(@:A1$/Q[+QI"%=7@XHT53(S\)&J06X0Z!C;9:'CX1$Y:"]'Y]:Q!8T :A[>Z=HJ*2&N@WI8!"&>8(F:)62K3C_ GQ'%@D5(QQ"D#6'$RK(#&[\A:-PB_[DGZ0>A[ M^$!-12Y47,:3#,2/!*T2'-,+6'#MUW@ A;(,Y8(>B-HE%H79N/` "GS\3 0%95&TK`F]]$M&M;C7JJBX0,QWDE4 MD1^W6!ZCK/YY@;[L ?TXB?,(G!+M49[B-+Q:+!J`TW4$3@GW/(-8S 5[KZB625:G6('%+M:>S]+:/B]@Q>$E M#J/T*JM-3\NMDO!:Q$AA6KL^2FL#R^)7%%Y9;7M:?U427F*4?F6W[PV11#$J M$LQJXQMB.18QEB.MG9^6I6'8=L>?0%;'!WPAYOT:U@K1D>&D2(L_O(I>T:0` ML`0\1X5Z@.;BN1@7Z1&&5Z/K9N(Y*MA#-!7/<>$>HZF2.R[4@S07S\6H2(_2 M!#PC5Q/G;5&5OJ4P+QH5)XS.^]$J_4O9N(Z&,1) ;@HG0SV^9@3/%,AKV4)#@D\1O) M-^ =!2W"6B6,QC1J4]QC.Z M+ ]0P%-2%35S.>P=Y;Q")K@7[KYD`LP"=4=Y@1^G= &&N5ECH)1UQYZ?/F3G.FG-&0>9'*"5W:)(&.N:A!ZM"! MQ0M989A60\Y1G>0,.4"F)V=V [\R"I6C9J%5"C+9L-QUT@697Z-)D7>7#;JR#9-/JLNY;% M[.P,,R -2.B:I-[%0 @+! M("H;86[J$9&)C-/BJ7. _Z5DJL .J_5,E2O0A5OGE=#SNEKV3ROAIRUEG8DV#QOH*6-LY\5T_'6 M,@P\WBTY* .FCQT^Q(YQ4W4YN0G, M['QJW16M&KLJC4)TS4E9V%6KJ:]=4:LIN"EG;59G-'+=!8I5:4BF99?;5$*Q M*HW3I,X"I71F+%U%8:4&CI?ZR%&+_O:)8)5F;CQ-O.AJ,LFJM'/C^;P+)*O2 MT(VCZPKKL70>RV8_8#'V;O)==S0U^IZL"=C)59`;?6ZTSXW6F1MM8V)`',77 M#+8X,R".$G?VM#(U,,O&O0[IZ"M*XG5 .>V(QW[E(JG?),+B=ID?* *50VB`EXX.GA`^%EJ\A; Q- T,0@!PVAN@?W46E)3TDP%7KW7#4>F$:Y3)$_4P8;% M-"2-PO(=?\9F=O86/!AA;QF4M=!+JYVB*=3$/GHN0`I9NV#BFZ3]GD@JOD&7 MX75 @^>W7&Z`Y/EH")$VN$)$L%D\VKEP>>V8* MG-*)/3PI(^ P2`\ =B!)SVC#W*L-BZ!I1RLN*WL6J*"^ M6NCYUPI15R^Z\1T,OJH*\%`3+(:!EP``YHLN''"*`3H@B)"8G$MPW1^6H="5 MPK24#EQWP*Y%"X:"KG,;@`J@Z8*J:QM`$_P)*C?^ZL&LF^Q]!#"5M2(#X8%@ MJPVWNZBX8$7!5YKP'*2.`8JK&-R4K""P,]`?HDINF75@ZQ;F)I20!!!_WK.D M6ER//==8X!$-4P*[K1#@X(UJ;IEXH$;OI#]T9E+P'A\W&4ANW(%/=VR>; 94AYSDPS=>/)7B>!5P$V M,NOFN&D43[)>8PCP;*\MD,BZEF`Z)#(3791EZN"(W7MQ [N^*'JA7SQ6F8/54+-:HZS&;Z6`4 1^')P[&&#A(X105N56@DW&,R*+*? [05"VZ5AG$:7P&8%[F"J%*IKHR+[X/I M`EF:.>*G2@MBMP=Y+ RNZ((. MOA$3%#SV'"B5`PFF"366`RTSN+^=+;RCQ#157M70::,;W]K26'GK@L:+^?2] MJ^'@M)'=XE5:)ZPPXY6XW;8_^1C=VY_ F]NL3)5(V4/ MF*SB2.%*K739(R4:( M(5M8>DMPI1M.R9OK&VQ&.L7^:G,&9;3K]_QO#?_[B0"-[.JX,8\5X'8;I*6M ML+=765K8=$,D`UN;W)Y&IT_(T\+!VFFQK2.ZF?W*'Q$)2[N=]H48O&-*`8[S MMEKLY"$&0`VQ".M,5K1G0@&4*^&+[N\[ 6`\F/D ]%]L*M*QY=*YQ^[[ M#*$*0/1"5!7_A=O70%7!:87"SGM&=-S*6)%GHNI[UNXD80 ]EV>\OD#W]AW:`KLB *4]6 M]9XI/YM4UO%3S)L2M$N%O"A_BLLA5/O6MZ 1 ML1PPC2OQ)>;GD2.^6\"9*I/-DVS;]AU2>G=U:O!!:+GTO>%%&F+&,KU*W%%] M2B`.L_7X=$@+;O4=SBLZ#HRSBXC=,7[VL+RJB_@J]E+%RT$'U&,RS'9 D_Q2;>GU-KSE67),`YKW7B1C%6WO 0JT.E"UTJE+4N+^-Q+![C?& _]FB`# M6T8)LEY-614TK`#ET_$ ,_*C_L0_J 9)UV M7.]'LVQ#=!HA `RW>:#":O8H]W99%;U^(&3$U)2>SQL"LE6[!6J\536GI MD:DW6RS.XE.5.1G4"'6*[7B,&D7XRN2OVOJ,67Q^HPO"%V++/;;;H?P\Y-3F M#FS)W5K@$^`=6G8/T7RU:X0M'RY:G*WJ6]*+DH* #O(H$;XO87Z4] MR;LRK[^=+.M\_VZDKE[5E/_V):Y::1H3YZU>E?"U+&O5"LGS>`#^L?AA]O9# M3BYQ_@J?EX;PM]-75D(5#I]+%A^X[1[%_SL1MM(S$=8$)%-2!_`"G(^.E;/K MP.GC+&EG3YO7-H**XTM\,TMP_GCD/'YQ?C*/WQY//(B^9328G(PV 0]=7>.BZL#;TG1#Y^J$X%LRM MH5N;K3`:GE2-70F/UA+>JYF*I*H'[. 29\$CX_2F`'3X(KOA-X`?Q98Q/WV>_L>`)[(AG#PCD@(,CY6';OI(-@C]TW MB(1'%:RNA#OW0(3C^0``D:'0[P/AQ98W=G32"B*LD+[F&#$:9A"(6804V H^)?,(GBSM%58$DDZ5PJ4[1B>N([3O9:O( MV^*D79R?2/OO^5F>EWFQU+X2OOI%5@IY+#L>@_P`:*G_ @1D MW"I+A9U-\HA'B5C>0\M]4+L`L@D:Y(QPB!$DEAAC_(>U,#%CX@)J+\DRGOM! M5OSL$`I8V,.LD"!;R2!;706IIW\5R'\L6$0-!&7-G[#-2(2\YW0TUA&?,Q0> M)QPV+.R\^HS#N>NH/C`)I$J!6`VP.+Y;-8F!9[P`/#OP.#MK%_WZHXS[CX]1 ME36Y$OZEOX![,ICU+])7' S8GVP^3`HS:6 :;5B M+SV^YU;2I)4BG3G")X-(1$@$T\PCEQ(PB!*7!XY1.-(1PZVDX$=%7. ?(>&R3P@X"HM4.C\%_FQ(AS4-3!'60+I,*H M=6.@/_6Y(9_W0 `%)8-6>CC19,Y7T14 7\1Y@=*#Y]\B8U\)EY 0;.X]&\3!N^V1NL,Q[G=I_]F0Q]F"4#9Z4*%UN:SVSJAZM;#A9,D[UZ#I9 M,DXMZY`)^>IL1?4VY)C@R%C67J6'KGH(4;4,2%#IV#.@U&K3%FM`RRQPFB!. MMCM+T01W6?[&V MN*4#N[O0(!+5-9".`^[K43S'B3 !&N/^XW1 MS9WCJ/9.MQ&6=9-*.X2,M:%RF.`ELF0!A5\(0(=`\\9RU@6J:QL=L=#(1@=X M.98OBKEU>_4!3+Q`L@!-@QTHX;15ZQ;OI \ RK!!-QK])-$2\KX2;H!(M"8Y\@$<>?,(P8+("(F98(";N MF_6S*KJS&^;/B9`X"9]RP:8I>)XL:6$*>J[S-USG`QARW1YX]]==],`"(=H@ MH HR[8H M8?7Z$.]GP?OE'W^SZ.5&DO9O[QB-GJ0?[Q4JJSJU#/($TOU.U>7OO_SY3X+P MC\"5A#Y(R@J'P:$FPL5?R?J?%V#0&%[?)M_$;Z/A @,2A%R`Q%J#Q9%XR0*(7 MH%$\0./L`'WX`89$8V^_LV7U@ZT1!4(8#5_T^R,!9K^^LR 1BX(@=PY[6 !*WR[S2H&`Q4#H`!!89I#H][OK%Q:6251A^$2\TZ(8O4`XPNCA MK',P;K1#))=H&%OCGSDK_#!QV%VR0C!EX#H`@\TGWZ0,'&%B: 3:IRW=;`9B#B[%EW,?IHQ[D?TGY/P&@* M@#F2: M/ @'RI?3W[DH!]_!;*^ MMX48E\A%1BB7XB0Z%DX'5NFXI0UQ+L4S,4[3 33*DE/]9$\C`#L=V_Z1M[B"T MH ._J[+!MV>!5J@H*0!F;^]0&!3RT92DU\.M"GE04RC@Q'0XOXO>4_X MOW?:# ,\#4""\J4/N4'=3';@IA6$T'(4YE=SPXK:@ M;Q.H 7=!8*;.3(YG" E%>GG3V MMW>XN0UQ)UY\8QA8N,OK"I++Q[>=_/W;!WOC^($8SG,5^0/;E;Y?OU=P[_V9 M/!+9XK6\-S\4RNZ[9P=,T +:1;C:TWXX2\(B'=2') MZ-?'WY+1,MR]M(:6)VK?RV#%="M$!L.M7'MHZ;?JU 1_987*?`)T5+VO*6UCK5&)^)J;T7C*EBS25MO64L#H4$3A)ZBU8O>6C M%OV'URI'&)UB2@.+#9=_8)FDJ6,5GV$J_^75@EAHB;]OB(;%$/@H_C.OL9,` M?D/"WDE!533BU&D^\UI8Q1!`@)4=JT:T*%E;*C\.=R"@3&&Q'Y92QI\ 6FQ KB!Q9'.F:`R!OEK MN!.[_*BEF@YGD&D^.)D\X.84(X`EJ0(\QJE ZRF\ M]D&M]DO.D(A+%2N_A0?R"UB-JH&->(:_6^GX5O;H(&,]_4ZL>4Q$7F(0D:NH M,\8>GC>?7XCYX8==UONKKJ]8';#7@M[0;_?K5(FB:4AB-OZEQ8+I.C,/.4Z? M^>[P6?I#-VY1@=W`X ZTB`,M\GEZ= M$/FP"MA6(?](C&=%)C ?3D,1GU6#69(_%:?V:F0WW M/`9Y&K;MW"JL\QKDUK,]CT%N0!"2#_FL!GD1ML63`7/6G0WFYCU9)FD23[VO M=QVFGB$OS0M8VKV CT58+8^\=(@3#F5T88=>B;Y\0SR MT^/)O9,#CY,"CTL]_S2FMOX]U9C$M"]+,:+*F9LX])_&?7+.J@/*,G42+]%Y MJE$YLXR' B;09:7?_D'^U56XJS_).S;91'81@7-,#.&?,F_M00J2OMY.P@ M,;V(%DO.2E[2*)Z5 2A/R^SCA_]8;*=4 M.PZ!>8-[D3\/!(V8P1UZ:NTK@^V-&!)$>P`H6N1K5.A*#6IKJ)+@[+%SV%4! M8OQ)*+GI7Y^5ZXJ1^TJ4W=(RJ%M\L=>I>2G)8/OLN6+N8%A[_FSY7*U/J^+/ MHGF-MB;!,7OUD:4^$Q`I+"TS`;_B,$(\-552":]ZPCEUS![T,4YO=WJJ-,OL MB)$'A+?,[MP=2SQ9T:?'\'0YQN@C]]ZJ-,^J="68864"+$$3R^:F;RU6;9>* M//.Q^1:LY[Z/8/%9\R82K`J>U&>3)\78Y.*J1DK'^`E/32M5$ANW8=,F(S&J MRD649B5Z]N?`9AR_ `QC89_(O7 #GOB/N:1:(INL+D*9/5%-PE];Q$`8@[(VK]9J*W86>V[ M8)*TL26LP^&4..'4*^'(0C%L-JKO;9E!2=V[$#:?KB!0TG8KC+)2A8TKM> 3K8.)XF""8RM6QT.MI?U> MQ5D \_WH7R,FFU0R MV(1H_IOLJ28WC"S^,Y$90JAL`P\-5W&T>Y%H]-'$DTG$D>?XJC-WS4+OXC5X MR`-9MG:6?7*==P3-N6.2%\/P,[S/PS*?7T?`@K>]\/.FW0,2=0R-G+DA]H&) MOD.5EY**(U\$NB5P2;X!(N%V]-3 TPX)!^TDRPGH:. MJ95@%';^T?'AF5Z;:!ARV-3>V/?V9Q@W,=+RS#IO:BAE$%AWF*Q&PYD(;\\G MP]%A!KI;C'AP'A8.^P#Q?G/QZ?;SQ */,8,\9D*?I0J90Y^1PP 0]@/C"` !;R"J"WRW-[T]N\8W&6RB>5OPP'Z*-..1&-H M:U%^K#&?L.?A/!`_*F"^]L?+/S%Z1UX\/[G8'3SILS@1ZQ18QD3^-F#/80@9 M/"Z@[O(!3)0@K?ZP>-T9_)W-!(Q ]L:*:+13C(1]#8\-$MF'2 "0/_XQB8EM\H,NSLB+ R1=J,`>["@37[$(W MN+X2'@Q@A:%@S`;^&*P=KN04S;*-_(JL5 K_^1"@EY#TLM2%RLXQRYN0E M"'*6J7U\K@D]XAQ64T@"X7X)X'";&;2$2[]-+#5U6468IS*4UQ*>Q&PJ=DQ- M_F,I?*=24G CLJ"2/QO33FR;[#C8 M7] J\Z^E/%T?_&MD=%'>) M&'*-I\8N>1\.PE-U#U/$:+#J3 '!3J0Y7X F&3CYS+'Z"NW%Z\C^M?:)1&3;5RDNI&I. M38L=7U`KIZ:=YM0H2;]'2SA5_@2C&CFU")D!W59&15J'+C!J'FDP6L8H=GR> MM(:(,)9=30]LJVZA'1=D59,B+;"4EJ+A>8YOA1'VVC5`?K#/.RJ[%*!/DX>. MM6 2K:SEO[,\S..\)Z+,[ODYZ5F%;M%?"=([?4*2)Q?[:! M9S0)WQ\_4P]VNMI+6A1P=N_\M,;-/I?9+CYB@G0L;_.>-7T9 \I,GN"`-Q&L#%E.J^.E7 NE#5 0/?5W?_AOR)$ MGHTK6P*/%;WL^'A>\HL[0 W='E;2Y 5)SBX +L[- 4CC`R;!RPJ&[]C)'_8D MIYO_ACLD^I4U1:`K>I3`%3G7)6S9;SRJ81>T`K=XZ7?*>VJ<IQ:PW*C1*[ M#S_V"B_3>@\>/$7]5BX\?WDD>Y-]Q.!@=AXK/XCQ*-W9M?HWJQ6;=2*I[W3# MT%_8Z3K)RPT;9"K/8=0@>I0GV/40X*32\]4+1&IZ=$X@TIK`RKU;2^C25,'X M+/W`C*%[RZV$59FAZS/`>3P\,8QAT[' 1Z>-BF6[:1?FQ,W\@M''`?N#= MF??&(]RBR,>1=C>\F?'WK:ZR01`/V`AZ?$?2N763D-3,"9R9T?!H8ZO1$*M" M8SP.D;?"T!A5A UB_T"5/9"&M5G?>AH2V=Q(EI4[PGDCA\R??$_6 M.#?D'3QWK9@/JJ318VZ8AOSJOMK^#=[JSG!A%R25_V#36R1)FT[YCX:^NU%5 M76:DWTI`N78Q8S+J%"]^TZ0V [&\LA1O>->C,C;T1@4]D(ZF?)1.B47J+ ML;]K;353,0V+FK>X^ W0ZHIU9N8]\TI&'2I[I3^Y`I*3S MF`.#Y,HGT=&W=IQ$L,:@;*#PDR&MB#,O_!B+TZ+[5)O7F+K`G6\7WP' -,STIDREM$B DLI(FOG`>J%UNXAN'-]AUM8T/;7:\F&7'=%(%.:OAV;!!/`LY]:D4 MGITWO`7:]2H*+F\A;M-W.`' (-*/L>3&>1W4XAP4$VG^YK MF9A[6R9:P)SZ#HB:#Q;7Q3.G97K/5CC%MUJ$"EYGNJ+$P70 :7^O MSQB&[@&4H@7-6)JVR=PN!HMYJY8B0BNS%6VRP(N!>%VG2'@L(_]8T4`#GGAN M=%L[R[;8!P2Q#58\$\*>B^\ M[.K?7`V1D^$P.+;;\_!LKXT_L?BC\DP>=$4S'['C^_\10W\@!DJC D,1U>HM@U5B5J`'H[',L8D];Q6@!7KIE'%D6@AD- M0^T%+CC`WY(6HBP"H_>KP(TIH/=Q25E1B_(P!C!6(!="E. '!#"Z$_[)JP7`C MP32)W9WXT/;`L:65(*C\B#=Y'W4CC5F8A(Q8J`B53&J&MC*-FH7TGE2`WA/. M2$GGJH`B*?`JPYHGF,@QO2Z>G*/NQC1I4"LKIG$4H&J\VAK3),`M:TP3//RH M"FC;'=.D0K#$F*8^G%H8RR1!L"6Q3$)4VAK+)$"ON;%,$2.])F*PS2?XBCPP MQ(=5T^%9`L3"\%DR[5ZJK\29*7B_?C`435;VDGJ#LZ;_320#F9 S+C0:#(2\>+WK.I5^PD2T##-%8X(EC!=AS6**>->C'U^0$)0')AO.S MO$\"2C&=?;SYS3G)C^I?=`/`?,*_7OBVF'![Z*T@BGNX$0?67FX);A?BGZ8_ M_5WP;4/]]592E:6A_'7P5_#Y]))M-_WU[X'..O9]+ZU6SO=C$YZW7B%8GV#? M X.XIP173'7`D0 MC>(`.M ]I(7 M+9U)&\?KDM`66=;"#6M31#&Q+>V*DXR,RC/STHGB6\3,TAUCS&R%WN+T%N?5 M6)R>E9UA952"(#,KKUO'RBI ?!%:#@ JR4\WW9*4*V3!AL,N M MM1)MM M1+_6::0#G@[[U4ZO7#WE^E5!@XS2I%\5=$"U^E7!ZUT5S*ZFP;@B[T;.E*T, M)OW*H%MVHE\9--()CT,TN%>N7KEZRO4K@]XH]:K5KPSZE4$6#2YGOR#DV(/> M1K391O2K@D8ZX.GBNE>N7KEZRO6K@MXH]:K5KPKZ54$Q543SHO8+O*N"D)-X M>AO19AO1KPH:Z8#[#?M>N7K*]:N"WBCU1JE?%=1-T,ZL"N;E51&%'#_?VXDV MVXE^9=!()SR>]$ZX5ZZ> N-^Q[Y6KIUR_+.B-4F^4^F5!W03MS+)@?C4[NRPX'B>=NI9H MU- M7JEP;]TB#31**028>Y.PPF M_89!QVQ$ORIHI`.>+((3@7OEZI6KIUR_*NB-4J]:_:J@"ZN">W-+C,:J5'^H M9#,5N#U\>C7'F]>0H6ONWGUSY;&W&SV?>CX5QZ=7 JU=/ MN7[?I$%F:3(8#IL;T/?*U8?8K=LY^40H%63+,"#T%_:Z82JZUE@-ZY?,S=3G M]O"IWT@IS9*\F0[[K93> I,,.[#L59+@.GO*5K/]Y\=XR)-QP_C;Y M)GX;#47QVY/^;?QMS+Z,OMF/__9@Z"M+-N^-1V(\*S*Y^:'0;SOY^[>;9V)( M&_+[5E \F_%$,!]S*,I MF02A?F=1D#!*'\F&(>$^[[U"34-96GCSHZZR?VE",HH`\7DZ!LE1"/7."X__ MH0JA[PY?)!SE>+_VLMBAP(-!GA7=HK :0]@TO75.=8/%U[6%V4N8M&- MQM,+>"$8 E52:^YAUZ.NE?F"$3QNGI]%WWZ7IW3FU>(ZC=; M[NM0]\),^`/1,(=PJTK*CGZQ\.4^=&_HM_MU_B6)JZJZ$8[AV(OAW9>/$)%. MH]$+@;H)6'Z6OX.=0B:N%%E2'RUC@__>:7)2I.=M0_F+;IA;:DK&UQ]) 984%?_T43<>)>\O#[JJR( SLV#>M"FFZ0)YJZ2?X*&*+^_I3;,YN3*6V?Q"7EA>\^'Q\LZ$5\N? MGP8G*4_^? ;BL*16()+1V&M&P)2,I@Q30UJ9AC? M"K_#6AGS58)N&9AD=$"F+L@#X66KR%M!,H@@^:!'TSH0)%-82XJ!.4]8>$O: M2C"WY,`N5S19M59D!1^$O4'VDK(2R(\]T2C`BE?J.(\+?X5_48)8_A1"DI6P ME%1)DP&.+2$FO1*>X`*-F"#X!@&V_! ;@2;DR!3^X=L]&]XHC!AN(_"*>L\$*`2)INPL\F M I.,!&;17W]!L`Q1O=[PA4Y33KVE:@WIQ&*VY%*]:KR9_G_ M,L\HW.H&R"L#27ASX?QY R(5'-:D" M4$H&:*^NZ99&?P9'HRH07E%AOY6,G2036!*`_P7MVW&/+%!KOU _ M,W.!T1\S7$M[^0)/,C!Y)I@ONJ!SOL!-U%[5#(XT\JYK!'=APT!VKWER8#P !06PVG)*-QISX2:Y !A(&"2'I`P,4LO1 M+)CXJQF#U&(T'0:V*0I&X=XQS.6(T6@L!G;:DD-2!@9IQ6@T'@?R235CD%*, M1@O;%A6#`:SN]1W!=6R1@B*.9H']"-_+BH$CF&W]P%8,&(CIFIMM=:[Z"K$[ M!`JK#Y*A`542)UOS(*.L_GEQ![!=`KB3BWA1GCG[*0D$(4R2 5D\C6!VZ=9:@/B:0& 4 0#K^K M.:D> ZNS6_T7N0"LP:_4M7 9K2BA D1KX3LF(Z"B_>D['#3 M.A^ 3:X(YHB*+" MZ)0PI8\Y@\ZK "[2@?+=PE_*QHRL[:.0U([RWB^_NC!1X' MKOX*/\+; 6#3HP"(TJ-X]*3>A>#H)$.2%KGK,Z8F$3!Y$+FU)Z[FBCNN M ML0@TMH\7UZ:9%LQ'S9'.**PP4I3+"= Z6XXX*:KY-56*>S MZN)&:/`LA60' &@E)AWN[VD&.C:;[>2L2DV,Q.`*O2-A8"6=KE?)6@I5_U!"Y`>P'-..TDM M5+!RT?/L+"]-HE'!.K> :M3\]8@*P11UC \(&'WR)/W(4G,7A(2^5ZBL MZA06.C3D5Y]'>T`4=8W?YKLV:=P:2N*:Z- DZFY62* M=]]`V(W;@A!^:QO^YC8;T,O$W"J(1HUA2$/MX&OD1#/M6/,Y06]6?UC49`-F MG&?Q1\,=!F: 9!F4J9?V#35"$6NH;I&^F5;G )V@>[ *A[A))$G9.7$CR];.8M6-47`G%;_NDSIURVY(%5.W25*? M]#6;U/#8WS2)KUK)RJE=[=B* GL3H:Y_.E@R87'#ZJ\U13UGQ>F89$$G?/G=HK^5A9%TT84>2QL8H(ZM1)L METD^/!EPL\3*!6ZT%?O&.RWJ".A'$?N2%:#1>.+5%GSU3,E1_#`/+S'H:9=Z M:$=Q`MWS),>B-Z0>M"=>W :9R=,K@2$L %D+,RV_IWSQF2#K*G9V-F1_[D`%'G-,[_ MQ55,$/ `_#DQ MS$#;#+2Z_LFE#RJI^[#*)ZV_N=,$>+"*4S=^/C-B/;=XC,(P]L_@S_L*4?RI M(5*'-CI>R`HAIA?18LE9R4L:Q3.QYUDBG@T;Q+-AT ('`*8C?"?^"K`\Y]KQ,@/^2%$2OLE $CJIG0!(&7/ N*D?M*E-W2,BC;8 $;MS'(J#5D?2/(:GRS%&'[GW5J5Y5J4KP0PK!6`)FE@V M-WUKL6J[%+(K50K%FF'!>N[["!:?-6\BP:K@27TV>5*,32ZN:J1TC)]T4U)+ ME KMCEX;AW#Y]5"VDG"3(;G(89J+]$L?-D_\.I8Q4,LC Q2 "0N$U-N>! MZ[?VH:0DA+FI%*C)/!P"\@0MX8I)>12?IOXDQD\" 2?@][,P6?&TW6?T[$ -5K4;/-QQ'"NT% 8/ND ]VN?. 8U/W`4]$WFHL=',#C*3#T2+I SQ.%CZ MJX''\A6R #/CUDV(J&RD%5RK$,.W2,3B-J&((J^)!#8BF7![7#F&'63%"1"??QL-* M$147`7N W&8)(V>78=&.Q +P;'12! R,%DAOE^_!Z%9$6U%2Q((,=K&A+^\*$#3"H(XKPO0 MM/P/'HV 85I$>DDXP$I`X'4DC2. M]),U(9!V$1. -"I:1`3[L=+0P:JVGD /_I[N,]KO\T4S $I6L-F3% M=L>! 8#&D&R99?50T3'][=@02*>@G8!`$/ZR"^*,D(VL.Q]21 M+.L6N+OC0]FVIG-=AI1Q!C1*) B!^9$;RP8RH`ZE0\ENX#:FUK_/5F9Q-`P`)RS>3R, M@O#T;05!%J!;%9#=46IEI]>IBD2^H`!`SI*G0$#N+1,KN5=8KUT>63QO*0JD MO`1*"!)3REQ;]I%PL$?G>7?\"C'EN_>2LK+K&9QXB3N`(DH7QB'+[?A7%@EC M/+TFP2+X+#!2V5#VN+!_;UB;1VM)E=6!^ U*. M8VQ]Y$F`[2F%CALH[Q6V=V("0O?KD(P7_[W@-&@0B?0`E8M2ZLQYR#JR04C- M/4@M[)WAD/,Q2ZF-:S1ALB7^2D,&HP8,ZOFV%:S\%$E]D/;$*%+](J"/?'?! MX*95K;K!+48V 82@+WDZYMGHBQ M>T^6A>XGQ L2BOFFH0D+%(!4QHFJ6NY0M9!# >? V M,SZ= ;,6GI5ZCFE)MB?.HI0^Y^H3Q"ZQ 6HN(V_4#82?)6T8@!2Q3B%E3C,H6-C8NE4]/C@ZHG M30_$8>0Y-Q7XE&;SI3Z-%P>+>>08X,;Y>F\F0]%6H)%OA1%.&Z[? M36OLW;2&:SUR!0D-/X0']'L^K=)]IZ1,?1HV&@RC!VV_%K=Z(\O6SE*Q\E18 MX91E66%)S-Z-ICW39R".0U;6I=CK*A`JX5R?;CMLD(#A]%5(0#DI2*&)P ]V;R^7!7_(U##D*WX,Z\K"C3OT*GP1YS,J'1R3)^=#)-[H5/QGW@,56BI M5=-P=IL*P:VEF^Q =LB!P!IY_1D>BOU^.Y;"IWRJ MKJ!BDQ\\4-M@__S:T' ;LZ5:>Q5L7[G 5R,R2@KUSN*Y?[RN7F ME*WVE ;Y8C9CXJFF.23\DQ6 M=YJ)6^``/1_5_>[P6?I#-VZ1ZFZ1R*UN['7<>_\7D5;_L20#Y):>'"^?ILS1 MR??`9 #F[P_`_:S@.4,?=>.];BU-N-@YDZ70T>5A-8^1;RX&QM0# M`L,J>,N&,>600+OV+A.,_Q\W%.K!'A8IJ7?:6C=V#)ZN#@@ ZJU2]J7-6_K^*-BT*A1 MD^ K6[@F?VNQ(EQZ9O@K>2::1:A/8M-3L0I0_Y(8QCIK*1:#Q?6P M6]0 #@8B;-N4;,^((&:U^-%3\V"J"D.9HMH:K;,#_`1'7M#7RMF3@E) M[5$KWP^?#O-J0>H(J7( VNMJ\?*-A:S@>3: 1B= 9_W`^!7LK4]FT3M.7 =KIJ;5)`WKPW!R)J'6,GO7X"H"Q_SUM01-R1NU(5O5X"VC M8FH)FLS47H#+$>!I,P3X%AZJ:!:>SX33AMCPE#XK6]QF:Y^3+0C(X=6BSR$6 M1LM9Q^2R3AV?%;5R:+";P*/;N: U(N>AU$BT_(YET0S'PDX7R2L;8V#;2K>6*HD3CH:$+>G1:?PJ MIN=0K16O"?+S/8>:ON+J.=2)=5SM3K7?`6I04KE/H'=Z!ZB6IJ%>?%LOO@U) M[/7[/^6NG/)6?#:,EK7N__0SZ(I;C>2M8.UI>5PW%#5IJ\%NHM__Z9/R3:)9 MO__3BUJ__U/N$;)=VB%*+#T-B6O:I-K)5CFOG3^U[@XEJ)Q[[?QI^FJLYT_3 M5WC\HW-(,?MV Y3F3C(VBO96&**+]4 #N^S#XL3]@:Y-*4?PIO( M6^?S\#NE-0"']_X\B'[OJ7E/_MK366#!US):1=X_B7GQDFADK9AGJ38>Q:/^ MLE7DK?!"#`* S,=%?FF?A1C^?&.'$IJY,D]90>YK 'IY(G6:1!F% IQ+*I,CH*BQ("`EJJ?HS;'0&L\21G1TP#%A^O`.M& ME/UY9W4Z% !W3%,E3/3Q.PJQJ9B&1>VG"Y+, MW(PJO5`+G.72T"T( 9NB#KE+V32FKKS?.DW>)G!Q]1\B=%B]P\RA12BH--=GM),3QVE;U1EO8* MGG7\7Q`+JJ_-%Q3&+5%7[% KF1I/U;^^!=]>#*YIT&0KEC8#P!B]ZI MNOS]ES__21#^X=SS%7^\7]]I*[(TR4HCE#[I7XAYRRV1@+O' S MBU\6XO6 B;`D!*-.!V;'>3,]Q8]HFV5;?-C==GS* VWZP4P0?P6UX_DQ_5\RM]Y9S0C9<>(5L&"OXHA@4^US` M58:I./1B&F]K6HSIB>&(Q718!Z;@2D@*+%SO=2/+3&._Z":AGW1XWHVVLGVJ MMCD:X7>'X^>GP][O`MG-Q]^Y*RS$9=Y]^7CQR_!J.!=CR8D4Z""I%"TEJ2;S MXDA%L:9.U2FLY]V8JF(GNXR* CI%T)3UL(%P3- MAI/S#,**O0772Y1G;YW.,A,E%Y8C")2%=4@0LUA4(+N]JA\(L2]P;A7VP'/* MWF`_?XGQB8*E50337;"XD=AK06%=>D0FBJ_\FU\_(921J]LK\>1B1)AM;:PL M@F]V8%\Q",PM2\4)'\G2@#71`6@SG%P)=PZH]E193+9YR*7PC,I&8^D775,/ M3D`&(HI,-+?P)EFB6_M2$`*R\I' [_--%WB*F]W!/[`P#_0%-\L9 MCY9 ()/^QX`DV7#O)^$X0>=5BBWFVL&=,XZ@Q M 5>,7M#C&=$Y[PM01@UY:2@C9%R#T\#WPW`@,1$HQNNRT[2 MR&M(&)))8OUV&]/?F8Z@@3QG`X?A=`,= LFRLHCT3GKR)8E/D,BQQ3'$:C.RE`\L6W:\_@;`_ M$6/WGBS-(E=>(_$Z&*:'OS8_ )9VA [S'7MH6R=?Q/(2S9]Y= M$)AI.3P9AF0R*P`SK0Y/0N0P-9B>Z^"N6[8/0(Q'>S.OZ+4C*UL4>#GF/R]` M8F2BXL%YN/K&[SQ*8%>&G+0WG?T45I\0V4^8^%IQV*D'\X\IQXA,0SLOSL*2 MIU;8V^-2[$N0-!6\9?*3Y]3' QQ_/F3G-B=QK2.ZH41OU:]:EZZ4:?4J8POSYR1AWEVI,S M$SF'\>0LT#=7L4-\8^?Q/)5>01QC!SI4"_-?DD+HE9VJSP&:QP(9-J9AXNV5 M[0E\!L;9)(. :F/G2W.9LJ3+M)H8=W)X:\>P MBQ;++F`WB_0.+5.ZN].R\2YS+23ZZPYR\Y"55W>PBV1=73F+TC%^PLZZRSTK MCS'T@Z3"OVL"#\(MQ*2Q:::U8%G)Q1K%9Q'OC7J*I34G/ Q4?RC M,QLB D[4B*_DZ&ZY'TY#]K;A7%@AB M@IZ'R32D)#HMB,]$L\A77LF%BY,'$#GY4$NM9J;"F\K3Z[6\U.:3X&%44!\9 M5&^#_5T5MG38 298\L3F62BFBD5&%"LSW>X/"E83:S(-?C?6IRE8;.MM(,&J.^ :G:8S`"#XXJ62J_FJP2/DG>@1 ZW==KUU,:]GV\8I=:^[VJX`/Q$E:H*0/' M%?-*>/1BPTLY9=FP6!4IY161A)JL(I%BE2 KTSTW#$J\FY6\684K^KT;F[AU?"D_2#4*>P%*MJ_5CBTPVR M4TR[8GJC@YJRP1>2*DB6N=4-,%*V?-E-67;U*9,R5GCZ=UXCK-`!YS5>2W[8 M= !F_V2.S6UW`H&NK6Y1-B5#@LA=7):^$WU'AL/)]::G?70/M MMD?[AS;8M=Y,1N!2L!N4EU3;MSGUYJSB'W#"VN>5%VMX%"]DQB?8+H#76GO? M_N9H5>P2 V-3XZY$4U-%U[#H,^]TN M-. /4W(X ,S]\3UOV_!;15"$PYDI2B]'+9`&,)#U`5IXC=+=KW0&&7?U-7ECIJ M&,*]\\;0*>5!S@N/8+R4X[D4.Y#A?13,DQW+IL'*2M^)'46Q*FW03QV#*8KB M9W XO@J'0[P,>8,'20C'1("G,C [!4"I8 MX6?'`&M0K)W33V0WE3CAHATF.@+*9'\@.'.?/+7F'$T*'$$[!18*&PXPCCDJ MFJ*ML$]8-SHJCO 7V`$F89_54M'X!AF0UNE1 ^ET' 739;OEQ$M]S])J3PS6 MJ+="U>'/]",!%@GM![P%7.T2_0Y08H 9(`UL.@$DZVC9 0-I8"P58IE`B- M&1, 9)C].WH]8^7>AH)K$HWW(L(25#?,GP=.X`O\YG/23`H0RXQ1_) "0_$V$,8@ IKR]Q MG)%*&'@[`DOAE=^LH`'D[@PG7RE M8!9 M#2)A-OT$%I;/Y4O")0O(T`ZY?89@)UE/+-I+G37ZV ?EX>NQ,!]"U2 MD]HAH>U+V>`6!J+C29\5ZJ"NL^A*9;JAF%X/[#0=RT=R`%I\-W_%G:A]"JA- M0:"*HC/OS(,,-[-P]#Q\\ '>R0E! M?LB$K.CIC[:?ZJ9E_I=C#PWOHN4H=QY5LB!`=Q7H)(1CSON2S?!QU9+;:J_V MGAA#D%X(C0Y,?%S5 COC_3PWF(WHY^C@:T`LL[C*/!Y/FI@3L-: M4@A)]WQ1R#9X[$629^'CI&[8;`(28&LXX,PG9H; 5ZDB3P"W#H@SII@9QTF0[K!,,= M*>+93F#3:/G*B\ 6C3#0V M#8%Q>JOS.)$]AILS?`:(C"3PI@![$(CW+\[;[0B&*\@*_!,NM"6VE+!MQL`; MT3CO"@:.N@=GMEF2%/'`*`] TNB.=[$(*(0+8L-%;(G;TB> M/]NA'4[S' G>B5@P)>'GH6(*QJ_LPU1'-[B9CFD8^Z7+XUT MGMS%52S#!47&LVY&L03Y6NG&) `.Z&P'92?DM@? M,[-%NQN"\DUGU# !LX$HU"^>+(,$%:2%YRC8:>;UL0.NSUI^Z\GY'%- MDR-L)\1Q8Q2#4&6%7ME>#[!]50:NAU68Y&&9G$":Z9A-"F-;4%3JR6!Y!"8\ MB^7FI=AX]"-XT;CQM_#%`MKZ,QDHS,.O]#V+6'CN3T'.AN4`-Y9B9PJ9-4#7 MX=N=HK*^)UY# [N-V)2!DA]U\"6B? ^( M+%F4'--"_!$4;/(QSN:VFRH_$#V@#.&A*765W(\+7_P.["HO>):G]`B>`DS% MD;Y(5,SG@7V3 6SBX M4&'V5;?)ZI,(K% [;2NMCBXS^G0J M?S50HG-H1A'S%CUS%+E^FH>],TG15=3CL0S>P7\NH*Z_CYW]Q_3UR.3CSA3$ MA+C\7ELJETK'$'EYX&B@&S/YDDVYYD?'E-6>5.'R#H@29A[-QH$*8=^[LL*1 M=JC1?%02'"FG%BVF:>!@Q3]?>9W?K[J^.CL>/A5KKB]^$4?!25Z!%^:`)Q6+ M$)Y)R?"D817",\L*#].]+Z30H7#B\'H^#`CQR0N+@L:=W?R(D1@:HU\)1F#[ M+?I>-MV9!=?&X=MOCPG.1A@'3VE(!;FR^N?%'0!R.1Q.9A>Y$'EG08@$=OF1 MQZV4(;.3OW_S%IBXX>TM1*PKZ B]\$9;/=JKZO#YUD%B#(.F*"LMQO,J M: &->:F=/#*E%D@#SIMTY&\'>W^C@I=\7) M.)^4%^JY$%$V6YSGOB4UL;**]6$1R;)C4L9EF+,CGE0VG %%-V!_?.1%4@DQG `RR""=S*L"AS#3`J+;58*%J)UP`M85/J M- C3)ETT/!R=D MCR1^23*ZOIZ6)Y&B=[&6`)C%XKJ\Q5K:,U1'HWD98G/^@,]B%FL`>_"`I,PA MZ>1\H!*'2=V+-7$X'N83 L-^*HQ`4_'U`X,V]]''^).(J_ M9E+,FX:9WI1N/KN'.&5/BA[/O. ULH^K6]2!3FKX5F3SK`K]4C`25+#6Z!=KZ*-T%EH.DV7-&I6?XAG M;/H9;O6=CW8]F,X2'SN36+3.'K`W]QZPUP+FU'B"QV!Q73QS6J;W]]CF&$N$ M/%ZGM)-,ZE-K ]5F%)YP^ MERL"2'1 *->V!)[QM3)B/$40DG MHX7*617HA.13VL#_^LS'&W$\>PW\+R>[*#0Q&OA"S(JTH!E+TS:9V\5@,6_5 M4D1H9;:B319X,1"OZQ0)CV7D'V-.\\RQ/WEFH],YL_(=T ^/Q_/=:1]^ MX%R?^_5'23'^!T?YW:\?5$F[H928]*GH'="3;4_/CJC7>02CW]D\?D,QP>YF MDAW0C(])YP.]PG.*8U'QCW\/PD7OVKN5.8G8F_#I4U'[%`W;NSS+`_5T[S(M M11+N8U:[=QDA$E7(G:,S- .PD*BXIW`\C--QDD/EVZ",GI"U M:'4\:Y3KY^%L%K]::3%ZTU'D/D-=45[I.'_T#4G?JSCFG2VN"ER69A:)U*^H M47@F8F(/TI.,DVPL)M&W])F)@A(*"5(6K";C5M_M#;+%DP:?R9TFZSOR2:?% M9R>RUF?/BTDK7!?RE`279$NFI+/0'M*4O ?H$\Z#0(:C2]79$773 MQ -IV/BFI7H MK=CFR\"\1AF8QB 5:H^(R(N7[\$3=).U1JA+*!>LS=U59 MN[*+1[LD#?79OS(*1[,80/XQR_9,\LV3R)T8%7YE*XZ2RD+MSW_^$Z?IR==L M1:-',OG9U;6_IW*2:5^6NT)MXIN9,Z^]T%0HNPPP\59R6 ^D27Z>_'>;S%`U'KT>NK %?9QO]=AP]'K>=7N1\%'Y`29(85NJ_5*A?^7K =:_4 M/'W6#7,C; R\[[)@=%OJ M.XU=IY$K@76=,5B^Y&R_8]01Y$;Q+7HMQJYG7:?WBU@[7K\[U+_R%;C?KT12 M!4)-3+WV+K='KJ'(B96/VVXY=ITQ4/?.N,!T"X,FMJ8VVCCT!/.K9)$'@KX* MBO4BUB81ZXQ_*&)0TQ@(N=*MI4IB*%D%0GEG\X0A4VO52WS]: H9T^3%@8-6O9,Q/A3MSN>:CR>#TN%`"VHM:\,D#=BR.`?#P`MS-&]SE?6 MJ,^O7IL?I$.ORAW5JPRO[->[)W)9U8*W"FP*.JP@:F4M%#!'L!5K[WK4H"/: MW*/1?$-1Y*SE^HUXO8=[>FPK_^A,6V;?3H82[QU`=I*Q4;2WPA`SEB'/WH?> MQ4PR`_"M@`#^O0HBBTX$%PPA2V=MV$LJ7`CO#4+9>6![HJT4;2.8AK3"RF53 M\,\&O@K2QOW">>C_;7_\X51"\(L0E($RAEV[#KJ8TT,=I>_68\1,CRE@E7A= MBL\YF4HZ%;V3MA OUT9=U=PSV*QN)VP_"[@=A MMX.BW1N$+=9&T=('8:>@9X$10A7! HG8W I5FF2^LG877IEOSO43\8NWVZ'L7@ *N8%T_2RL_@:-*5]R7 MF$62YE]DM4EJL9HX#*315K`Z@@7L9=:)0*^6@JT0N;SC5QM!L&99_DK&SQ2P M6EOFH5G=_;C]4.8R1V;';^/TW*DM@3 W*TGW1YW3-)WG7=U1QD M/S+[%:4HZQB9_:KV/VM7YWYF=G ?*1V2$[!^7(5_=-1 M`+PB%"I.^$4(OU[P?OG'WRQZN9&D_=M'>4M6EDKNUS>JJLN2J>C:_?I!E316 MQTV?4'R?0,[>P:_??_GSGP3A'R'W[G0+\/]*9'VC`6E6=QHK8;K5=T";+=&H M\DSN6(7E)YV>/%20`5'X\I6L_WGQWC(8#-\FW\1O2+)O3_JW\; [=XAGHSIY M%K)/5@O/"O3,54357X@I2+)I288BJ8(*46/LHJ[NM%L;QO?.LNUKIC$&OHHZ M,;)8L^=,(1OJB3C35OI7">,TVQ9AATSN@Z'HA@"_/"LRK*D-LE+,7$:WX9O" M-2E 3/*UEC6"'/:#09DF[76:094&T_$5[ U.S8'QN*K`.%4# M0GP%>)XJ[LC2 EBM#!IFR:* M 4MHV\E;RFW^;]BI:I>$BLN,>^Z8E= !.(>0T1=$\@/_$12T# >4GY%2:^[^:5SZ9O]( 2MB'T3GLP]#_8.M@.M>_=2+OX28O'\IK3 MRANOC?;89)MNLX(F+6:K@6EJM8V'.#YI*U(MG9*QD7?@X>QTHS)\ `J2JEI,XNO$0\261Z25 MP2A.XS=FSM'QK/[V#$C"@/B54UH&M$SC'].,-,@KC#6RNB9-:SA5XF=\=ES\ M[]!]$VIV7O[GO?R'4"6^$*KC\G_CFR0FO-E(BA;?+MABCK_)Y_&K`+'3]"_> M#[=,XYPEUEXZ[/`HH%AZY%F>EI4CK%.!Q;RG?2 Q:,][=N+QPM.GT' SF^./)DIIEW^WT>L8?6O?$0Y8Z2RSHX MSG,T>7>/-*R@UNM$R!?]L(FVO:2?:-&^EUS7R;)2IV94>;+6=975WH^_T>!Q MZ=3:5P;!&S'$UW@`:%I'0,83XQ85@KB(WWS+ZXE]B9U)?Y1BTB;,JEM,6\"` M*LW=))MF=,C@/Y`&F/Q1 !&>Y-Y%@W>ZHCE?P)A*L \[?& MLV]CC$?-*:QQNA16\[UKE=;QS;2J:2A58-.)XUDK/>UL4O9I9SW[FQM:OYG$ M=X$6$US7ROUBHOC,)Y`V* J"_D32 MJGWT=9/D(2O%.L7^*BWZO,BFMQP+5_[1Z;-@WTY:"?8.(#O)V"C:6V&(N:^0 M9^]#[V*6A@'X5D``_UX%C46G\"VXACU]:W7+[ZU"W:7UBT2%O:$`2>&Y@KDE M@D&HI3(?;A>02"^2@;7ZBH97PGK]@`7\`^%EJ\A;;!UY)@8>@&#J`KM^91'\ MC,^23%-2-&Q/P>=M=$G%GPV 28^[LJ682#GD;5_I9U@[;A)K.6G(&.D[?(0%!MY:R&3 M+>HP`J]@P^M1"3TZAW__`_A%5XK,ZC"NA)N5PV_U,!`D8:\;3$BP7Q8"?[PC M5'C@Q9INXA,OP518\#AX02+^>BU]?'===3UQY]KR=`T??K_F''B2?GS@9+!; M_1ISOO1D5O486E=;H]SRN==,BX$VP4G7(6=J%Y!#GW6FNZ/^PXV+0V7N;7H 9AWR>4`L]KH>,M7C2E(66@123E'GIU_Y;3Z5V8^2ZXZN2M]_?R1@.I):E#2 M.M)M5^FQ-Z-YXJU>WY;/N-4-I=,J*7R=N)6D?:)::>])@I*DCIN^1Q./?I,T M/+583FX"VW@8;H(Y8@5C5Z51F'3ZH.;1JU?4C[I!`(2DKK7!&_351B-551V6 M2K$J#4F")H864*S2TX'+IEAMC4-5&K@GW9149ZNX"R)8Z5FCT[+K:SMGY\;S M^*ZD%I"LTE.`$XPVJ=32>2R;4SX[]F[R77 K`G8R9"9Y7UNM,^-UID; M;6-B0!Q5/:&M4D EECR;H4'=R8U*%J\A% %*GH)$6:3"XG:9'RG8N+@+%`=UP]$ MJ'PO?%B"J^RR*E7I86;#JF8*%7PP9-J^T:@&5& M#^E 6;AI*2J M^@L.` DR&V>K:.J0>-[\_")BXW-@*PI6AR[H@SK-UM79 9-XA5?BD4\H\A`Q!$S@(63*,PUHW \ ?6B7K%$ A]%4H83TSS^#1=./@#9^UE:!CEBFI:VGQPO*-.)@E\`.-C64Z ML(0%%DRF^;+=+0HG:]?XC\H/W&%GFLU4G1ZH27946)%GHNI[=C*AC$>`=5KO M1[-L0S@:(7)=T/I1QF%,C6!`RW3^3C,E;8/G#W9;J: F3JS1:+L_A494X&-4*=8CL>HV8PO3+YJ[8^8Y;WV(EV"%^(+??8;H?ROE/L MYYW9DK-/^Q6T[!ZB^6K7"%L^7+0X6]6WI! BUH)-R'94Z]2O7T6"MT7LK]*> MY%V9U]].EG6P @#,1ZWDD'>2521X4'O%=4R\=F%S M>J`LO1I16$] M)S[U\JC&OXED4.$#&-N5T(")TS:MIM.?_%;#>9B2FCH)ITQ'T 8;VND9)G&JU: M9M[>*]2V:A#?ND9-N!0VDJ()\(E**AFP?7M]C8FQ`E>]M81O% V3([8EE&5$E*Q!1E-XBL]6XQ=@N;6`B6_ M:NQFD;,I6Z9E']9K(K,4P0JW9I5G(E`B6P;;Z^T-=(,-='2G=.U"=;]G"7;! MU(6]9 D%IX08KY5="34.1,3)G2BA8FE+H MI-[7D.4L M=O++SK09LG/;EU"6!.+T:IZXV*B5^^ZU4WAR-8X_QJ4]HEI?V#@Y(ZJ=L73A ME96LE+*5V8R^AK(U]+H:%3DQHI:$V4DG2UO**,/LD3ALAD%Z2G2@[FNO!6M' M`-?75M;/K\G5+.\4ZNZK4U>#S(:D8I)ND+0O-=(G8_ID3'M3!=.K:>)CIUOI MJ&NG\.1J%$_A]HAJG7YR%EE>T1E+UR=C^F1,GXQYG ,GE6 M0-A)!\$@:Q7;O`S=8IVW@K3ZPZ(FGJY.KX(L]'W9GW(M=H)HJN&?D1-$66.: M\DSX'*\GZ T -4*Z!T.6N+ ES64-1[02:E;R$N^1`=7SK)SIKSW/RN19@AFSC7,7 8XLG MF^P-_5FA..51,H4U` `S5S8#8MG@,M,[R/8%B)(&DK0=5E,+2*:XCA`?987 M$HVLE:H/CJS2,"9(Q>9%KHW':8[CVX]?(UE&\366'; R['"T.U9 M,A3=HBQ@BZ_::J^]>"/.LQUF7*4WCC^[K G3:Z\55+C96W+FB\F$_?NQH.3HN/ MDEMFG9[`(,D&6269NM=F^Y./T;W]R 'S](?NG&+]"^R!^+8\W#:#N$- M#SSA@",9\_A*_^OX2T:%/"5!9T(" -9'("6K*JY+A MV%;^BNGD'.J90@QS"-=Y[%/.DDI[ZSS[K3EPS7'KXA6]M77,20'P:[4M-_R ]/28.;TIB76M'PE.TG!602] _/;&I X'>] M$1FXZG&_E0SCD"F.%WTGE8X:@L^-+%L[2Y6J3JGF2/7[9ZUZ1UTVQM1GEY*> M+MUU*IW2M CJ?K \&",4MF\?PYOXC/41[6! MV.ACNSB(XF!X'5_6'MPJJ58V$Q-R7ALAWTRG\:,V@A)9+1WC>U/;HS-U'`/# M09R.NF1[ZJ,CV)[DY^E$)Z%JTZ8V6*5)@H%?==.Q2U:I/E;/HD?=M"P2?23& MLR(30=H8).&$M/KCJ/@Q*V>%..7^9_66>A0_@OE ?R!LB]&;)YBG 8",F7/6H->@M'S+?;_X][_ MU\J`2>1@HK:Y?R)O-5W5-X?FN_L*[%5]R(V2IPW;Z.W%19;E9N +5,G_/)F8WW]7'KPWSE$PE%;L\] P/44J\["I(_%VF1A1O$Q:6]A2M:7 M^M@?O E9NT--1A]120:NSRG@^C :&55>)MLMJSZW)UJ;?:O:!Q MJSV91MH%SY*%?TQ\%DK:$TPB3T*Q3,OX_]G[LB;';:O1]U3E/Z#ZBZ_;56Q9 M%+6.8U?U;$E7/$MF>NS*TQ2:@B3&%"ESZ9[.K[\'H"A1$BGN`$CQP6.IQ>7@ M[#@;R#MXVMI??P)M@\V/^)G5JK^UG0\;0L\ZL9:_$NP2]_!PE5*'HL#G$&7O MB(=?8P]?!20.B+R]-OQ:[@R5Z:B2PS?4F&OR;3HC\!1+EA7.LJD)K DD6D0W`F!.^$MFKDYM\QQY+!Y#I#:'LPZQVGV4$ WMF:#_#8>OB/+ZL1]+%L`LWWR>`49TF)IR;QQ+U5\*( MI%1R_W+S*)4>CFLRI9([L)I'J?J+R052*KG/I'F$*C(GHC&$FE1;=2Z.4/ CZ3B+QQ]\#&.=[-M1O&\30KG&SM*P7J`^ ME9`8G;.)O8L)%\/`"T3)^1/'Q(+ZPZFHL+=&[N!&CW?QLKS"CP19MH<>"+&0 M0^:^3N;HX7DG^Z[_$-SBL)"PB^P%^EO22B:'6Z,PT(+F/D$^:#@'+5B4&=X8 M"?WMWN'V3EGFX,OFF$O2H^/%H]I)@?)_V/;\"18FPYG@PWXE1W7'Q;,+/$:N M-Q5[3"%'CY*AF+-;XJ@F>:)_KPW7 L0E11W?%Y;C[]] M=5YHS3;G)(K0K )L2)./TRS'P[05NUP2Y6":]`]"2@(G9Z68UA+-M#3I@,_$)[_UW>]7).] MFR@@UUJYD9D\8,P\)Z>1!,A>D-AF`HA3AM EW)!"JI8>*-JY^MG/#?.6+BE^. MLA_/ #J M2J1PPAB/Q=0P *1TL]0T ]U11>V_JDS]RN4'AD;9Z1A55>F6N'?4\XIM[\[.E0-B` W($0 M5^751;7!?PAV7/3&FI/YWIE+]^/J\G//DMP\[E/-BYV,/:M\^U2% &KL,*;5G!E>5:5.`'H85CKYFG8U@^38;9 MP3@8T&[H@?E+R`@N]/"WN.FV1U0NK+SB;MPII-QW%G_E0*Y7%K*K,=/4A+/; ME][GF,E&.?#*`\CTC=W!%BW. 565688A%TE; MA:)\V"YZ\?65QUJ5I^ V6[7I5G%);+:`XGE>009]PF)U '8 >I!+7.E0#4IB.)8X:J>FH,6GEHC M0WRWY6KCS;=-H"0 7%EP"T.F>CQT#F\BT75 &,^UL]7H,E5*-Q(F,AE$[\LX@6#?-@\ M,!"(')L5&1,&XKR;#$=CR(@P_D6//#V>0?HY+C)BC#M1>'I!@QJ*>SBK\J)% M85R5_7M0[1OXNSTW=/@`*AX\(?*-?DHOBNV*% O( MSX?\7',I54Z@*F$8@X^9*S?/%ELF56A^]!U]A5WRT8']R*T)E[(]1^%*S:_; M5WQ]Z;N&15PW,N7X]IOA?EWK?WS]%_;^]P_']C?OR/J!.%57=T[&6:0K=`5R M7*N.*GIP^1A.MC7&EY5D6G)"%=%H+X> ;JWB(\6+I85!RW7G]T[$?#94'0 M&+PFLFJ=>*U0Z_#P7U^QR?#>-I&ML-BRO4`Z=E?9SZ*)] )(Y[[ MQ/2!`;'AI_;P6CCTLAP_% =*IF3!0$^F]-Y';E8K60,N9ZMDU#VS3Q/HVBBM'F,7EU, M@4MF.+"KNWV9@DSBNMN]FC4//A#X#19 #=CA-4D8 .H&X@\**ZW)24;M>,#BWFFPAV'8 5;2NQ^C*( MR\2_4D$\;CRI.Q&LEBX?'?)HV+YK/G=2V'XIK#R-WHFCY`02+)3\,?B.8-=W M"#V=NJG($VBEJZ[BZ/2#Y`2Z./WPD35)-!5OXE3#]5N#=@QBF5SXD@72EUC9 ME8GY2E=VB5.0!Y5=Z`RONOZF#&3Y@%)C2!P!H)%$YL-)X@S%[?R_ONNMX_,A MB2JO$5CE0SJ!;BPC'9GS+.WDY.GR4%?UE7;R'%U?M+239Q/8>)Q^"GD I:GGC,/"6I>:3FJ=;&PW(#L5J@V?,64E>D=+CJU&D_?0Q( M/3JU`&)XJKI!>L>Q-'CA*133#'-C6JX7"A?>-U%!J$J_7ZPBM_4JXEHM-K.P M0=Z0Y,IH-BOFC[9(&95K"FFB1M)&Y X\]2W75RL:M[L]&#Y;>^E^)N:5BY>W^F_T@'1 *@RN8H*FV26ZS[OH:.^S%:Y?NDO=-Y'.*=H$[Y\C9VE8;U`?7J& M8 VLD=J_^1=:V`Z"#2]Z)MA!Q)K#->^PHZ^0IBJ(#JSJG7++P9=][UAT M^E1M([C^[6-8B&,^TRY02S>P>6?!&M;E!G&ECL^*G::UGYYU/%@KZ@SNG;\] M=@[EK:E_S^7YYGW93CF"JC_J=`H?^G`@394U % P0.90;6 MROT2>9AP:_KS"&$9E&87U_PXE4:KMPBG'9]V.,UM@=+L"G 20[);5$Y$TY51OVR4I#;0^*^QO%PTGXZCLO:!OG7.!V. MVJ)C:$V*8>GVFISFVHX'*=8)Q[7ZP_4@>99B^[AH,.4C)^+TW6#6=DV@] M@32RJ`PEO;UC:W(('BNQX+U7U=A*I1$:IH;8YA MS8GEO4`#6M8C7LI>&Z;O'0T1[3:TQ7W-WM$4R\;C4N#^JZ=.VX5+D7PY:%E` M5>!.H' T3C(%)5S MNH^;41;4;5JC"^#/N"5?A=4/Q$QNZNH'&KW6KGZ@ M*",MV?HT$ILBTPC*H'16L $X M.>/4EC5.1JW)JLE4/Z#] 2E=5+:Z9&L7DZT(R'YOUL40*\/EN&5\*5+&QU7M'"0V$Z\-5P\L!9GO M#87@#47>,(K\PU9XZX%T`9,49R+MT"!#/$M2M'6L5N4\%(%(*V]89G(8EGO; MPV99WM"`;'/;?S!)&G-(XK;D7X[TNYB.0D(K7C/$YSL*R;[CZBC4BGV @T[KP4$%!YURH]3N M?%#D$- ,8RV.GJ*R`989?]+6F-ZO'PONUA W5,K0?I*$BF0;C ' 034\T/KT"M!LQ-N>-U?%4C)`O M'0+:UB464XCTM/6@W`8>A )Y)&.O3[Y2)/ ,O$2#!7\"EOD. RW=3Z2^`\GL]PD216Z+AULLMY@PXGH5?9&'6\,>M;Q_X`M7'OA M/5%F7!%SSGZE[!#+02UCF=&ELLPLP:W/L`])= >6 Q;-NKS>^%U3E@`5X!B99F`3 \_^N[-$N/-B\_Z"JR(23XLMD?PFL\[+KVS@#W7#*![&NJX M!XJ]-&W]CU_^^A>$_G[ZB'#2YUO@F#??X&$6-E\!Q/8:O,5;:_ZK;2U_-1[) M_);J,_?E\S^(O73P!K03-F\=@MW#]R":AX8OG\CBYZO7?I"(_CK\JGZETO'U MWOZJ?=78E\'5+W1]T;6RZ`S2B4F'`NN`OI^O^E 'DNZO$ MB%:8)TF_A(:RTJ[)\*:*'C,[O202T\J07(HFA8XQ=>2P%@X"'@3^CE!=\3NV M.;[H2O9#I$>[A3\DJ8@L:B';P.>H/O@/P;"W>F-1*_T..V"X-54YE?"'/?EJ M3!->G: X?RL&8E2KUPZC MJ@Z4@1:C:G*P9(?++2[[`Z5_E,+*#&D#D#GC".)LIFC321* :%BI8SZP^K1EM^\-@EK,V5V%#MM)M*X*AU%4Q-QUC"= BUN4Q$Y:LRBD4G^N#@K)[/J570U/A:WVI\JD M'Q/7:T%XY*-#Z]*\9P5M3`POI/5"Y$_?V-`$F8(L`O]@#ST3["!BS4]QT$51 MNBA*%T7AXSB.$G50%T')@\=^3%*ABY[D!G$R3O1:&J:LNM!)*7E*%R?Y(P" ?`Q;`Y.+;RMNFHVJ3KW,UG2R,@GLK$=VKL2*>]]^;S]L9K2VZ-6 MZ*.OQ0IS]Z@\9)^V_3V74Y#W9:7+S+1IM$1V(BKT5[!$MB+;=BZXQM6G&PFI MPMU.9.-5A9L9]=55C:J74H3+!9T70#.>E;[MH=E4\N)AZ F?A5UX$K-,ZWE@MI]>^TWMMN)YC//BLO?ZS;?I!6^8)JQ\/P:T3 MIFLU>0ANQ\`-A54"88MK"PI.W)!`#!W:`3V/2B-;,?T/P1V/AEXT1\\SJ% T2'SJQLW\V@BV4,``F4^$%?&8[JSL;5@[5V$T:=*F.M[O*0 MEA"&IWH>J,I0J[MQIUY%/I)#D;,R#?2E][F'-BOLK+%.P,/6X6\5^=L5^2=\ MQ;X_4F:3<>U+;")N9F-%G::+GB2HX:F49IHR'E:/F=;XC*^PA>>X4S,1-:-H M?4&;; \(W.J56X^^\ZR$O4BO]_-52XU M1 +6OMT]9;0A:?^ M!K((S?ZT2X.71&3ZJ&BY.G/*KH:W^\AC>GP%"B+S.SHND&A"/0\N:+,RX)O" M/3L%GP ;MH0SJ\@_Z^+`A=`" K&YTB;!*D%> M5[A#)^7`CT&A@1\RFPWQ+@'M[JX^'YGIQHX$X0#BZ2QQ*G9-6:H&T("K2Z3, MINDU;2W7^7$!6,$:7\NG\>6/;O&-.B8?ZR$UREI.E0R'ULB(LG9'@C,T :^H[]\( \U.930LGY;BV$%1#DU9 M/9"%[1!D!!=Z^%OIX6:75HW&.?T]RU"!(&=)HL1U#0WC@7'I(=9=66KUJ^%; M@S$MG:^^W*+4UV3C$-T(HD'8`OC6]%SC_[$_G&)U!QW7 Y8#0>O M-4S!"AG=*/3P+4&=`!U>&IEA4T4?OR! +%-/,*R@.-A.>!QET>J!6P=GF@+@]4 MZ^9KTN6!Q!)@5']3:>-$@.LQNQ??1W%Q::#JP_JM0$MCCF;A.CA#]`DDPM5# MEP,J*E`B3Y&4^A5"8W`=463+`#7HN-4N`235[J%1X?\L-9?BP_\R]?2UC0&T M]/$Y4C)`FU4`UU*'F=!&P&HW'IS3/Y_) @\;I M]#[]0 MPP^7;Y]&!S &MZ-\2'.5GF!B^G-XWNWO'Y$9.>QO!2(-?P9F^EO2&HZ#;0@@-L/9 M\(EW#8X.,`WO4M#3RM!7Z(DX!'A5I[IM#O"%QZ[`*K:'C+D]E+2RR(*\%7L, M,3;>V54 SH%]]!+J"$T$=A$"W/,PFKA:7?Z8H]PW-\=_MTA'6& M11,_N3Y`]^#8/I@4A)?8L.`BC.:.OT1`/7\!E_H. Y'SS. MLY%NN^R=+@:9SR6QDHNO5D(A _4OZ*94D0R%P\*!^G MQ9T0(9WIOUW;ON51-C/`N8+'A7QP 8="#("WP,GR7--R1B)L B-T*WCEH-ARQ,H#VSB9Z#+7=!',8[`9\PMY*:N/@B\]"3 MI$_:)=$162PH.\'K;X%)3:0&[F3#B3]N`O%_/9FZ!L+M&H%6!OL!ML1[5M#& MQ+19!_B`YG\WE(3YJ1/=]Z'HE[__Z+LW2XPW+S[K*W!13/)AL6T0^D0V5$=9 MRSL+V''-5-7+Y^V/]T#=EZ:M__'+7_^"T-]C'D+]K`>JME[9:^KPL?L_$ _JI]U=B7P=4O=(W1];(=,-*):;H;K,.B?K[J7VWCO?1C-'( U.^`'A U)V5&T656\?P?5?QE2E=31M+$W_X5#3^YKZ M26]A[U4U; 1I*-1"B]W="^@YVO0O;/"[2EL.\@WG6P\!`[+-KPRQQZ. MZ>`UCM!5/!(N#X\P/R>F'N^8-2I;:SV9'Q$O$4BUW[#I$_01&);1CZO6YK_: M][;U"&XVF2OH'7;T%=+8-B_NL*)$MHW/J_),$:8GU2^NM9 [/$ )O3#.GDKEL!0Q/\ESS.H>(QV+J MG_\O4JGW>\-$%=->>-,6$2^SS=.!.QZ)_U!HFZK&%VICD^CR!'7W)5/9[T MIIW/T_D\G FEHY56=9^M'7Z:\*7CN$W;FTI6,CL:UU7K*]9CR M;EB(JGJK388`._`#)2;\.!9EA?Y#L..B-Q;MPMF9H70+Q--&[^AABJ@L>VV; M)D61L:\PXUE*UO;*I[H=GLM#9Y[H6H?.5'1F2-!6:')X^&)L8@]:8(-!Z;/N M8U8GZZ+';$$!^7UC\1[O,//\J8.Y3\/$$7T=@H\0G#DO*_,8&?%X3#ZCII%Z M38]LSUA3N8(LPGH80; 'F(R;/!M982P/??K\!6$:`7#AC_0D.X]-.5A:M+N]8[:.V0HRV\8A-Q[^ MUKEF54P'S>`Z=+Y9*0QG'W_=.6?GBX-:XISMNLQQT)A,NS,-F\V0>68A2!O^ MOAT-1&TH]=PZ:]E(:UET;#%7?C1 U0/?,%E*;#WO-A0W__:&++??G\ MYAMQ=,,E'P$0\@E;2RD2R%G2L?UJKLGPJEDEEU0$C*IEN$:5..-=9AQ*7\R] M)4">\4A: E!#L)\-S#E+%F@O%WWP/=?#UAQ4RZF^KBT'&4I?)E0?.*OC M?,[J,0>.HLC71"-_:S68_4M%?J MGIR1A:K;2A5 (!O`D6=\C/KQ..W%G:.4>T->.Z"9&\02;+K4 M%.?:?3'NC6H\,T-*?(NSG%3I%^L>[4Q_>TS_V 7>> M!GDXZLW:99`K(P/7:4'CGI8XR;^SDC7HQ\S#N#LKV5(K.9[VM/2IS^*M9",V MR/4?O2;22HZU7K^PL\+32M9_,(9(*SE6>X,:#]657SUR%6FJ'Z>=E920#7A: MG^FP-ZSAX))NUYDB?*VVIU.PIYD'T%:24JY]29GC+8VTO)-A;Y3H*^>SO#*6 M8,7;J(:_@P.J>%=3U:^8JE=*;:1[KJ$6S=#?-9@C[E3)V-X;?"PYBJK\M*B 0 M-**%J^L3:TU7Y3UQUJUM5A4G][_1@T(3\,EB3:Z_*0-1/L4 3]/4&)X M+/+ZZKU:_I2/#,]2]B>$HT$_KLTHS5 5@9]=&PWQL5LQ6Y!E97=)P;IT`W#\2'D:0:SE\3*'W7F0=%E*Q[$.3N M7H!&T+2>5JS]HMT:09:=B!I3&BKS3J3^TF.)75")Y7RH]@:9:=/M1)J^$YDE MZO2&.4[-V8K4WV/>*L=C/.G-TMW'RW,\NJU(L:U(W S'.,0!.Y$R@VED(,-Q$OA8)PHAPWSF[J=2$O] MCJG6TXHU8+?;[^AV(I55\'0[D49IA.'@S*B@"]8(TNQ$8D1,XIU(Y@J@;B?" M5 H0_HQ., FSS"SM]/T;='TB8G%?*JYN@8_ MODI\=Q!SNMO 'H898C M?(*/X5PQ]NUH;-8FA&R-G:5AO4!]ZES$X&H3>Q>3'X:-%X@B_"<>&%!#1_;4 MDSY^:]Z_5TZG^Q5!EK]^(`X]EMT.IJ6=;@D\_` HL(7@%V.- M/7:B^^Z6A>TLB.'Y#G%[IRR0_$4^`@Z:0D`C''9`W1H?OKM(QZ;NFYBY!R[R MX**YL5@0AU@Z00_$>R+$8G_>P#/M^0T!'P)$[`_BH0UMKJ8DI3_3@7K8>OX> MGFBOU[8%\-/!>=3EH#]OW0ZRO^G*L&[@EQNXECQ?A1R5GQ.BRJ#HP,'4`8#I M`P4_XN NZZ^#OU4X7+#DM,#M`-2R\_DR7))EZ&"6 MQV08!1CSF`J"+EP&T@ZGT2C26%1LG4T10&_`G9SO]PBG\G 7L**H3G17J$A[>U9O0JPW ;3!L3), M\"8:$%T L3H '_Y^/'7-^_>O+^__?0? M].K#^\\??KU[?7O_YC5Z>_?^]OVKN]M?T>=[^`.]!GU^] W[U^C?7VY_O7O[G[OW_T"WKUY]^/+^_O.YH&EZOEHP5M[:#LO1 MQF9]6&58T.#-DKDT1(RB`^+/#IL^6'OL06?[5.5Q%C-JV2.6/"R$F6116'FJ M9D(EI3;NP7DNKNM:*8#(E#W,\-Q\OF6$(P\L11Y0CC(DN9@J][W9#5\)`/._ M9!3-?6NQ;^2O'&_G N,RUM;+OW-?6WC^#4)8OYJ M[#7L`?2\>JR3]0;(.G]>>HE-3*M#L<>5E^1!P"O8I"]9T3-?!$BC300AH!6X M>^O8ZZ9@+4$'MU;E=-:@`&G(TK#H(:_(7ERJ/;!=SZ71L0LU!Q^\%7&:HM/D M0=NM:=I/5*TU!772F(,WUKQN;9//%&2-^*"#/EU590,0SMH1$5M%5W Z$E,NPIQS77#]7":5%3I&J,/8BA@EB M*V=*[5'R19.BSEGA.)3\KRQ\)_\;FP3KK/8W5BO@6>6Z?'3&I9-JT-SV'[R% M;YX*=`MDJA/CML`JFQC'C: XI$SD$U`9(;#1AJ$1W$P%D%C!1JS0_\VHC),;]`4C ]DU%&E4CN\6:C*$ QLY(DQF M;T!&A+6;)M?IPU*JP9@ 4M+_ M>L2-`YK@Z4FUF#I83:!3F7RT%P]=4VW82I(*ECSCU9N8A^Y2WVV!5;;4M_"X M=%?!THE&\V"538R["I;+*+Q0M2*)3.E"`Q(@ U,A=2XC%*ST8T(-(@`2+3>V`;A$=Q,!9!8U ,!XFLR]W5ZVKK[H@`Z(R3/ZI @O2[8W@>L9"]6)03)#DV]C& K!7-!X3*=V9P!3,O7+(W/#(''DVLH-"M:QU[V7V M-5F=T%*[Q&[DRJ75JW3SJ>1[A4")%$F3SO*D$.?>]G!ZN^3%EWD(M&?=,2S2 M+J9E]5[=4!1Y%],VK78AM4L1_R/X&):N[,I5Z!?$?CLN2`G?]HYX^#7V\%7T M]Z!"9;LFMOP7:-RGM2Y(]QW7=EZ@%;:HRY2MBJ6@5Q0BM\3XTS*//\)[%I 2N[" Q=+Q!]UT\\ MMR8_H#AO@/[VT3'6V('7@3' \#!WA+B M[4+MO5/J''R)N&I;#/W]1]^]66*\>?%97X')-LF'Q6_8]-D;;ZWYOWW`UN(9 MW*W;[3M>&ZYNVJ[OD'M`YDO3UO_XY:]_0>CONP>1Y1H6\(EL;,>#&V-N0#I` M!5\^D H?.I9U4!`:-$ M"]AGA\2#2FOA`.3@[H \F75) M>^V0]1,/8OU.J/P"UR/;=Y"]( +^U1.X6E2_0._U? M@$9PGT&H/,=X\.GST6?;](,74>]Z=\T]T5>6;=K+Y_T5/72_(FB!= #``@UD6.AI9>@K^ATO";T0D4>F M.@!=]$*`'UZP9GH*F(#^Z96]WF#K&>1__0` QNC$=C M#LH'/6QY!Y2 >B#P8`H08(FXL,1O&V*YA-UCK^'M^!L)\`X_^Z:WU=)S4'I` M2,/R89%[3HA1T"W@>\I2"0RYQ3W%1_`S/))XP#=`68HTP/+&,8B'G6 C'!X)]#S@+`[7@J73W M2=G0L?WERO8]]!ZX>H5NUP"_CJD8&'OHL.G:]"9@.7B-NR&Z` ".CRJ8P!=SFP(I )OO MN2`1-&;"+@H\""#DHZ$3]P@56U$'9"=Z*T>!K^_VP@$ZX3V>.[:"/O=N>Z!: MT*O>;SUT? O4#P&+M9-PDF(G YVG$(5%#SP'?EFZ'9[!2=.2^_%AIC& M(_`08N7;("DNN0&OF>PX1D$;8"1Z*65\) '`)=M$3L#3]/_"910+%_)S&:5$]ZY`U M2`]]J!=>',`UCUSNV5L!9T)M.TML&?_#.SMV+,`[UJ7J_R-^AE 8GB'6(N`B7?^.+!5[*9`!=`E1AX'DKQT\'IKL+?K_!X0[KM`%N+LC'*4 M,)O5LVL`]>GK5G!5J`RI3J"**%`B4;W"E`9%U=9N'6A)A ;*EKIO?%#A!%N(;0^ "1CV0$E3]CDKPY0& MX4X.\`@J;: 1%A_)YD4EWLQ?78]L@X0##2 *'?95@N\(W)_!Y8Q=EW'DC][D7'3]S=M A3F"'=&[3/9Y%W M!DN[GY@LF/`TR\V(G;UJ\P[E-=0B&'[=Z3IP' B5[0!' M4/=EIXFWOO4I6^VO7?B6OM_J`/W_2ZB?1[\$FY?`!P?IT@GL8D#8J,/H/=^L MB$EE[Q' NG\O):]IVCK>5C+29\9L)+:_`+J9YE]A^@\!%C88A^F@ M#1\(\+4#P`%[82_P:-BF:GOO]EGMI.V;Q8(Y!03=@I"9*#BD`/Y]`GT'JW9@ M(?\##( UUZ9[80>0K?E #`)P@7`V@E'M65P$QP@>4NB./` M8G=K2-DJ1=>#2#PF=^$5\!`W#MVNL(?1Q>$U#;N%0#'6!L5#][G,7)FVM;RA M3N4\!)3=%'Q `; MJ#4;=B,4EL1M./-H`#=/8$@L&TC$G"LS\J@0$UMUC&SG=%^.XRC"GG`J4@\. M^K&0>$6RVHV)]LFI$=Z&^Y(#6:>>)"/J5O0BL: 56;U-O&!G4C@`'TWFI PXZ3)&T M[>^1M$QZ+4;>E^6HK#UL=0ZS2]K!R4`342%Q>G*/>WQTS[EX>%DTL%1:]7,^ MRL$Q''VW>YA1B@!W(..&GHL$UW 95''$E#L9_%%?&9/O)L\(R/74-2PD M?J5 M!*S3.MY8+:?7OL5*""N P#:1!F-TJ?UE*5!XP1ARI,&`V60X>B9B]7)G[$9Y'=VU1/?(YJ^7=F^6^DY M6OP"0`(E?M!7AJ.R!RN(P5J[":-.E7&&8_)DQ!IWPO!4SP-5&6IE.V>XA_@/ M%/E(#D7.9GV@+[W/O A5"&IQZG`:'1 M9-H832Y>7\?T;_+=SC6I_J-)L':U*F?SHA QW +Q47X'4`F4RFJ2'5"Y6E?QS.\2D MD7M(D5OO+GPJ)572 $I$'X_L;T)E3=C6\W4=EHI7E];A%5:T@,K^C MXX("_NI`Z6>H)I23"]JL#/BF ;*ZT2;!*D- R`P*4F\D@E``-4ZJ_&IZQ#$Z[T1TR M-SQV$&2;Y;LQ5>`=5D1KH@Q5S"WWN>Z.SA5O9-1!I#,Q&/&*U,CA=G3T/Z(_ MMYK[CO[RA02OU6EZ5JX%Y&^ 9:A`D+,D4>*ZAH;QP+CT$.NN++7ZU?"MP9B6SE=? M;E'JZW-G=9]B=0 @O.5XA EJBRX+ MU&P.&&:8?BLG![19"?"T= 6,:CP1` M=5WBQ33S"LH#C83G@ ZA4>'_+#67XL/_,O7TM8T!M/3Q.5(R0)M5`-=2AYG01L!J-QZ !J=4I&"G: M1-`AZQT-0L] +4PU&&K+:,2&L]7?K= MP'[IHJ]:!;-)N@#L\A*&PT^568;\B2198L[) L%ZM-=2\RS-[%W,2O*`'R! M*(`_\ C?$ASE9Y@8OIS>-[M M[Q^1&3GL;P4B#7\&9OI;TAJ.@VT((#;#V?")=PV.#C`-[U+0T\K05^B).`1X M5:>Z;0[PA<>NP"JVAXRY/92TLLB"O!5[##$VWME5'(V$VBUB)UWLZ!??02Z@ MA-!'81`MSS,)JX6EW^F*/ *'>OB#EGOU+^BF5)$,A -A:&N"OA;.8-KX#!'=#JED6"?3(D^&M@OM @RUW01S&.P&?,+>2FKCX(O/0DZ1/VB71$5DL*#O!ZV^!24VD!NYD MPXD_;@+Q?SV9N@;"[1J!5@;[`;;$>U;0QL2T60?X@.9_-Y2$^:D3M^_;?CWR MM\._PN GA&2V(O';P! #=;#Z/U_UK[8Q9/HQ&HV.1)_#H/$DV,"CN-#`]AHM M_1)UD'Y-AC=5])C9Z2616$31^J()AV"75LL[=$(MZL%*0,HIO\"/H]W"'\H( M3/X.P/\0[+CHC44]P7 +>:8^576@#+1BPS-YDKX1N.P/E'Z&U&LL MI`U`YHPCB+.9HDT3I^PW3&_=!9%-&@FKOWJJ'D=>J%AQZ#CEL SZE5T-3X6M]J?*I)_8E=;H\,C' UT51NBA*%T41Y6R/BG7& MRJ7Y) ?+9]A%E'GSD MW]2YOS7K)^X.:MAH1BO>]VT7D O&@M856W-TYSJ8F#WT M.P%^ SQW[!PK)._+-T.T>K-K;-WH& M1 4-(/L'GV:2'S`^L/H -^C]S5MOK9M/5@P3&UXR V"OEP#2'[_\]2\(_7U_ M@VG"=6^"!D%*-,J'G\CBYZO7?D"PK\.OZM=!OS_[>F]_U;YJ](O:OT(^T(U= M2`FH#J[0G.A`?!-X[F9\] P'*24!U5B+%; MQ\'6DG7#OGS>7_(1/],_W3YA9T[EEZJ]MXZ]?H>=/XCWT3%T\F&Q`*4,XDW[ MB;(O[^L6GJ^?]169^R8\IS!D[)_[YPVYM>8?05^_QVMR^\UPOZ[U/[Z^66], M^YF0SQXHG(_;9CIZU3NR?J"5IH=H'D;1/+CZI=]31VD(K@9Y]9(I7'EKR32M MD4Q1Y%5$IC?,&[BS7,_QZ1]=-J7O?H6M#QMFJ?\!C_# SW9D/^)$Y%=@-Y MH#'*^I@'QI/>M..!:GB@* F@]Y$O6`>>&^SV!N9O_ ET.V M?*Y-8\S>L2\S&O8F?.DIGQM3@M0RF\J3[>NL-^#BMK:4U!*;UQ.IGO0FLX[4 MA4DML4D^"4B,>BJ7@(1\I/Z-@=/J_([*S^$ZQ*9\-&Q,R+"C8?-#?A=.0U8= MWJYD3DQ%FRB:'F)7=@HW1N^>4'C(,:;;:`HW12N?4OBB9?@RL_"C?F\XX$]P M27 =P,AJQ!%5G 2&K$^&^\=;AQ#6F`_;C\J%L%]%!"4KY!(A*K RG;8F9ZGE2$CKD$RVL[[D3@Q\1'>Z IE;2 EH5Q?A%X)8392 Z,J M,DNY@9806:D6:EQ1H5D;D)5JFZ;@`=4F:I(@JSF%UJG^_C'YU$%O5&$81,P` MHW:-*\M/PVE/JR(3WC8:RKSO/J;AH-_3JDBHRD###[[G>MB:&];R*$IBS'^^ MNO/(^J:O3L"RG!FHDAJGT*KK]4H#6P1V1F>PDV$TO#:K/.0O%7JFY]"3/J!^ M,)ZU&3U3]1QZTL?D#P:5AVWYHR=]5F'J/K).)JDC;99C]>D1E0KS^?*M/C62 MTF;2IP90*L\`\%M\L6WNJ2XXB5K/>H-I+0CAM\ YPT\ZU)50L$'C_*TUW_6P MV?1/D=JXV^72(4OLD3.;UW.!H2QGO`TKSP477A=O]&8D>X4-JA56 E([(5%[[6'A=O-&[W _>OZ69RNE%$.WL9BHJ!+- ] &30NQ]MT]"?\^CP7_Z?Z?TT-Q[_W]+["44^__4O?_T+_;I!KO=LDI^OZ`-O ML&DLK1?()`OOIRMZ&;W$"#\LX+7AY?3SS0*O#?/Y!;HWUL1]3YX^V6ML??Q\ M 16'P?R V_0IN61/L^@YC-/CLK>QY#]VO2/)C MR3?ZF2@,``^NW-@.^\%>L*^8\J8+'[&'#'BQZ0'W>\1\9G=2`XP\&]&3$Q3Z MNT-T>VFQ)F]X!@;L.9B:XQO3L!B, ``> "NT=/` &%5.MX85$:W M%#VY]P&;;)7NBA"X?_MX%U0L@N5;0&D`0L?NZA#:#388X]B^@\A6!;N]4UG *H@5+>M^1_L>;$B52[L $,:N,!.`+Y]/0=P90/;M+=`A6^7>9-@;'5=?"D);1\`]`3]8)!O]M'%O M=%QYV=%/./WN5P[)2,&Q>MH>UU%0/`6?[(SGU(U[VG'1B#ST*X:>4TA^M9^( M$WPRUH97:.LGA\4;3WM::EE&-5BZ8'ID-F"#24]+;5?KR,'/'M$C5E-#ZQU! MN)D7- ")":27:_`"F?LMZD ?:(ZU3K]5,;1 .PE4$F4>]62?!)Y`5:ID4;7V/B_7KRDT7QUY' MTGSV-G>K=T=1.2AZQL+F;J3N:"H)39-LZC%%A?E+I=KE"P+U9;.1.MV>8[,Z M[`WK*G\XPM(%TR/SWI*6/Z1.%NW(P7$KF&5 _.D;WC,%TK9HI\I!JSW\>0U04P`SQNU'\1'B*'S\P+]W6-?6 M D MFA4,:B?`)#YU*`;\0@30\DN`L=G003O6_)_PN\EV'*X7=./=PTI>FO!ZGBW+ M&;N'(Y]$-#F'>&/MHR'F$$6=*[Q]V;!TTY\3UKJL4XAH4^ Q0011X7OI&'-: M6ITT G1P$:;-!>K0^D`5C8>C8\EZMJ,MV9WVQ]KW#]_C;2V*1 MA>&Y=^XGT`ZVA1_,YX^VZQIT`-R:-JU_6`2W.',RWUY=;NR7=EK;6`^81[BP M%Q[EV7O[)?ELF_-?"76(/S@?O!5QGL#%?8>=/PA@]3*&*KR*M'R'J$'_)&;0 ME_\9FR1!Z03:J':U\YH\$M/>L!D'@ @M=T[@)] M!UZ`S`:/I7K^X+E+8%\'GHB#T[C9([?#(%C;_ NO40A?QP M+L!VS`'0!"XR#6H`%A0 &/0X6ON?#[SY`X;(I'/`W!YC+\H$K+ '9`!1,PU&[/F9NT:#V+N4 '2\1 K`] !$]^@?XO\'>0NOF&F+P`3^Y7&+Z"SBX!O["&EU#4 M ^',W]3/J9.;+0Z?:H;-*=/;3T5FA M;>;B-+)H@QOU"T_7F.C.B('Y;UDAC/*.0_>8_&` S0)TCTYR(Z M*OA(DRR[;]L,3/1S4DE)OI*!HWH#6F:U@KN(XP9U67G.0#TIFQBKL]-BLI-7 ME`$A9SG9[3Y[R/!!+W/("G81QB.YLW1[G5`[?K*T&W5R6J@H=&F[Q.!'T/UW MUK96(N-RAL.8JD61RTFM6SQ=@E3P,_;:TR0?-6Y."QA%KN43H74I9/X&.[2 6'VD`0ID2GM;IN M^1=62HN.-*U6Q[KZ%B;.6C0O_*6TJ"J7S!14HM/PU&Y9UE%(B8Z'DWI7D=X' M,9YJI^VIE8(@3(F>GNLN=%WE=.AH(A>99-.A>>$OI4/E6DI!%3H;QC2FBUQ' M(14Z'?0KH,9[VR.O#5 OW>1?=#C3%4:@$(I;[BTK69M>![KY"'H$5B$ MMO1L''MCN\"`\(FXQ-J>2NM&\,HZ5^`!]!A0S]S^SMY/_O2Q:3[3SA5X/P)V M,>;$FKN4JTVX8(X>GH\@?&EC9TX!?VTX1/=L>/PUO>**_7#U0]D6%SEI=F>A MVXUCF-O6);I@0)WC$ )S "OB5VI')(8T;`'M`U?,P3@2>? M@6H:`U4`#O`354+*N;N/4GLG=ZOG^[CZO>'T_`/ZP4G!6]:%IWF&;FSH0 M;EMX]KOF )+`60+$`CA4 M/.VT,HC'V?/>L^=QK?UO\$@?:)ARPRX=9YZ..1;)L%Q&LBJ[\A5IQ9P8E)R] MC=??A530(=,&J82):C,.WIKN.&\ENVP$ +DH MLTLG3H?9K&/^]K1V;6,+(590F39! QZRZ=-KVFJ ^PG_EY[-X4]4M>%?R0#C/WZ5T0NZ): M W5EG$'%#';1DD_S1=MY\1+1:*-R[[Z8 MB*GA#W;HTK1"-F/ORZQJ,Z]?3(WJCK=O8A(2A+N`+T]\-:1W?+O'&S141>92 MX\T$V`-IF73"VT*)5ZWI+9/U6\9#=OI3*5L9XOD%RB0RV+I.=5S[L[24GTH- M5O30RHJ%"YZIN3U[KDZE:E12QGM]8'QNL^)?MV*I=8D!DKW@'>,9SFX]7E%Z M"W(SMI@?O&-;ON/OML],T9,PI<>898SN+\/S3L`-U:&*B0JU)#@IU4E,Z10J M)Y4X0-.5U>KLH[$FJO?3@OW4O^E4HYQ#_I9M #9O2,EJ^EKW3"QS^&2OV:):XCM'4F9V8HGOP(FLC92>Q'FL%M]> M:O2S0W=Q90O!MDOVH#6Y(S"FJ#U'P8Q#5^2:S0M5C$[@*Y.@ J MR`7UW>"^U#]E.Z;::J-D-QIDWY$&Q5H!`"C[Z*XP&]3@R,G81NM:G]-79TZW MNM5S7MT26MR9*8*L'6(:[!!E.Z6;TXM^8P#?OO1Y.B%?FM 'X4"KW^+'K&1KE)BI(PI/P(D:8=4V/[LT@* MX!D[KG]WW=#;OJ%`MXF&X#+W*=CVJ3&0D]%JGW2" .PC@3L;O /U]H->UM)&O[T)A$G,H),(KV(P7+/EM!FQ$,A`@>B(57E MYR8F)572!NABB@/OM1T'O$UZA=E3)-K'N9TG=E6R#[HSBS1?H;G/N0#^WN;I M)`YU']C.XVAC>=+ %M$X M]D2^3XZ WZ[9 ` B4C6EU[BL M9E[*\I88HNRR03XH*98.6"ZI*KG4;CF) A`8M5*=1I$F%SM[:7;'V"8 TN(6ZZ2W=(N85E`S^*@$LYI\M$!RHHXGX:B9!E-HL>?5 M[7^)*'GC_)O]C_(1"Q')L`P44*C7Q_`3^#"_;.H2GU;E!5&UW,`IZEBYFWF; M327 1+&HRNJ%_S8):-.I&++LIV%:CI([[ .S>L M`DS_5)>S5GT#--Z@;3>N8TV\WF5!&;!EE[ZJMNPZWJ7[JD6_8?%1U9"-V^3Z M/!8Y=,,^#&L\L9/?58L^?AB6=U*#OQ:M@]6LC2VGLK;C[:>OC!9-F@ ,S\Z6(M&=-'K[ \].WX4S8T;;'M4;EC>ONOB3D M>&EAVEMZ+0A1T\\8=689H$,_1L3TTB>=$=/LQ3\[O)R)+(D?W^U$Y T[??[6Q_)VB&7,V1[4(_.S#^:N2>Z.%JFCUD]:OY/UY9#G*KRE@/6;75 M+G*8QEW6J'ZJ0=HR\1FCZ*08A7$6O-,UP&'.FX %^H-OW-O"&%7^5Z!U>$-9^I M^?ABO`6/O1,%1G(J6K"0#)5NO['J1"#Q_>'`'4$+3;S@KCZHH0.#LJ>!=Q+G M\AQ7?@IKDM6J.>8SUHJ[.H-+8`;I-/".Z^7-SGCI)S&G!83E3U[Q^[1IQ$W1 M_>`F'6-U5"9GOYEZ"^NV+$\2)$`#4*B#?%Z!?%XS=#?EJ"/A"U2&2[UB%P79 MMLX?O]U$X5O[B3_:AEY(EL[66:Z=_6\KIP0)[&:#G)'3R,9^X`^W=5"L8T9@ M\+57=4PN;$= CVE,'FBV.&L+A9>VWS!1P46N?4#,]X&8%\+I! M.T'0C+8:TIB>7V>5Q>>2=IQJUI"`?Q`3(YD=+Q\N[U&\EDY:HP5@!^M+;B/Z M[X1[0P_ RKNJ5@?[%8K76KE632Q6UNY@I%Y:'=?=: J5;V M64M[:&6\HC6!(\I/]BNN_L(;_E$^ L=E MG6AM_DP4TQV[SC8M439%]O'>=>[S@9C9`-U'3MBKK=B\4$&DP[7.]0HAXT#; MV&Z8M6=/1VTRJJZS,;B;#;O-=R@#*7ZD-)NUN_^`8X?A$Z=V=HG#>L 3;71@\E"2!/T_, MQL^+MWBBX8GDZ?FR^>&L-6ZNC7A_S!)J/A*];/Z8M5]D2[RBS*41+3 QM0K7^SQ#J?F`5>),9P0V@2=#Q"41)P2 MO,^-'8JN=9'M4 8)MI-6$:TE4]7[$OE;`@\[Z>K? >UPH4=[> +A5N;PDT=OX.?&*V`"2:3ZCG('R?\L$>0+F%2NT$ M+0C\LO`%NNC]:@/5O,,I33GD[XE/-5._[#)JM[FANO`W0^V%K,`0\H,/W>4M MM^[O-FF%PB?[\\M`-/]E1M*EBKSGM/?C0 LP.`[&][ES`GN_'0WR[8$64/3B,]=N*5WKB\"BLS%WXD3[CJ.#S`K MP] (&:OUTL3ZPX.X\(\W@>HK[' 9AIQY1RF(;X!N?;";FBR2$;0RJ1 MHZ7%N-`_(UI:S+A]YBKD`^73\[[HD+T`A]5/6L:`\7@'V7,FP**?7'XA0%\" M-,6BSH4`9Z:!NSAQ^4$T5\'/F?_,X_U.O[@K7]"2H:6GN7ZF7ER9/_.\G;5^ M&[XOKD)O7^T+_J?E_S,FP#-0LVENW"XJ$N7LW ,:[H(# M!S7Y7V!5\\EN4M!T;&.`QS:CR@=/0([3[+ZC_(XQ&V12-:YRX@=:A?^%_,T( M4SG@:#R$/6^:M-A9/`.)5&-\-`6)C-.FL-"TC*5E\LKY$%[E'*3I97*^&LM, MGI0Z 1Z\86%'L M.B_YV\.GMMV/S%J#>0G0:E97=&MJ?'Y_;%9$>:5(Z\6H7 A&ZT=D64JN6":QW_6BVCQ MM?GD(9"5MF8W6=WY35HZ_#*(XO O3/7%3A-B[^-B/7,ZL* `D&-0 MVBG;3&>H_-(W)?;YXVJT\_J'^B!PC'S>;2T&M-U;N#D&.+ MJ\RWE'DA? FXW`8$M4"KZ+L\`=0*.O)VA[H:163>XD]Y#!%D5'UU?)"E M41N`"'RF)RPM&))MJ4>"I84.,6N.[T"P'.>>>;W]=!]87E&'LQZ-/HC^+\R7 M_SD,MN]YAGW:(IC=^[[(`54YRJHFN2H@''?-7?75HB;W9[CFCMK.PD;GCV5" MXJ]N?,_N+[M5\AVL4B9OJT]/`W4B+)S(]L\,"5VM_O1(>.,WO?IEFLP_K+9O MK04ZPCCVNKNR?MW3.]-U=^3V^E20R= >O]A/LG&LN:LN M;ZO,AUASVC?WG5\ `^\$Z*D*ZR_)Q1T57$V^ZR!\?(IWL[_C5(O/6; M[ ;#67?>^!B]X$W.^TC].:RK9T^`L7!2OC27T>QZ!C;B2RU5J39WX.V MX]UO7:BP7>%>RDDU`S`MTR@P5,\=Z0S2R;#\D#?8Y @_XK?T'U6C!`Z)#?10EVW3`>GJ; M+;@HZ[Z]"T+115HD-$2-/7P;P1)O=D3W9U]T@? ^P*GI] ME4_8*LYSZM_XZ>GP*\6ASEOG#QI%[-[(M=_;CKMQG??QD]!.=-TV2:6F);LN M\QB2HAM_S3-GP@ 4^5T_!^&K(+F--XEWDTZF:(V`^7@8*,^,R6QUT>O\@\Q; MR-;0A)/J%I!1L]T[^_F?@9_]XP-UJ/O`':'V=!L/`56Z+:5T&T]PZX.X1UF^ MI73Y*N6XGMTY"D(6,H0 92NHUH@&O''Z,L?Z9T M^2KE>"+%9LH0TB(@8&"PQ\:$ %S?T7B=)794"D4MGHH1 M7UW/!4@M(_P,5C6>C#QOO*B4CO/@HZZY#AW](A2K&D\Z_@S842@C9L?=LDI\ MI03.X*UZH?-EG_HB=59R#T#%2[2Z+''$;<>I_#`DKA9#XDJA,&'DLWF?VC=( M7:!:H;P8 _)!K(UW6AGFK,R22 M]"&1I%!X1L3:J[(W;#6**,=45_]M5BO-:PO4B4L9UC$K/]22GJ.OOT)* ]X)K 5WR:S]VXZ?T?]_:G]UMLN6- M7%]_W@51$M*C37U)QAL-;W5I]-/32UY)Q\NE!*CO-J*J*2J8BCU@^W S3] MH0TVEF6=SCX^3EC9L,@QID$.&00YOU+>,KQH1OK/A`/S;O/*]9*\)6+T+HDC M!C/O 6&S]I$*&WAUE?[DN?X? M/VRR'W]A_]`^BTLQ,]@_7K!%4']-UQ?9U3#@=>3W 9+_C/+_B-%^+E^>N]P-E[*_NW'0=A_M+[D"__O_->N22_[MFWU"M[ MZ)+?O%OO0GNQ]^H `3N[X\7&=N*K_(WYX[S4NP9$]JG@ MQXL H2WJ,B(I,,2F72!.RC+`S[*$NRC\)#)AF4RL@$>'H6!D_/.@M/3P:E M,C(!81D+0UC&@L,RF,@D@5*9;=(!VZ0C(%,.!&XRR:!4)DU`A,?"$.&Q)!$> M/&220:F,3("G9V'P]*RS\/1D4"HC$Q`PMC`$C"TX8(R)3!(H%9&)+)K)Q*Y/ M3Z8"B`8$&#,U04VR:%8G[#H&!,"":IBJ$-` ]0F`&"R`&Y0#`7UTB X+* M$*`#Y_\Z@HA0`403`H@J!`#;81W#=EB7E+RH0@`!S"#!8`:)Q`RJ"HD1P`P2 M#&:02,R@,@0`2I!@4()$H@15[05TP`_0,?@!NL0/4+89`I2@@4$)&A(EJ.A ()$X@FJ0H`% I()V$8L,&PC%I)#)41D:G7TU9-, M@*>'(0M,EV2!82+3&)X> HB M@G(!\RDB**T"2A,QE,L"RAEB*$O!G/?33,VA`G8=@6"NX$VX.LT$%.-A.'$D MDA-'3)I)`B4BS22!$I%FDD")2#-)H%2EF0R@1-!`X-H60"`73`F4B`13`B4B MP91`B4@P)5`J$TR@>AM#:VHB:4V-23`E4"(23`F4B`13`B4BP91`J4HP=6"3 MK6/89.MGL P8';;&#;'Z=EU!,RT@B/@RC:&0#X^P9"/3R3Y M^)BD20(E(FEJM9GI)TU`=0O!4-U")-4MF)A)`B4B9FKE@/=D)L`!US$XX/I9 M..`R*!$Q4RNGL1 IZ#`ML&#*WTB:25/B;!E$")2#`E4"(2 M3`F4B`2S57RTIV`"8U\Q=# 9^@@F, M(208QA`2R1A"5;Z\`10/&QB*APU)P:NZ>D_`9](Q^$SZ6?A,,BCQJ&89E'A4 MLPQ*/*I9!J6R,`N@FC& ``/TLG$89E(@TTUDXC3(H$6FF M$9Q&8%X=P3"OCDCFU2$23!F4>`13!B4>P91!B4 ,B@1">8(33V!9&."(=F82!)DE?GR*Z!T=(6@=J$`8D@$&``' M&!@XP&BUZ>[)`4!5_PI#5?\*KIY6QP'`=M;`L)TU6FUN^B'`!+8-)H9M@]G* MB>R)`,`],S&X9V8K8]U3!P`]AU88>@ZMX-XNZDX;FI6@@:&%F2%INZ5."0)^ M@('!#S!:-13HR0'-(F!@Z(AH2+KXJ>,`H+;!P%#;8+2J7.^)`""OV 6![0^AL:61-+8$A/+GT67*AF4B%C^M"Y5W5@>\/4Q=)DFDB[3 MF%C^+&H895`B8OG3:AB[L3RPN],Q[.[TLRB.DT&)B.7/HCA.!J4BEM>!L+:. M(:RM2\+:>%A>"J6D^T\W,C7O.74,)Y"ZY`02$YE.FQ_2C4S-.V,=0ZJ`+DD5 MP$0F"93*R-2\F],Q#$K3)8/2,)%)`J4J,@'CA'4,XX1UR=A675$K*7T&M."= M(=B"%4`T(4!1I%$W@:ZI)@*'O`!B2`3,`+L_PV#W9[!%58 L>L($#"#4Z_4(0#P5F88O)49[`>HLP*`&30Q MF$%S!#,X`W3`#(,.F(VA`X"&US,$& :T"W8=`0+F FY/Q*&0*`T*V)P%@7 M0`R(``( B"&-@B1TB@\=`3*%\`"X#$7E^1Q7H%N/7??O M?KR@_M6_/E[\[2;2=B%] V"4(M MOJ?:$[5#C?IK=L];AII[S227FJ$3 MZ M'K_.'_S&(&9^X5)[O' D^#2C$ WZ["9;6X?)G;:U_83S>Q+2L%B9'94+8W_; M[%_K)'U='&A.$(EO1K;'EHB"%\3 _ >^ 64;)-Q"BDN=N=[8:5-XOG''OGQNR;_V'XC8)-_,BI>D^]M?B5X[61%(S' M,.+>:-(UVR#QXTB[MQ^H=DLIYV7'CBIHR^11YQS%%+]'&1FX*,2A[4 =O M=J'K::AT%S$; 0SB=;YPAZW.30G.N(YQ8/QTJ>W80[%`'_UWXN[X MRG$L2G1`/US4AUR%11J-8G=K /_^(JT68K9#+! M$+!V^5VVIR4[+E5QS-27$$,:LB>8^G*80KS]/:5UI*V3D/_*. 5:A*'Q@0ICST1$W+].*/^;ORM%:6Y([@+;V\.BO=MYKF/?>JE#$'V+ M%I&B^70=D5S_^)2K[.#6RXV]F]I=)E6 @B Y``?"F+UU_D&CB/'B M)^K 8O _,V^? ]=>E.S:R+%QOIE:N8ONS M]MTWEE7ZXQOV2G[Y^TNVG;,:;B;SAIO3[=^L?GMA,-C'3:/Q,QWVB<>P),!( M$76`'=(&.T;#`KXA"W"]9+EJ>L`T>ZX3!YLV!4=@`FS +5W!2S%[Z]>8\$- 6-S^C+4,"8-]]-NU%& A-C/#6]=UMLM4\RG8;VLY^$O* -(-(?>3. '(@PFEP.'BMBN\20>5BNHSW87I)J"]MS$D\$ M+NTT;+1V-QOF[?(`V"V-'SGKB&B2"(9=4;92MB/^@_D=;&_LT!155'O)E(+M M/WTK],^6\4X4!\X?F6=/F9J@H>-RYLP?NG#]*_;+%;N7/ETP?SI50#@0V.1$ M (7^ ;B.P\)H^N =L M)?Y,GWG)I,;-U$6*V!R5XN?O%OF]>OZ$7OGB)VZ$TK?.=?!;330YN/8+^P>[ M_M E`0`4`!P`;6-K+3(P M,3(P,S,Q7V-A;"YX;6Q55`D``R::H4\FFJ%/=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5U; M;^,XEGY?8/Z#-O.P/ D*(NR1(G4)2)EOU0Y-B_G\O'P\)`\_/D?;VO7>@$H@+[W]6#\:71@` 'AZRW2SO`K>-ZM-O)I_'FERO6L^]]L4Z/)D>3T7ABC4=?3D=? M1F?6]/NFX'?,R0)6EG2A]\ 6]/R/WDHR6N.3H^2@H>Q"6_ MD%]A27GH!:'M.6EYTD"F_.LQ+3V^N+@XHK]NB@:PJ"!N=GSTK^]WC\X*K.U# MKH,`?@GHEW>^8X=4GY5\6,(2Y*_#I-@A^>IP/#D\'G]Z"^8'6&:6]3/R7?`` M%A8E^TOX_@R^'@1P_>P2:NAW*P067P_6SA^'1.ZCX[CZ7Q]#K#T"H2O?"WP7 MSHDR-U\&L\7L&2#*0G!@D5Y^>[C=,(-;`T'@>^/),4'+$?G]2*G%HR[(O[1= MHH?'% N_]J:J+D&FQ)_#0/']8,(@ _`[:3]"%(00!_@W;J_DU"&WH MRG+92 -QA8TEM8^8K&?@!90N\MGW8BT4E_CV1CX"3.8# \PTZ8CS]>@H6?^?H&^6MLE$+H1=A]22U^ M7>VVT&/GNK]'_@LDSM6-C[@BR8CR.Y)':R1T(J`'X/B>@XTP[>P2A*\`>-\6 M"^`0?.(B#YBRF1?7$.D0VR4RJT6AC]Y9E18$USEI?5B;E@%5UD-[[&%-`/AB M/[G$6!-O>AZY9#YW'#_"9*0_U^5.O8/VF,-C$J,E?+_'X@LQ7+YA]^29^& 6ZQ9[;$\ [KU\'II";'88\\-=WCK8;.^ID/K`2QM1!:_ MV\7JBJ/%GML3QS5X(D*_P>XLMD7> 3&MK8KTS[Q=*_!PCZ P?[7"("-^#?MI]N3" MY69V(>0TPWU['7^`,*;KQ"+[2P_^"?!0Q58Z6D?4@Z%N/9F?$%B1%E[8O-6Z M:!J2\0&"BFE(-)@J"VLNKTZ>CP^387 .X"7PAP9*?4W48A__PX]N([6 M#W@ZM-U[^YW&5;"M8`Z@MZ0-U!Z:;7??8E0C])T_5KX[!R@@'D'XWN$P;-89 M8]I)U[IWF$7&*.FIQ7@E+U'P%@)O#N:;;V%(^AJ-QJ.1=6AMFL"?^:;3'P)K MMK"XUBD?F!/7=S(=N22([*.L[AA+-%*\L(,G&BZ.@L.E;3^3T/KX"+AAD'Q# MU#P^'(U9U/BO[.O?O]G(PS`*\&R81(:@DW3DVD_`I5L/XK*_GQV?G$TN/I]= MG)V/SL;G9Z-)HI&/Y20&Q9T?"",!F&Y*,B5>P*-B*X3[\_'IZ>3TXO/GT?'Y MV 8T#I*8N3X[3+O M(SR(OQZ,#ZPHP#SYSZ2>[1Y8KP`N5R']Y1E[7@@/\J\'6F"%V*&85VQL-JR2 M(.("+WO54:/0WI#QTU0,#$D3K9&T+:YKZ$9A.B546%!6VBP;RHAN;$7Y=O0? M!V6JJFE)*P4P1%NJC!ZE%H>-H^:B,,*FTF! TM1+9/0LTV>K_%D@Y^]3TRQ+$2W#C^#!`(PMJHJ=VC?G"K M"9TZ&&Q7:FK@'? ;V MN_`7O^-5=8C@4T3ZJM)597F-=59*8JJQ>BP:,1'^8D./8'9S'/(.AFSG]1&$ MH4LWY40.CDQ=\[7?G-VNQW!+4``>%@PY"C:=KZ%'\$X/3#,QB4!07FM`ZJ_! M*%/\L=8FX`$$``MPA3F[QKZ%Z].3CN5:+ZTS')VKL\DT?J*UQA\!7;Z7JSA; M:#@ZE>"+*?%4:R7^ZGM^UO PO'ZJ[3]4I28L(]9 W.%H4%D[UV`4#::3PCW3&1[IF!6[T=RJ+F%/3ST=81X0[.#6]E#."U(SPN M/"D_+LR:M%B;/8R9^-B^`//)CWT,YKCOJP@A<>`F4T:_H965+3^`J@F7";KU MLN%D!V052?XCI_E?;) ,7OV"2??0NWG+DBPQ#;94 W/ ;'UWM)&?F2>2S=#(L+&N2 M]N09D-GTZ4-=?,(^DEAI^UJX0'-5U3(AJ_/SX]XNB$AS5,R#7D"L)?6"/4HY M5G5=\\:#;CZ',3U7]C,,;=%\45Q8/]5*ZD1D@J08U%6A>*D0YSRC0BB+5164 M')`J9;E3B\;W%9+TUVO?J]3H=K$!J5.*-;4S7#WI,C4O]WA)?^N5FUQ!Z0%I M5H5#M2-;O8610QMZ8)[ :2`5V#!72$&_35%0>D]IK,JIWWZ@D!/Q"P@PB] M5QKL?,$!:5B2.:;1,[TO,DED]"(G`RI.6"BV,B`PM,$Y0\JYUF.?ST):&;,I M+JR?VEM:*RNPJVO4FY-$^=Y4ON!PU2K'JJX!=&R:4`3FTIH5EM=:P6H;CFH\ MZAH+X>U-Q6C-EQR0-F6YT]7H)HGN[^UW W,B"BPT44NHCGA"-W/*&P@M9*;[(N4F2Y9G#[ M(^Z%"!YEY)4AO!]RHI).GC1NQ:UK OO\6T( )EB!:)$-@I(?+B&ME*CD*`'OU%^&HC 4E8?@?`H,:[U+&=GI+B9-9L M].E+?L-$H/K*>CL`@7HR,.) M2&.!J[.36*CBGV'APC0L;&W'2N-AJ]Y.8D)&!DF8:V38?$']HXVPF.M 9REF`C^+".X`%! M].^\:/"/@P#)E M\T5V0,65[":*U3O=^G3^[R@(20SDQD?3M8]"^&>9EH7E=T#E:KPG^M J,7.%+2]1CY0YS%CZOE"\T8'4J,)QH3#)(V-+;6(PL01[PF9=N MNU]AIW19_&"6 Q-"ZP(\[O*(D78P"[B1$T84J_V]'QR&G/D M`#"G3]M0WUG>E5!L98?PTD0B4N?=>HH^;3BZAI29,$)@MB@PGO'OXNFH1E.[ M`)^VQ&+$*X1%._CDH60' M;67'HFK`AF6C)@7+"F# !$4_:\ZP] MKGP4)HFJ)."0*;]C,*CFW8CW[1_`\V:2E%&_L/P.J%^-=\4+6AH,_]2R\0GK ME*8%ON(.(**F$(S(,,2C70(/HN([@`(EUBLO:^EA%E+G%W,7(6>%E^!2WF)E MQ1T`1$TA*%[>Z@D:WQ8+X(2SQ; : MO#L1VM"5RVMV,IJ,)M:AE?:/_TA(L'@:K)\(%18E@Z0XBPFQ$DHL3(K%T6(Q M8OYF_ CRP][-%FT_J8F8[ADAP=ZE1P,AG4>I_(%(3,KE,\N6#[ MB5/!#-=*VSN%R>XEI_;2G/:@9,.2$V]C+.:;W$.P#8%)G8LR&GH2`8*VFM]# MLFWAF9%Q3%X$R5/C '7U-AJ1W6ZBEQF3S'F[1=O)O ZQ MUY+,C`C`UV:\39=0W/0>C&T*SHQM@8(8'R>)V>(.__9C97OCT>@>(`?S323@ M>R'6(29FB==I`($@W,0%*_#96C\[#=9NI=CUKD7#B&+J_1:]`M0HHEC>]$Y! MKG/!*2:SFW2^W5& ^K-D^3S]AN[N1VH;8` ' MM$^+[]3Z*26,[($(RS'JZ*8(H\_"!%H)A;5W15I*"!1#",Q+95OU"+1B([UL MLJZ?7?\=@$>`7O#0*:8T10XY?U+`@VC[M97&];%OS="1V8?M3C**!\O[RK@E M) )8A MK+Z`J[1;Z=70V?9J*.[9HEUO1^B2[N/H&R,`+XTX&BR.B%Z62IR(XJ`Q_]:V M\%V&REK]I)#?(DJ!?BU?D)#4339IO"1C:NNDG@YPY+@A.UBQ#ES7?R7C25;! M^9H&Z%ND/`F]2_)K1D0SQ]TO2/PF;G'A86M;S*(1"^( ;2]KRX M]M`QH,"U$ #HTZ#00A!$I ZAKPT!&9$MMIXL[L#2=A]!&+J@;".P MG ;LJ 6D^1UZ M5+?)V3HZR[1U]K1C"OH_F"O%X#7^$(30:4]D28OZV;,>$"@^%MQ +K\9"12U=+8R0O2*'784W(Z:@A+$;@(FUW7H: M+Z^LG^+K:%.,B1K %JK"8W2RH.'ACKW1@7]'D,\`Y- MA=8%!@0ZXR,(T@&0#EK:JWI9W84 MW,XV>3;"%1$P+!#9-''&-J,V(Q(U(-7K8XCP:E$21K@^`C'0,S^;K[SE+19Y M^4Z\7!-#A(P\HT:$/P1 Y%5L9(BZ4>#7B9I.`4?Q%[%0N`?Y2%1+; MM8 C;A&5,(@O1%:0_EQO:&JO82[REL\'YV#7#YUD>IB]K2-7$5]+D6' MF9N()V?SM(C2">BTFGX#N+6[6A5,&IJX)BL-%?V7UQ\:$&IP:\32KX+%JR9H MN-H=*)2QJEN8&[LG`+Z0%VXQX8_."LPCDL@ZN=V>_JPVOU^,QMOS>]H4R\N> M]$:?3&?] 7!!E+T@I+^=0 MJ0W]QKB\@O*#O3GKBM[`22LY91,2I]X\"4 TTW\ M/#(I0Q6CN[22/FJOK;J"4:W.LA%;1H4R*==^695!ZEZ98=VNO@BOV69\N+)2 M2M[<>)3WYI+&_V[1YNEI@4T'!0Y>=?F>_;TR:0D&3ED5.@E-SC"0SD_/CD]' MX^.+WB:$:!W1>T;7X!D!)PY$XL\NH`/7FT_7/@KAG_1[U5OP;36OCZ&IK=W" M2:8[X9@18Q+R5)8DN;S2(*%2@V7=9J629#%8#K?>PD>Q)!_`TD;S^/G?3#&U M66F 9D$"GE[1U*VZ>34L ' MH*%=18R*.!2S$8X[GW.NP1.9+3%[MN=@L4S)26 E;X$^*ZYY)_D4= MT@B=739=6FF?V24/Z?>0=$PK]3R=\$(0#)ELD3Y&/T]!Y>YC 2U/2$(DYL M[%N2>56\5RY5G9_=SR>?ZWCIA9M#^?[YJ7^V^,U#P/&7'LDDBZ>WR$;0=DDF MH7N"4/9V/ M/L2(.-B]?0!AA+P9M6)5R8&EFQ@LUEH3AN*B01O8)#G8E.PX7VD'H5')OA$7 M7O)\ LU=HQP=344:*,S:DC&B-\6F8:DG,O]]BH(A!"1!\$RLLA. 95[1*VTO (U!PW M-N8^"3"F(8STU7..:=[9; -P7 M;U)4&?4^2=+/Z'\8^O)3@7:*,"+Z*Z\PH9RF"`;06UY'"/\;2ZGNH&FIU_VX MD!@77 6!,S)NIXLZSM%?HT^][BOA?NV)*VX-M`,]7BZ M 3$87RBF0 M^N"](JM*G;8T-'W--5E@U%J3C1GK-R5V;[T;;.7_%]A(=&BG=GM[>-60CQ$[ M) WN(U9"/$8?B55G^@3MOU8RE#>Y!5D=`1CPHH X2IB\>(URK4./Z!%]_`7H0`M8*OM+D]OM3%4_DXQ@>'(!Y#W_ECY;N8JH"D MZPK?VSZ"2I2X'7#@>_TO*^[7^LF(0Z82XB&AJE]!.%N((Y+*K?2 K&]=__1\PQS_'SR6W@^1F M?>\RGCN07(LOK_Q\1/AZPBXM_N/_`5!+`P04````"``UA*)`@CSHLTUB``!N M(` &UL550)``,FFJ%/)IJA3W5X"P`! M!"4.```$.0$``.V]6Y/CMK(F^GXBYC]P/`_C%;';KNYVVV['6F="I>IJUYSJ MDG:I:O7L>5F!(B&)RQ0I@Z2ZY5]_`%XD2@1`@`3)I)HOOI1PR Y__;__[?_Y^W]_ M]>K_7#_>6TY@QQOL1Y9-,(JP8WUQH[4U)4$8+EV"K9>]]>CN ;5JVRV:Q32T6F_ M9-HW/[P^_#+-9@[\WZQW/[[Y\ 'JW8_IC]_E34/W MT(ZQ].5MWO+UC__GT_W"7N,->N7Z881\&V>]3GH41W_[8TY)/C[[?XWF7TOM M,X)>OW___L?D5]HT='\+$\+N`QM%"?R5,UC"%NS_7N7-7K$_O7K]YM7;US]\ M#9WOJ(@MZ^\D\/`C7EH)`;]%^RW^QW>AN]EZC/#D;VN"E__X;F/_\8K!=/4V M[?X_%A$%FVG '=@ MBHZ*PS#P7[]YRY3L1_;[C[5&_K$A.S=N:'M!&!-\'8>N3ZF:!IL7UT]`")_0 MBX=#1?K5AC)'\"Q:8T*GV+A1(J")[U#)172QH/]W[Z(7UW,C%]=E0G=X +: K.&S;C+#_#OQL2^*V^/"5_2>F M@G[$'MO%GM#7:^SCI1O5!KM56MH6V4$K9]M$2V=QQ,PO9MB:E8?*1&TS>X,B ME,LZ2&R6E)B)3=64&BUF.5:>K6VV'\.X'0YY`W>*86N MM7Z8.4?7@V17N-MLZ4:16-V4Q%7]S4A_`G/,W5$G>8/IPF;`/)2.98YD]E^) M-1UC9[;%)-6'FC3+!S-']`=$?+J2AO/4,:#+;:;6KDWAOG&]F&HROU%=UDQ, M:?0KHN*-]G,/)1K.O-`MT^T''+'`@A-[U!25M6KP>9F:V9PX/@:!\\7U/#K3 MG4^WV95+7 XC/9,&]KMLR[U96%J6F[$L2=OPS( M)MW+\`H19HV UY^ED *V1?D2;&@340G8#Q[6SJ-!M0++6S&*L[_LUG[$# M]@^&8?;3[(7ZJFG4E'XGC)QFIIBYB3L0!O44_HUMZCN5:*+[0[R)DZ!$^3>Z MGAQ#[D?*V]:C;JCM0.RI+\+VWF#ENW]A:K07.,B/W+8$K]D(NRP:85R># 12OQ$7%O!LK.-Y`C4H8K8A>W.Z%V,_RKZS,O/&1=\/]1W`LF`_I#'@I^"@ M6V?L)M$^^OD^4@[I4O:\:'7I-4A2>P+,3WT*TZ8?XW-(+=_#)O"[2ZDE]GI_ MO4]^GGHH-"8Q(S1TH&-L*?*91Y>H-_4!\`Y[;X_D_HZ]VF?T9B;MQORA?V!A MXB0BMJ/.!`N3,H+FH;O-EHGK_0*OV-_;,&AJS6]0-$$8$1RY),FN,N?G*`[; M-B,R'R3=;ID5>-+U,_:6[&RAX4%]Z_1T)SJ)XR*BMMDFU#8]YD27A560=^?3 M6>,\0^YW[*S.PDKU1*$]OCG6[C$* $Z@%;P.4CM>Z0'V',Q/:9S>@; MP:-JW.[S.QOC4W^B[IF]I_] R!Q+*I.TR>1''*P(VJY=._^M69RWQ@SFV/M/NOU$F'C[ M@H%P..,_6DK29G49-SJW0 B-BJ0A/ 5)O@O'OK%">2>;7!FQ=,-*D][=HVI 2 Y,67=&MXZ2_658 `YP MGB=[B;S=LN[XGCJ-I1S@2V27_7&V/,U-!,XG'.$=PI>%>&P=X RP8@9UD+7S$VYC8:Q3BB_QDLK!$&HE)3AP/#KDNN\Z!%MKSC\P&9H9J"\4= MBD8W_AIAW\'.X:]NQ.:\NGI[=66]L@Y#T?\N3G'\(;1F2ZLXR_^TLGD2QIC- M']@G4WJL%D=`N(9^8JXO4?B2V.R9G%E!D] O8!H4C_X[O7^6A+$FS$`LY(")19B4-*6)"D'B&O'X#."+O)0@1 $10._0"D/W$ + X4DI\:0B)B`@`8"I O].(7O7=)53YPL`BD\$HS`F M^VJ;@-NR4V1^;H@,EP,`&!QLSD.\HLKY+#1L"8'D9$[15"Z1S?4R,S_T3-[I M$>)OK,0+_AI]2$_N__%=F`9UCK][08B=?WP7D;BW8($HAE,"253)LU\S316N M,O5;X@:$_E>B"1"^%Q;5+)8_$R%1;@?!'E,$HDP\.!R8KMR%88R=FYA=]DAS M_Y.K0!\V6R_8XS0O S6+T)"?./^.TYM J0K^TK4)*+$/3 M%)&O?1L0[*[\:4P(2WPJW*/(;U5X:>[O03`/.)HMJ0S2;X2.PMQ&?(/3?\O" M@)U,WZFN_=I$U[J3R5"4,4EV.%1S23;ZEO2NT4R=JMC[-E2L$?O0M"DI=LFX MN@]"D25]UJ;;T[JK)A">40Y-^(EI?DRA*CMO,M=&WJ];D!I&\2JY&1)PJ?=5 M`[F\8[?0-8_H5;`##;L;=^ 0>FX21RV@C9$O%'^@?_G5\>>%W:AVQ##6V]9)M MD+[3PTTHTN@'(>E861 O$[X>Z),7-._ M_%%I`"N.`O2+550*129[ A>OR\[=,D\5F$BB\YD':>R"G/UZN>Q M"/VQB$3.N4"918W[^#RS!QQG)$M_D#AL_*9PO#4Y!L4/C \N79N]#9P6[F2'W('GVMSBW@JF^D]7KZ]>GYOJ MA6FLXSQ6/I'U_6&JOUG?9[-IFNI\K96QQ[/"53OULBQRBEQ)+')Q\_ZM &3+VD1"I05C=#8B]7J6!54"=,G6Y@($VY$V"V)5-+W^?6&S3 MJ_6#8-.K:N+!M%=C# AX+X"N7"^'UZV,#>F-K`*EB#`%CVP)AL M!3QK`V1_4E*U$S!.V1BB\$'O- !%R=G;,(=1=(6PB[" MU9Y\RY#0;EZHU/V+B/N23'.8+MFBGH)I'$;!!I/P,R)X'=#)Q0*O.0Z$F($4 MC)I\`5BAYB2@VV2T9[>#(A;2^#-VM\DWOG^B ZS+/7CF\# M ORYA#V*@5=.^Q14F9:SE/_C+Q/B$0+VIJ]?FX+12YJ",%#UA"VB(V6Q?SH M1GCB.BJZ+6X*H7JBAJC%C`S`T+K&OKUFGZ2>M776K0>3ZUV+)M !:8%S-E`-WSMSE`C 1"PIXIP::O0/:"6ZIR7MT>>W50]@);:@V?]'VF;+^[O;V9U/%VTZ ME^B-`4G[/GVT9HA)F(*&UX$T1F>6%"^`BM^TS[KUS5#B\S,$@-*2=],U(L*U ML+I;GX7GS0-WREO+(:@/7VW,WF&_=Y?!@9C9#I/;XA\X-HAJQSX+N=>W1E2Y M@_:)I27"SY;J>_?/F#U.3.F:^6D5-L&GIMZ]S^+JS3XY=1ZA@2L\Z7X.\3+V MJ*[B3Q2+3;S13 D/T6KN\ M-:0'L&RK42]=N/6&Z+74>1=(0UV]"ZF#K+AQ'&&2IQ`^X$@4S:OHU&M!](81 MO0K6!H1?X8W@R28@D?N7[)FJ.@/U6ER]-9R%[+8 H$%R@Y>8$.QD-*:OLXF0$37N%B"CL1P12RUO+8MXN_5 +NN>))=: MM7/_-<>:8GL2(5'D&L#2?*#O$T;LXTO*;Y2)EF;O:HX!)`=;3Z^Y\*KQ^RVB M?)*__([E+[^!D[#=$?) $/.Y:^LT%EL ]%`GD ?T+_#LC4 M0Z&L(F>MD?JOY65R-ZHE`@!*(*'W2.T#VLCW+>U1@.QB#3X!Q9P(/OO?*O"@ M' E9`7\`D,HK@MZ[805*W)80 MC"L#"'%Y:Z$>,$%.4M6'/;"4_`\C2U(36-X>0O67!L)7X-`\!)^PX]K43%NL M`[$/P6O4YP5!0\+FL=5"?682KQB2[+`QV&R1+WY%0=RTSUM]AJ0M9@Z:+\=Q M7$KGS..#R+!>37N(F2[-EG>^@[?L P4V&F[ M1%Y`_DAS*5CRY M/'BMOM0I#`7!7-!=#.MQ.E#HIRA `^4(?U MX6H+NY3SQ?4\REXLO&)1?[@^BRVTKQ/GW`Y?#=A;VC9=$9_0UQOLQ':4:+E9 MW9#.T6O9ANXT1BH#4/ _A';P SM>]3JEZ3,"4%.U7? MI^8P?3\)T/C[U.07VO 8C-:,XTM2B?O`7SUALF'Y=RVHQ^GP0\Q;,\?] M "0SQD[2E =3B@'(66.?$FU3Z5Y%"9WXSMQ#/GL' M0;)=MSHCQ(/Y%@R`5F4(02MKBXS'EC2CJ9VI@!@Y'7S=)VK9BBQ'?6PZ%6B+ M\`)T%*JQNH@"^X]90H+\U;UR.PA&:YM?W8E*E-DW'Q^=8_*(PXBXK,IM,N,S M%:LP,4K>'(*IVS8ZU5)H.:+]8;/U@CW&R;R'`"NE5PA:90\(R0Q=X%8I"&BG MDQPM"Q\7S_*0B[P/A+R$KE;0"E$``+BV;5$ZA=&UUQ0&[B_]T9Q8:KJG5;YO M]]F3/>M;_IQ=\FLXB:,U72C_*N5=MCC/((R+>GII7EC0-C)3+.Z0Z[$O\#8@ M'VE?45YG>],-PE3J50O+,KL893Q PL,+(9ALLO,*TTJI/.T@;+MN ME5-9=M"4]."K8+)S;5$Z2N#O,*MCFO`:/@41\HJ_L[ P)B70?,;UX:D\/ M(0$7V"*J+4-HRMO:=YK>KZ2F3O:G*#F"[7:!Y=,`(:-X8(LN7Y!=A7-EW*24 M/05YS#(UM9_6)(A7:RHX5MTI>Y^.?J>R$+#)62`D*)M5L=9$!6U!K"TVEL/, M[@3>4A0^(?('CI+ X-=V$8LX?-TYW#M"KRY^A6][H]RS$KJ9:-/.8F4 7DRFY=\:.A+$2E,)V&75)3 LI$[S?$? M>L9X3UG$@\P8'Q.*NPQ"C0G%65$?[$C#(0*=4NT\B%V]E@:I2@#:,J-T2'H, M?;%`O[I:F!I\$(9$>RD0"A*"IE9JGT-2'HQRUVA5.0XR"%NFQ=7E*`E@T?;# M8T]9_EDAT4PWE/Z3>BB]\+)3-J]5F!AXA#S+P3_ ?_B* MB>UF=?F2XC!-PN9-)X5C)]?F1!9#;V.FX 2RH4`!;'X-^"IS52.. MWG`F*&'T]CYL0THH%N&HA,UF.BEX\@LK>'(%J*#,8!63*U;S8 @SQGN^5 U.8*`-*KZ'DR9P(QXM M0%%DO`LP;H.8R+$HMH`;53`/19%O:"$EHS*H=TC2?#)H!R>FQ*=SF-+4D1SJ M"8M9!((OF&18;%R]\AFFIKPX>T&NUJW*\J)7V^?MMFME+4UY !:=P5I`='W2AM[+9+\X2[4Z%96(%J CJO9=H.@3JXQ6A:^QH@B/W;_EI.NESCE>LS*5TC.IR- M87PR523"+8LS_.^F2O8@/Q[3>VSV"W/6>S"<>+/#+:$S&,.))U:0VFSJ6R\S M+/O6.UGZM4F"6] 6,GL60J>E 8`CS0F=GSDCR(ZNV=ZB2;UHYZU(!-T>@[R+ 'Z$=O8W6&' M7;?-6 Z'S'R6%RR'5W3FP?ND7K']^Q5 MA-5RIGK3)?I@..3O>:6/?G`RWEN;">Y) /X M]D]W#[/T)$A@I[./85SW(/87]8/8Q\7S>-XZGK>.YZWC>>MXWCJ>MP[^O'4L M"-[H'+;-@N#CF>QX)OL-G `YK0(C0(B+ML7YZ.-VY^IY//Y[$-I?AMZ.\:4"]-^4]G_YRSW&[D^&W MH[R'3:?S%"^CI%WN43(,^7X['T3/B8_FZ;N\8W&`0OYVOH_3K1+>]Z%-W^4> MU@,2,K`#T9/KJ@U.1W^M?TUU/"T=3TO'T]+QM'0\+1U/2\?3TO&T=#PM'4]+ MQ]/2'ES8),T3BK]Z3LQXCFI:HM`B->.UAP$ #$ M=C3QW)6?2,9W)F&(H[O-EJ[\["]3ROH*AWH!OI^N7I\'^+*9K,-4%IW+2B:S MCK-9V71UXWK .4#?,7LI^PO?8#+UCM%X$7)X:M\!$Q M25L0,12>6N3WFR6TFQ?J^4?XD1)T'X2\Q:6Z>0_KRAN3ZTHUARW7'!!-SET_ M5#KTO)BH:EB5\'-VAB5^D(_HFH6$RR(T!XZ9Z[/E`GF8OV%(VO6Y6:AK9'$; MYC`!`((97 +$_-+UD-9KXF]T0C-)J5>? M02P]L2NS!&V%.D8E6,*0;\N_#V'K/L,V]3X0(2OFOY!I'$;!!I.)YP5?V%3B MST+ 4U@I'0P!=9;E?PZ&[9]CN=4NKYB)L" L$7;H OU+/Z^U[&(YE?;%S66H9B>RN[> !H+\EH$S6&D7(B7OFKZ`>)@S1=3=P ^:NA&'B8(@/$I6Z0 2..7L6'1*?=/] M,B#)-8KKO6RCU^H)XS!2[N\I,].R7:Q`A]!ET>@+P$W45#P-H#IR)CN!"J1! MT`5\+3NE9K8M2BH.(]>>!K$?D;UTLQ*T[=M3U=;BXGXEX`D`,LF%F(GOW-,I MO/\=$S=T7%L865#NU??I62.T*KD#@-MM0+"[\E4^*'[3O@_#&B'$9PD`+-1L MFA+LN%&1)TD`2-*^!VN0 %;@ZX0-\_[484F^E^2V\1KUD[LF M)C?W= W[]LDUL"!ST#+88+#[!^^HHWKIW51 M-LS""]-8+/>5 ?=NZ&J*7L=%V3FU2ZR6DMO7GM6NO623V&`/_C`E^Q#9F M:6 /;R;VQ'^HB RG(^H[MEF3[[CLMJHK[$%,',L?^`B._Z*]XN*V_>9Y%_-1G+Z8 ?#UZU+\C /'@EAH:# M):MHFEJ$^8UG;3AY0W3K8%^9AY3'%#14;_`2$X*=S&:)0E' H5K :G9:OE<>([-V5*%&Q(Y9[=(J(=-]'B!=I'] $]`\$EJ >P:_!V]&&YQ.QE3 ]`P M7[B4AZ5KHZ1(@K^B3HV`M;N0^C@AI?3%V\^IVYH4P$A,Y]DR[4)EZF2M!4K1 MVFS=:DWM*$QK_$-3*Q%7[`81#J.97RAF,;%M$@M?5*HU4K?JH!T`:L0;-*AY M210Y!_(R4$H]NX52.RZDQ4MOI6/8?P5^Y/I4@[+(/C4.M6K'_%*N'5, _H_VR!$WD [+C^ MBBLU[OL_G QX=>]O,H[6=!&$G2O7KW_BOP]*1-Q05%75P`]H!SPJ1YXZ+& M0++[==5 RE)B!YKE>QFOZ4D+0_2R]8U/\8U/\8U/\342*O^+*WFP!=%6 M]NCG'I,B(V57O(.5:ZC5NN S)7O[ M*/U=&)VK-U3?E[)J*%4]1J%9+%S&\W=G4M;2SV"VY#:]QLN@4(A8Y#V8GJ7O MFV0U],6X#`:E2C._@KWD6ZFI01J#]WWKS;3B:+`.35_*_OFY9YB?B$FS$/6' MZ?NB70T=T&>RMY.%_!+5')-IL-D$_F*-"+Y&H6NS[!378Q>N^(WTSA]^+9\_ MY,-:=%PK'=A*1K:^3PBP*`561H*X<>U2]X9 M"J5'#S7&,>!G L&=0J))AT4O@M4:! SWOJM`-E+8PP.JISP!,(D?,;N2SDHH+*+`_N.92C9\7#Q7U6N2]>D[LM(8 M*44^`:#'9544857MU'V058^=DY,!?;-GJ!'3-`Z3AVZFJ3M'.3[Z %#_6'Z#!_61U.?SZ$"GLBB M(=K9&!!2".KJ>1WP,[8'@7P6QBW+P?EW'$;)JZ\UOGR=42&8::UIAXX@H.E+ M4I:#D8B\PNE".(G2>F_,\W@*\G43.W.T3_@AA!VAR-X_-C$PV#5%_X,ZL_X; MBP::'@D^+I&@]/8 Z\VA`)>H,.3&0*:&VJI5Y^UILUMJ26VH*&GM%$4;;LFV^KI.!`W M5H'R:F^MIYS"!KUR ,#=:!2B%_'2 H'TN$_JE.Z4TEP]?V74R[*0;PV8;1UFAX',& MI:GOAL:&ELPETNWB=VB(]=ZRY. 7$%G=Z"T+@])]X)A&(VNE ME2S_^JJ 3."^4FUJ^?%7WGJYH M\FFZWC_1N24%!I1Z0LR=5T/Q[$YF-:L`-@4Q9W1F:0T!I9Y`*@MHJ*P2B$46 M`8!XCWQ^-19>`P@NK(;6%?$HLF'>L+V.78^=_GQ"]II:?61_H(I2F-0(%^:D MJW>%X#=J2E^/06A6KY#9DF6ONK[=0TB)5F>+GQ9=M:,--1M:R-='(DZ2K.H$ M^J.5`E[%&;2O=6+;\2;V4(2=&[PEV':S +ZWF4HCL_ M0OXJ*1V>/$/UD! *C6:62SR]:[*M^:TZ\^5%A+-]YS/ MUO2A.LHY&Q4(P?@DE"`ZD@S-,3F8O38UPPGUNV)"# KAQ4H43MPL$!U(/)RX;4'%Z(L@/O3-RJ_8 W>'2W*] MWG]"_PZ(1@4^O K&;W_HI5L_NE__)^_2@!5Q0`]&)*S9A@@\F]&T;\ M`(ZT)82H6$W5+H+)Y0T`.@M,=JZ-)RN"TXOR4H2$K2%$%`R@).2OA>@F00[> M(/)'2.W:Y'\8:9((I[P]A/!!`P`4.(3FL=[@'?:"+7:.\=M'5I)`_@55]H(0 M7S#P)57R"0#!),FMQ*`,/6D/"-$&`\A)>02`FH3%JC,*M:[]'5OHL,8_R=#S M,H=ZT"'ALN*^MU)/X,:,5!64&(2VE4J(?L1,:&GBT#&!37;,4G R7-_J;L"_Z)K8`DWXE3%Z3%0MZF.-Q5HT$'`_J";20G:A8 COIN\`M+*Z;,(=]F&X8=N;ODXO,"^Y2F:^(Z M*_R$R>8^0/XMLEV/DOF`"*LQL=-[7NOUF_*-839_ $ (%RE2N"4J8?@.Q/%^"JF)RP=7]AN`H&3L/ ',=$!)\H3;9%&WI+]%>M`!J#0'!+= ZP0C\@@8H*K:L"ZHPI\WO4 $X(T6`F)6^A(^=2Z:?20-AH00 MX6D(GS*OT$R`,4(^T`CY*3/%*%52F N6&EU)S$F +A,/,)K-;*'\-*1V#+M4/*,BALTF?97DTK&& M8^#Z6XOKC"ET8URGACN[P_X\H(PE_W5+5XO,MLM]KUO\0F)$]C,?/WT)GM9! M'"+?>?J"O1V6N+0FAAU27,@$ORV;!@E5C$9*`(?"3U0^ZS/RUBZ),!8?230? M$H)CI(9Q 6UR-DQV#HV\\HEA3M06YR:@0W$'--;D) MNVU:5=IKR0-U?.4+L[FQ.\7Y9S/V56.F6_B2Z?(OM?U"GFWPA39@UJ#X4S8R M;* Z)';.+$Q$N)6F#BXG":GB H'U(32+7QM=X&1" IT.T,( MNBCF6NBP!>WS.F7Q!ML$HY#2NT5[V2LTU=T@!%1J+XD\AJ`A5_SLLR6<>BM' MBMGCZ*YONUODW?D/U`S.#E&I3;R6)6DT&!-";$6GMD$S;@>M$/^%$7GZ$IC0 M@\-0$`(S; )=X.U87;23JFFU+SC\I'G!(:?0.I)H)30>Z@8GG0]D6BF=8U5A M0R03*G,FNR,YX4?ZY=P'87B]9^4Z-ND!1O)AY,\4BR].-!EP 4^=8=IM5V'QXE P].M#(>`&`Q9BA.]`,79X.C@]$]/]` MA#0[C87NP]N`?%Z[]KIBP?Z,Z"\^_B+-6*L[X$#2=TVP"NZ I=YU(/F\ M>DQ!^[#F'G96V,D>]`RB!=XBJDC8VS_B;4`BG!V;83&JS88:2&IP,R:AH 7.T%88$%/L.+.57D2MH0)X1.(FFB!!F)_P3>;'( MC*WJ-+2 PG"742$\13EH`.5\KZ4=)P(#. M"+*PJ53(9VT@'*!Q-*,HY3.*` _H1OP288>]G/ Z M_UT]R3(^`F!@Z6[";NO/!H\O`D!]$:#M;WQ\'@#.\P"=?>;C6P'0W@KHP#X? M'PYHX^&`EH%+KGV>U-`1@2-L"2+E1`T!(0^PTTS&PZS!'&8IE+#NL5BU@8M! M+96E-B]]^3OKW)800C@UL6CAA77SD#P$OJV,2K$QA*!+36"*;$##1N 3K-7,%I*H?@G(BZS:PZ5;?PH2U75295X>_7Z M/%4B']C*1[;RH?M-A3AFAHA8EZ5'*/ 3ST4AN[23>O?S);I52]. MAD3]8>!D3V@"ECM4]=ANV:?5)8J;:=%DH)ZS,)JJ=5UP 0'[*R] U_'R7(7[40>)\3;=(&_3"5+`2!C-$8EFRSG:%V&7Y'=5=8&03BVX M/J?&0.MY&M24 DHQ!#D# MOZ(K.)$:X!7=TDY_-/Y"SJ_2!U1JC=5_(>^F)D]-QH'"+[OD)FD/Q'1JI-!5 MH,)YY D*\=$NL[@;!$J]4WI-28I4L`8#KF4H2 M.TD:0E@D>+9\7J0A(PT0ZPX&P=K7@K8NH^;]KVOJ@Q"T26)]/DH'OHU]1^A\ M576`8/0K8:'"3.L5BQ,ZS\TM\?E150 8!LP>)`A_[U&=/ '/I(&2?(D[@+=0;JP5 24\:8=YEX>[*\]#=%LOX3KRD+[77UH@Z7W3!"P//=9*_ M8#M[Y/N>_G.5/A9I2X/71D>'X-/4_D1R.\"H1%JVV,YI?:8#MZD=#<>'X!@9 MUX^&,NE00PPJ`V# ?55:7Q3._3L%)Z#ZWC(OG MLT^P':Q\]R_L4$6*6?Z3QU* `VQ4W*GO,SHQ+;C3>RQ%2+[ MZ^S%RY8'Y;,!^2!]+JM-T*W+[P!`WP0D MU!^KQ!VA'^)_P.#72CZP"(1>#G[I7@ M4E:`YI]_?]_^+]W#WM*'K^A+49?OW]CF&23/_C)FN?N%$U,E]TISQ#YK >^>+B`G6'Z[.T5SL?O2KG%Z$2 M3U\"DRJ1#-=KL;'>=")A_3)T@A4E-JH5Z8"]/JC7GUZDS%^$9K`2IR85(QVO M6[TP&!TTP/MEJ(6[,[I>I.-UJQ:=A!65>1^\6C`V;MW01AYC*GQ:8X+1,A*F MN)J K0]U$ M0>O*HO-@F9A2=H"#*3F.:V?M6027D9D\1\]R+Q(&IFMV $]BA&FE>+NK#G['+W@#(\W:4%Z4Z0W>K3P;CMV;% M LDW#KD+^ M$WDQVP11N)[X#OL76\]VR&->'S W902EZJ;=PN3P=A@-6NM+WV;+?+WG]C\6?0( MGV@)=_6K[-,M(`9#;8K\M8R**A(@I&\P2"7A"9J]GI.YB`+[C]D7'Y-P[6Z3 MF.QB-D^O:MTE_RTPT'4&Z!;0%I+P=)AM^]NBD]P'R$^C4[R/ZJQ!M\(WG")W MS@RTS^AXJ6V!HRB]!/61!*$H_B%IWRU.+80U)+Q!@ZW"M+S>YR=1RM$)8?]N MKR%U$HT0\@H-9OFRG834(A+;[.CQQB78CMA2(RTNWVC$;E6AA52S1MQ#*3E_ M?$RA ]HO1OJHO2Y[-;LZ5%Y[=R`JR,`HN2 KWI M![DXVE,H EA7>HSSV5F2O 2$3=^ZS@T H;1K7&[K/*;`OZ M4$L&`U`;Y)+LJF:-\RU![SXKT+8!/9]+^.`F&Y+7X/Q2/$"?Y63;VKJYC/9Z M-_:829X=*LP1B5S;W2+^Q?)&H_5:#M;P,:,&V_`_X^JMI\[2K35HKR5A>]G- MA[72WR:5T-F#W'&8[E+JBL#IVFNEUS;@YO`(']14_=@%C((_\A#X=J*U&H^! M5(W3:P77-G;S*H:A89^=L]#]*2E:,P_"B.#()4G8G1._3]>MZ-Y%+ZXG*RYE M8N!>R[0VU@X3$ABZNA28J5P^#(W=:V76SI5&(`1H>L--QXNI%?QXR,*[\Z\1 M_;N-%VN,M=Z;DH_3:Y75-K:8*H;AI:R)7]*1O:)(OP%N_*/AO="?]/+ 6U-B5V+XE?6Z6V]$Z'1>6U=FZO.!%E#A!L`+72>B45=XE M>,U&V.$[GXZ.=4-%[_1"11E1UI$J=CNR&")*"+-.*+-2TL;0SQCZ&4,_8^AG M#/V,H9\Q]#.&?BXR]*-@HIU>8+G&RX#@)_15(V^X_A07%J9I(@KXSJH:=^?5 M?*8$.V[4EEI5SG9AH1-#4KD493O6B,J>@3MZW6UIG-J4%Q;O,"F:B]"]5K2K M+_WIXK:L#O/P@E\IT7D9L$(8S^?$^XHA,E-QL9_UXF)9U.M8,*R8!,52I,J9 M4^=!M#%P-@;.QL`9Q.UI#)R-@;,Q 77^.[KF*V2LF@(W:]2&PH"GSZ#('& M]]N>)G=#TJ"#B/V*;BBZS?.6G7_'8 W2S6F&G3% MP'9$`B_,_1F[JW6$G I>3A% MGLU2/%Q_Q7>OF"S8=1U6>%$];:;1)(,.@IL6!C2?MCE_C*_9DCEF=/E,+._ W:YH+D_W\C=P[P-_]83))J\GK5MUV_"T@PYCMR^>(>MA*81B M>$.M&'_0T62# 4-GGINBL>(?OM$9^ MR:!5UAO3TUY8N->T>.![KF*.\[29CO6PWK07%@@V+9XAZ^'QR\L2#">^4WSC MF;GQ@8_+3_:U/=F%!7[-"&7(FG;\MCK0-)W)+BP0;$8H8`)U\6:#R'ZV++@A MZ>'',[N+ G^]3WZ>LGL"NI&Y]PJ1N92>Y"&60E@MKT60$%5\ ML.5`EW6]3QM9"6EC&*Z?]8E;G_9Z_XE^%W&ZP6M%XE2'N^A@G*H0`&Q8!U(/ MA!:HE$;FE'J"C='IJ7T1;B6^+QW9?_W\]J=?7K][]^;=^U_?__3VEY_?ONT" M;+Q$L1 @, !*[W!PZG*,(KZLYAO6-FR0@] MV+."+Z\%>U;"-P"D.;1)S1M)>[#F:J7NGAQ0BAF\)+@&9H.:@1"JL3E%X7KB M.^Q?'_Z,W1WR6-A,NC/*NT`P-RM5M0B9G!T($`6;3>`OHL#^0XY+N1T$BU(/ MC#(/C1#8V'\PL;ZY>IL)E?XAFX1B/J=M,"'8$0M7H3T$8U!)R`J\F#N7X4J> M?6#1GM'@^BL/.[>Q[_`7F\K6$([5E*4NY03:6=CSXF.PP\1/PBLK[-N,+?P2 M+;`=4SKI_TF7(?7N$,ZKM%8G==8`P#@-R#8@E"L-["KZ0+@*H+F=2/D!@-*G M@$0KM,+7R/Z#KL5J,%5UZA2G7PS@5,40`*`27L[IR__K+W:QC:4(^\XCMC$U M(JF/+L>PP7B=PONK`7@;\&K>!KEUO[)*8ZQ,E*HA4MVE4TC>-[1&JMEIV0S, MRW8I"5_6N%MG\ZJAW&6 B;;?@F`@%"!@!`,?OV%DI M(%%NUBT()D(`91X`R/_.W^&T>J` \K\[17BK0L]^[E683!YQ#/+0-\]N\*"M8;L:+LN-%6350`9UOCA=E ME5D"`-=X498'W3=[49:;*:H,OZ`WA.-3@Q=J!%R"N2%ST%WV(H!ONYZ;/2:0 M)JD=:?X=>X[FE9C75WK%:DY)8'])B+#>GMR2882,%V``??'C!9CQ`LQX`>9" M+L`,,%>[_?L/L'.UOX681W?YVV/,`\ZZ.\8\QIA'WW!=_MV8[N+)X]V8OE?4 M"[H;,[ALB3%9HO=D"8"Y$N)D+844K?XDV?1.1)E\^(?+XV''>-@Q'G:T _C[*D?9%Y'H>.W!0!EIA)`CKM$'0%3B&KP#SF-AK%.)P@3S,TN(7 M.(K2Y4G](Y @?%FM$7']U3+=-=#ETM]G[UM?[16J,Z)YUO]8[ZTZIL3)R MK",]Z5GW]_/%W?QOAT>WK_=61E;MDV^NG\&QX:;4-B/N2QQED3G>&;9>UY[N M[Z?52&?+Q-.8;3%)'AQBI4KI8I4)]B.EGB!/$KRK,U#_Q]5UL#TK":#--8!5 M7I'L![3!TLA>C7&`1/SJZWT-^(O\@T`_I`0GYDC%A>M2.PB!P-K*>XI 81AIG5(3O>JNC3?[)`T\VP M@D$(L&4FJVQ/.VL#9+]24K@3,$[9,!]ZIS;\02T6@9?\6QR%E[:&L*MP52,/ MPDNI-R_:)VRO_ ]NRJ'\T[&+T3U#E.,EU*,++V%::[WOV/D M16L;$ H5I3WF=\M;[V^9%$R* OF1/J/$1MJ57E;!!.Z#K7L$JI#$#9-D'L1^'Q0.3. MK_BDV!=50\V:SG-AEQ$:RV,0JD4B]Z^L.MOI@JRC-Y)!+NR6@IS9H2'>'.[^ ML!8\*]0:UJ"!/@\#+^*7T'7V2>'R;13^%T9DYHL.:%4[0WB-J#:\JDQ"0[;, M\( 01L(8LD9EC68OGKM*=E##RE0Q/H@'I3I1I`I!P->A]&!P6CP8 M9*0G'-,E."`UMS+M 1[XM0B* -2L8Z5(.;\( MM;@-8@T_674\$&^S=:L4*>.7H1/NSNA*D8[7K4ZT'RA59GSP.L'8.%K,X=,: M$XR6D3!#R.0$W6J-Z?BK24D`NP]V3*DI!'6R.@SI^2#UM4Z[?L;>$AV8#G4O MDKU1ODA6+`]%J;-R\@Y5H+Y/*?R;16D\'R:C\C#<>!FMGT7I6T@P[NYMI#'! M>$PP'A.,QP3C, 6 M87O*7.?7O$_3KYY] C9X!V^7$ M@\R.[5)`\) )?7]SXJ92@*W&2&J5[4 MYFVMJ$U&G75WJ/IM%0B4A6T2(L>8S1BS&6,V8\QFC-F,,9LQ9C/&;,:839&Y MDL6G##VGYX7%;S@ >3).XN*0]>$/^A`,4^P^`1>VF, &F>H/!B3?I8'SZ M'=?C',"BS*%-&F>2M` $G(@2U)WB":7?P``3U&XOO6"+QGA M\E KMUMSH19R`14ED/ M. @+:H(0*>FKI M*S`%`+:'@'K@.:E2F+@M(1Q`Z,#"90(`#(5=]O"?O[N84(&L]_=XAV6/NZMV M[L&H$!PWU#4J5#F%A.@GC%@,*_%'RD1+MSC-,8"8(WJZS(57C5](*-_YVS@* M$^Y>2Y=1:0\(NUPMQ>6BR.,0*&9OM#%[`VD+;`6S-Q`QN]Y/PA!'4P^%LHQ& M2?L>=D'!F:V!7?" 0DQVC,E$Z5C5 M:]]V/3 V1QJ>#MYWR59^K&L:E,6J6J>E`!RA`:!O4&,>GP,?[3XC\ M@:/;V'?XKT!6-09EX[7T)1651"0'`'@>E9VS_1XR#A81BA*+:HK2 \$^/[F,4B.9%3[`_*U3"H M(!HB@):K=AT0$GQA):7HTB9`^*P-A'S?-E`\8Q,:4C?X)3J&X`\"$!Y*"%I# M2/9M`STAP]!P?`C2V=/'DMC]D3SQ0_3]27M`2/)M`T\ITRU75DB>K4!V]`E% M,9OF#!=^$P@)NB:!X',)[6N2IDU1 "JHG76Y+8GUEC1^3]U-7*@H\(`(23C4RQ+_ MI9PEGHQ\4JS@^\/@8,H2S+:8).]H)-0ZJ0NN5HU`UM7`NIV,RHFJG_T&)P]; M1ZCYFEQ@I.5M,)F)&V(L_=ISK)D+_HG` 21T 3`M_`[G-QIW>V)PPP4T4N/.DY:`#DV+2E,2 =1"@*F@+X;/2AU7`3,O6)IT-?T'> M+!GSSK?S_+Z`)/3PO/7J+A!.H=0!4..I"^?T"9.-R#5-?X-P0J0GV0+Q_5>2 M^!@C@N@*B%DAB N?K5Y#X559!XCA#4D#B.`>4".&!P$(D4RU`*.DY>FW: M0 %D'(#M'/>4M`BEC\K)``WEVU@607,;-^XF+"/G.R_X>1Q$F MX6PY)=AQ(^IJ+*@G$NVO`]'5`=W.$,R):KW,O4P=SEKVY'DK_)V_PTSO]H]X M&Q-[35WBHZ,HA*OV2!!,%'7L:K/9,I!)4?AI'$;!!A,%N"K:0PB*J8-2P0RT M(UR>#E6="53TZ>](0(D9_HF`Q+SL_D"`^U4]Q$R#Z`J=Z=9D17`R]U.P8!?$ M H=E: 9]-\`DC/4*#".!D1(^41\=HV6D'#VJ&*/;F-]5ZWAQ MF>PM"R4-J02;C1OE;YFP.YR44G;#P$4O69I\S2MK[\MI* UH1K)W;"7K#K\I MG"K[ZLL-GQ,X:#`_+"--GO0D:0]D]9'I%P 7A. MZ'SW5$:INRY 8)V_E?ZV*_W#ZSJ%)XMCW_>2U8SG0'@ MU%!77^-T^`.'9T:J=.V3]@"R^NEKJ1C",PXO#3/06;JMX=A1BNY#0*)U&"'R M^%6XN7':0-C(%)3LD)]4YJ#E0Y%/67C]$W9 [(;$>+6$!*D-,0LY06:2W&#-M01"EEAT '9[%60:W. M&[0O\X3>:1`FCQ2M?/ JJC 6\?@=_86(0_?E1?P21DDY>T8.!P)A M2WC&N4SJ0C:@K7BJ:_4TV&P#G_Z6O@'2 UR958A:8!9];U'--5 MP5]-/>1NPG3Q4(LW :QN1!AFOO?YUR%HUZW,&T4G)%RT70#V%.5;ECTX\1VZ M^B&/W LN@ASPC7 M'J%;A!J%$VKQUQ5B3^X&SS&=S'D*J`J=D/=(U 'PAO-%*W"#8*'#3B M$_SEY&.R\B,.,=FQ%RLRZG6O*[]I=EWY2(F5D9(TSX@9[S!_.U=4&M]L'J^H MC%=4QBLJEW5%I;0WCSDTX'-H2L:%"+MRN^%EQ7"8@/U1[=G_WOFI.:L6K#KM M,;QD%BD[T-`: !U%R$?KUWTX,W-=D,K6/3L@2KHC%7C.R%!$?G+=\1=VW?&J_TN>IF#@,M?V M@Q">4R1$_!`$OUV?;J"B8AU>?^!ST'8&#OZB)%]!NSY=`$WY"CB`9E%.;!M[ M[!P/.PF=Q\=8PAMVUTP EUAI.S>:34C)8I^/ M7,!GC2`$#.N+^(R9+H2\KQ;QOC $WO8A8$*)KJL-O M.A)RV $B1@6,E"(%)"^0-.*ZGI!K !XH,'BVV/_DMTXJ/6M UQ_YR18$;29Q-&:DOD7=J17 M-54[][GGU$!2E:UA8/F(F938\ZT'!HYM:L"K-%Z?-ZV-(:[$*30E>"(8A3'9 M)RPEBT\XL:D$Q*NQM$>?EZIK`"GE!1I4$C.8O=#J)6E4 J]O`,NB>"/)#9">U,O3.\%^7S_"S.:QD$BN? M) $T5H#^0JVH,4>*5NL0MX"VS%)+L?//>RLL#,)IX''2">)(O+C MQ2I=(:1RU,%1C;NVL\;CB%5\981D>L6[VBAM"2'/0T?^4F:@?3T"QK(Z$LF[ M#,4U_[,;K8M=]#9#]5$AU#>N\\TU9GP@^L$2.O2P3WM`J&QL$->4J?XN5V;/ M*\^6U]F#RS4O5[[A7*[,QK9F2RL?W NZ/["45T&T[>9Q% E\6V:QV>32J\ M8BAJ".!"ITR%1,+MZ!IG0_&"C%(U$WD?5S8G/EWA21Q&4P^%X23=YM"7,'8C M N095W-"#1C:XCEQRI/6&KM"W(VX4`UUB8;:Y.-M I6T:>'94X0ES.TS%7P"P'%E"#I&G?6!LBZIJ1_)V" .J1NDM:1[UYD7[A.VU'WC!:E\M6$E;"$ Z>B#;]A5=.TOOT6'-7Z.B\:>`.06^9QN@.PAA562H;/#?HQO,'%W MV&&'C+DGR?FL5#L"LH&4@=7A#]KWF5X>^X2C=># 'D-=2 M&S,Q6RW;B5F(=.*YJ^3UH#R=AK>["9M"2#VIM9\).8+VG4S1UHV0QZH+L'>^ M8VHJ+X)E]`41?+?9(I?(JK&K=N[SOG?3+TB51VC`YF]2AT_!0^#;,2'L';8P MQ$(TI3TZA5#P('=="*6,`4H$2QEC'LMLF[Q%R1*!TT:ZJ6&EE\KXJ6''&:W# ME(>F8[K8>.P&)^ML/';[%H_=AG@V5.?(K=.S( 8A%1[CG?0`%GY2%?,Y# MRTX1CX+,F&2I)-E_+O8A,V6TL*@ %/H`B@(I M8W'.0^MOR@PSWT(>OP&1;\&=[L8EV(Z*/Q5RV_3DKC04H,B.!BA*K/7Q92R0 MAZE[.XW#*-A@$GZF7^HZH)-K8E 1:\_7B/H_-J9_ MM9%GYB.L,S2@((_.1UF'U3[@GB(?.:@%L&L,W"G4[TU!78/1?NP4AU&VB,G* M&,9Z8W;K\%Z9,WITF&P9VFE`M@&K^BH$JM2B6['7"3242`80,#M&H?-XD[QH MIK!YM^+7#4%4TP\`BS'CK!SD'$;&F2'\F:& ,]-V M>9W\I&U.@J5[+F)N"T#!.ZT\B!(C+8OV(V4G*_OQ%/!R7SC"5N@#*%ZG)7X% MUJ"E+1QRX'WG!K_DB3."94C4&%#$3WLU$O$$#RB;^MTL"9"EZ*9Y@3'E,_OD M6:U!3#G&:;LG]!6''[Y&!%&IN3XB^T0`+!V#]J32]1(1I:P+T6YQ1D#QR!HJ MTZ)@H.G=+4,'W[/ V=NCR"@WP M&[PEV'91%@0HTBQ`5]H#4(Q3&THI8]!P&W("HCQ@V74"8L>X22'J`XV*^*(^ M'$`E/T7AFG[6[%_LQLR.^J4L]RJ:(D+VE+]_(B\6[6B*?2$%*&ND8BOQ"`W6 M6;3&1/I5G;2`%,34ANB$$T"IU1\Q>U-QNW;M0TIC0J1N7O5;M;SJXW3'!NF$ M8U)U;TG51U"0IY)076Y_N >VA)5B+=)&37,UCYY+` M`5F5PRQ@7!:-81AB^X=5L/LQ>8>'[%,(L_\Y1R_[\[^>%V "X]GDOW^4W.24`- MUV@_]Y#/SJN84[YEK(H!DG ]N *HQO?9\3PKSHBL:U'6CN'B_EF^?^JG8:2Y'7\F_U,!FK MCH]5Q\>JXP"JCE_$:SEOFBY%X\,XE_DPSO@DR[">9+F,,BIO35E&8\64;ZEB MRE`OSH\/%?00DP)0C$:ZIHE"NSH=NP_LZK.52UYE@1\CN)U]+?6`'$S\-BD$ MR[V$Q&W19W2V&1(G;$!#@:K&,8%?@,-9FS[O(S5#XHP1:%A4WZ288W+CTDT1 M.XLU(N*+2=KC]'EGJ1FF-9B%C3L[NTBYP,Z1":JZL^43^EI'`S1'[/,RDDE= MT&0;FE9\0,2G>LS4-Z$PHU:`N+!UGY>'FJ$I9`D:4DI+T#4*7;OQJET N=!H8J\U7I\WDSI=K2'KP_E2E="JN%)G;7N]TV1VH .[)DK)#=V;>.;]*KVX1,1)&4N8-W, 1N$R)LMN4W/*JX(8#8^2[?*831T9%P6@U*IF5_!7NZ'U=$DC F[B&W5"HA?0OQGS(C9L8P(K;L./Y7O.AS'LY(!>[[O M?\J=]$(_MRFP$E_7^T_HWP%) Q MZSFNOZ(DYO]YM]F28(>KGSE0[`MA0=70U2**BAP"P/$>^8X4K&(#"/G=-1$I ML@%`[&=K>LFME'LP]R"*>U2P -:C6#\)'HX*5!DO03,'\BE)"=9B(>!J$T6R9L_&!7?7;L_*: M GP@^T[XV% MGF?^/";V&H7X6(M4DN#";P[B.0N-+TC,"32(.-]Z3G92,V'B)9,S@: *%F8UCQYQB,D.AQ5Q:]7. 6R#@#Q`\FW`;D)XI>(VH#Y,B4-CZMTA'"0H:/2)R\**?#7PD.RR6,K!TJ% M!_*"=A!"KKH"E[#3LO]102EF>6WLOMQG2@.U4V?+I1"/^D-!B*76@:P^QT!0 MG1+LN,FEK%3[9(N>P7$AA&C;Q+N"_9;!/](AKH]6:@(A&%L'DC(G+4LW.R6C MA#T$?O8_C]C&[HZY,9+T,;5^$"*F=7!09`]:F%351RV%KVI&'^XA'-[79IIO M\"MY]T,M[R;_%JZ1Q_Y4RQT\](5EL!I1"2F_ `L``00E M#@``!#D!``#M_7MSY#B2+XC^?\WV.^#V.6N391:978]^3+>=LVMZI*IU1YG2 M2,JJG5LV-D:1B!"[&&04R9`R^M,O'GR`00`$^(`CU&,V-IVE@#O\YX0['(## M\;_^[Z_;!+W@O(BS]'__[KL/W_X.X33,HCC=_._?[8OW01'&\>_^[__K__C_ M_*__[_OW_\_Y_0V*LG"_Q6F)PAP')8[0:UP^HXL\*XIUG&/T=$#W\0LNT4.V M+E\#\I>*/_KCA^\^?/>'?_WP+7HNR]U??__[U]?7#SEM6U1-/X39]OW[JK?S MH"# \Y5_I MK[&F?9P699"&;7O*H-/^]0?6^KN__.4OOV>_-DV+6-:0L/WN]__/IYN'\!EO M@_="!T7\UX+]\28+@Y)]ST$ \[Q6BY%DN>_I_2_3W%)N?^% `H^35Z!T)^\=SN,L>BB#W'K(*NA=R_XQ'3>4CZDKN1/Z7S=$ MOH[D^&N)TPA'M>R4D 9!6-9LF/",CR'9[QOY*.59WA4R MR,.:,_GG`.:JQ>_#C'CS7?D^X6KEY.L\V]K(54F1F=/\5_*4'./I@,EQD>WS M$-M\PCI28#V-5#(7C$R)A)#&)#A]_^7A=_]738H(+>+$2*#^\+]^S_J9%T_G MFSC!@7ZIZ?_S&)&)151P&)1U4#PQ/"2JVP3!CH9"W_T>)V51_X4:SW?OO_VN MFN7_1_7G_R+NJ FH1>5&H*\Q2+#7C9,=-WW!D73"/W" MFOGP[8E/Q]?DG\40,*$A\!CHB2P=!TTKN+%P)()N/-"FB+6=/"@*''[89"^_ MCW#,QP/YQ_$P(']JO-LC87N$I/^SVT^N$H]^Z./?G'U>> OR2^0C,BC]K! MV:M4X&/#[30"L6")!&I3YHU)'! %(,C MHW(73L XTU,UY5I^3G8RJ8+>3/W(T(G;CT89&V TK)W\C)/DW]+L-7W`09&E.+HNBCW.E;B5[:&L8P!`US`4C0%L0BN) M:NA0HO>_4BI4DR%.YW;0_)0E^[0, B!SK2W1A] M$"%.Y7:TW.V?DCB\2K+@.#-%T09J7$@$[0X&H0'`".CUKOKLO"%B+>&.VJ_3 M,-OBYJQ7D9PTV!KFT'U`>/'D7='4^?&[5H[^&CU+BRR)(Y9WW!"16'2-;G A-U//( M**1"3Y=QA4B3%6+YU:Y7Y',-BBMBP^CC5_+QTB`A45-1$D\Z/:@>[_,NLJ*\ M75?B*4`?M8'Q=U)!16_7:># (J1H\,+/SLV]UW?O0[,6B#=9TM(? MA^P(4E136_=`1@/[GB:E.^.NEE7IYN/7'4X+7`RLB#7M80Q_$(#H!I2-G3N% M`4EZHZ5ICVH"S3+8S:)A.@3`Y3M.DE9R50!_U`AH\2X5M;-V[[1POW27="]9 MYK!&]: N>B9S)*A!>X#;D"8`FFN0NL8P]Q^' M)>KGD`HT*&O\%E;XK (>%Y@8RO-9&EV2U5J2[>A@ MTT\ ]'G+``-RX#.!81@6^#;&[MR1-0&?K\TZ]I1##W"? MWG13UIM]>:/]>/A]^-&;UTX/ZDS%9HR Z`[JPMB$5B MBSQ M);-LIW]4"P#EF(`TJE'E>5^5 M4/$4K'K"5CU9;Z3%O&$I4X_K&8$`KZ:H TV!/*!" M#M5@(LWK$`)5!'"QVS3Y89:KHZ0FEED=*D&Z]A%"[_+L)2Y` YHA^UO MV# O,P")L:2YV5/+V4/OY`CS'O@GRQC#HSTQ^/5@W3UX#/*SRSQ&AC0RTX M_W 9 4VQ9JG]#T]KZ"HD))UF*ZD[HI6@5">F)_DSZ@@H^W6FJ\2'H/=I059%_ M$ __4FGSO[HK!Y;)@\%38"@'8 FK+4U9:DH'7NU@+B!01CJ7_'_U MQWXOXV1/8G%+,^Y1^6'-"C`ZHSXB`;=MJ3SZD -_=D(GQ$4E/.1[C`4]1;#&#=DR=$'AS1*"6K79,4.V$F-D-7$7 F=G MA!F8X&%M?%F3*)9:3,;)VR$B%Q_6'L9@K;="6A9^;H0 #\-CLWSP:FEIO*3T8REINX3T8Y]')[I7 MNSPZ08&7M3_C>/-,\Q$(K&"#/^^W3SB_73.Q"\$E#FSZV+.!,=:Q ?*S2SU MG >+PEHK13DIJ+5XYI"*R!7U*Q\,4MZ>6;R2O!!"SS(%X2PG@O M,P\( 0SZ40 D-]"3,P)XU+W[JV[X7=6%$24@8%VW`AF2,E% M%0=/MX7S82+KOO\2%FOD01J)F;0/#Q\?'Z"'Y\4^IU>7C49IKRWD8%4(WA^S M1PV!AJY4"L4(7J&JM3=#V4SZ6FI.`S>R+X*"/CM)_^?C;_OX)4B(5,59>1'D M^8&$+#\%R5YU'F]("S/RK8")EF!$Z-PR+*3JCS5"Q*I2LW\(Y"L4E*CF@!B+ M16QGA_,XBSZFVC(_LR`,Z3]P2TX!8O)WLG@XX"!?$!T)SO(2!-\3WL1IRI)^ M%D0YN/9S-4*!UWJ+?$;(Y[A#3*1X2C!-1*AF)05T15NHY[ ?W98T!'AN M6RF%Y&GGIBU+ -RY)*FL:B)]+L>-'5F+"9Z\9BQO#&Y'=SG>!7%4% 4T MM;L\W!$9Z=MC=)VYH^ PW#Z$Y;ZO8`\]60,!)OQTE6B!$Q9]>0 M+1=W&FVN+0)GA3[RJQ;5@2+D[MI"`,^;O;4E,1H$&8N@`PXK'%B8.Z?]8Y9% MKW&B0MO^#..,C\43'6_]FW,GV^VX][GKG^' $QB*WKFU)J0== MF[&\H,YJY$AU^@XS$2A^2C"/7HDO_/@U3/9T6`ZX)C-2L#>:C6$=O=@\2`?Q M?K.A4++'A2O29G.`WGU]U]"CFL%"3\,;/)4\%AL%TASQG6VS_4(K1:,MSYF_ M$)Q#$#9IZ$NFVOT.15L8D] (J3N(QQ +R]^+>_ MW=Y XZ`G#3,LAU5[>&-!^SO'&!P*?4=VL @" M(6!0%H9TU5G :$S9P.*QH#!2T:47O!''2ENZ#.HT8_5"E:HRJU@L?)0_= MY!TG^XZW;I,?4*(>](X"V!,!8A+JVD"YS(-UR2.-X`@5Y/R;XMOU!8G#X_(J M"*D^#WP;;+@RBB$MU*QL`:P[01L0`LS5QE))INT4T^L9G!K5Y*MJOU.\T@[C MVJ:`>WC.\O(]Z6*+GK(\SUYIW32X2&0\D/-&>K$V%)QGN,1\?7Z/7W"Z'XA+ M5(UA;%\ONFCL\I;.K5LG1G\>J1JCJC5PBML\LD._5CX*1,Y;P]OH8_"UOP@: M@*J@@;58+1"9X4H)P.Q7(XUZ%!$B)%M90]O"*#`E`:,)S!T&MEFZ>211P25^ M&KA9*&T)%+2JA>Z$J/UF[@-2E0S]\).TY`$:;=MN''T*RGV^P/+M+USX%&]H MP1EMN&:.`1 F81HR:-J#;3SJ`1SM/ MPA%4@/R( %SX8YS&(G=OG&E.P>!.\&Q>98!95`PF-JH: MPR\M]*F-\I:@"XS!_+KCN+%-35YZM3$F;A^$PPU4'RZZ#]W]$=LR4# .60+))ZU0T% MKPLHTL!$#_8@N#$HH72,`[W[G)48??>79>YOF10VG.\C29%]WT/FLKJ]92ZY M?]GC=OGB'F6(6V=+2W/`S\HRCY_V)4M`*S-T%WB2^3H+/-"Z:?S8D(FEJ_8L M;0E6%TTE]%$=M.-F$'7/Y#+(BF55![BLZ:JN=GM=%/N%7HXR+!TS#P*_JL7, MA W'[[]#NV"'+UP0-]]^VW]T&.P+Y^S//X'Q9=F M]5]CAAAEN1_)?OQ%IT$WW&\&MQR1B7N\!A';@"P\^@)(`UGZF)97?G>Z[#YY MW#G0./*U)@M! +:RHQUBA'_[\`_NO M'_[TER,7IJ8">@K`3$->@#% ]\)T\%WE3]UDN.CGZ&2)- M:T2;HSA%%0' ;+JF`3H_ Q^BV784*HAUU,(75?>1FB`GCRQ4PDR>LDG!#5E.B= M0(LJXF4."HR '9%&QR_$S3HOX M!5^G8;;%-UE!"Q/>KA^#KZJ)S98+6`[Y&+!'F>4V+"#RS>WED^5P-XZC.55N M^2#."+VCK+[AI4&S-;W5!AC`PP+W:0H!5X4G,\P\>H"^L>#L4T+7CFV6._K= M&E5CR.JQ*M'[Y6./6P+5CY6+H:IAVBY$@1?0]L+##>K''`?%/C\,GK#)&L(, M9K7(XD#NMW(^B%4B])UWU;!SP@-U]WB$U&S?G3]*G!7E"GWWP[^RC?;OOONS MZX,+HRALVH?Q*8B:BF0P!H+,1E1@EC7T)?M0YHGZK3S(-IR>9;BD?[HS&_W& ML-R$^D:^QUAF?YR,9VH>7%$9R\NOA?F5>CI45%F!>9@,_%JU%HY-66_ORGE/ M*.,-?B';!A"WES&PH%*WR51UFQ,'1^84%O&0B85%JPJ]F!+[D.`]!$V=\ZVB M!$X#UXLUG+)+Z&G:*N?``UQ$>/#EB1^YNZ,A5NE33>*4+_;%EWYG3>:6D1;Z M1#[8DPJ*VHZ.*8#M1R[.L-UP.M02^F$KUG`J&^EE$_IE*SQMUT(#-8$_-M*% M,&0?O+47MB&*8FP7"V:\6UY@F0S"JWLL5FBZMAU+/PFL70]7I1^D\L?"!RK1 M#Y!X8>O#= C88NY[/MSMYENMK(TKP MFWLV*VL#,LC[?98+SNY%,R\7U)/!^;.4%J`8KJ.U%.!V8[*"UC2'M!/#Q6;7 M/KQ9.(\&XM^2N0=%NUY6MO;$%M0K9453>!O0+LADX]^K.^$&&+KA;XW"DUO@ M!O+W(MM%(=C I#.UQ5:F %,RR`L./W_H!" M^S2B"=`/]VB79YL\V$+YT!$?I>-!(;,/R3*2%FV\7??3(0;+(AK10N4H6@#K MIBT:$`)D,AI+)9FSTR)+XHAM9S2,"G2[EN:P:,HH.AR7AH T:`G"[U#%+W_5(]Y99O',KW?'5`+X 04;P`+QB,!=Z[@V#+".::PC@I MY3 S,8T"Z+=?Y]7_!G/1XS18D\IH,GNB5' M*U?@M`AHHWO\VSXNXA(_X/PE#C'7UST.LTW*N.BNW2_?+53Y4#?J[-8A7;9/ M@(*F+@!)2CXVW=+KP+J2G*SW]ZQ[)/:_0HT$J!*A T1W^=^'AU4?!/%?@ U;"A9[GXDO,_U?Q M4=QU#UAFS:%Z>X7;'/0-4PK.&3#U _)I69E":R0PR MH1MO)HO)&,88[!W] 2-0M234;D+A4@A@ M5L4('#RUG-V'=7AIP?2T 9.W]]&;_$$4ZC0K@:>A$4 MSPH=J)O#^.8A\46/K&KKW`_K!>D-GZ;Y"G6O%E,:*)]KB8'^A**:!D4X3,BX MC]ACR?_Z+5IG.7LW@?WWG[^O_YL_94S^](=_K?_T+=KQ%3.SH ?B?.".%;%_-$Q"8C9N M:U;HZ8#>46XH3K]!#4/4 %)KYZF89S0O1V^[*'KN,=L M'IM>IBL/[G[.K#;E1="9^H&]%3HKB*$KHDUG;,>QLSE!?SX]+P2GRKQ1)?D/ MNJL14N7M!.5EC ?Z-+KO+^6 M$YK`;&9:"@E^LM`:UE66GVVSO(S_858FH=<>>O)3`)#/8$>-`: R7V;[IW*]3\[",-N3"46!5T\"]?+D,(SNLY/J]@!O M3@X)(WG4KR)A*6LU$:JI8/8:)^-X"B(4X:>^_";VL`U_I8/\^V]_J(8X^0,_ M*+JL'D!\#+[V[D6H&KD=QGI1Z 3#;;Z N6Z'$Q294V-+MB';\K8%I-RJ_B4.:UGCPIW6156DA51@DQIC#! MTBP`@+,/1F,(Q8^`O])_0[X9RDM7T00(BF-/?--#MBY?B;S7VUT0YVQ7074" M9T@,E$-@!:V316!$Z3Z/P$(LR9%G0XQJ:E23KY#``"IG?1*\LZ+`)8J;=B@D M)K?!Z#T*!>!%Q0\]XR1BT681)(M>$G\ AEQLH:PR3!JB51+`4J@N;L MI*+Y!LJ?CT.19NE[!B,N\1:R=MML^@??WCNN!20 :N`XV(8!C*';0Q0M MWYS:N2NP%:T_G50,T+N:Q3>T_&Y[:%JQ\>#$=#+6BV?R7_3=Y%0\X:0!!$_J M3N+@*4[8:6=3["L(>7%OLAJ#/`+M8[_'(8Y?Z%4;U?)K@,872Y0`T1N?0."! MO?6DD1Q9UB964S,3$PBAIN`Q:!83VW3V'2.TPLL)A![.PM?I"XGRLSRVL/`. MC2\6+@&BMW"!P`,+[TEC.KP$0G\LW`3-0F*/M_`Y/H&'%EX??-X%!^J$C-71 MH_/%TA6`]-9^1.2!Q4LE,AUR-3&JJ'VQH5E!`9^NC$5WF0?K*M@/:D0[^6>" M]`OU^>X])MY+67K6@,X7OZ``I/ ^`6I1*8FU&0.5-3^V(X9K$;^7"X_ M\$2:[VER--U:8UD1(Z94%0=?C&@0Y.`T*R?WP+`&9#./]L+JK2B\\/0[=*8U M':(TO\AASF=P8*=05UE^0Y89R0,NRP3K3ONU%$`9G\,@.@F?ZN;N\SV'9.FG M2584['B3T2"!"&H!:H_C)B[C#4]_*9K&-$I;',?@8?R$C[(-(B!79"\TNTRU M$X=3PH93^SF@8I>9/\#HE.$Z%FJ\>7685Q65N4W;07S!#NEE* E%,TXG8!DPPDWLUEO=B(?NA+$_)R66T!>L MDFR_V>O\LX&?KIA7]5`HT8:![P5J9&['G-KC@C3S%:*!L=19D!K5:_#.$NE1 M;#%'Z2@M(Z\LTP"R@85JN/ABJ8,BVEILP]"OHBVSP9?A@]_L? \GBH5?M.5B],(`#PV2:$Z-)-4&$S]O@:DV071-O:_;:F M@?#U_J6F* ,XG(/^FIBSY&>[XLXQ46!"_:N M"8W7JE]4E>[M6'@2OQC`U$8P&GKX&&90.*/IL.72O%/#EAPU*V_B&'NX9T(` MT]Q58BZ>>DSV#TQ:O`0)4TJP".+1L8Z;SPN^)4G"L1#CJ+@BEGP9LP4?=9:W M:PE^_KO:18UB!59G;33LH_IKUGP@ZK*-%%*V.F&L$%4G$IC1D:T:[#5/L&IN M A;2L52\7@Z/+QG.\T%B$:TO M1^DS#C_XB+1=^8L.GIWS2PXQ!N)Y8R[@V=\V8!49X28L(+/$S>4;F*#?B8GD MWU0Y(";G5:Z7S]-``SYJOB``'T_Y)Y^E^G^J/^TTW^-3_/E.[[W*M[%#R@*5 M/0='_J_&YG&NS56 ?;2_RD3*U1MX??WI4"4.WA=AJ#;M1*)!G:M:(4[TEDMT5/ M69YGKV0X>;!!:0_DH05": XOFAXNS8Q!TU[&',8!"":@[*Q -R*M#Y7"?2P'Q8D]+A1XF7 1C8R#QN!.-PY***;J;;PKESD77? M3_O.MEM:AJG,PE\1:9@6=,];5@G?U30[L]C02PDNZ0,5U"JNZ-#YM)"0`!I> M1PA$GBPC>A)9A*75Z&/$/JTAAC'5;9U7R9DJ>,?@8Q4*D#0;,J$213T'A9FU M&Q"")],,0%+DSRBH(%-FM"+IZRNVI,N:_*BL&#M E`,$Q^S>N]RN+V-Z-)I&A;EG M41'!>A4]%)E'D5.`>1.=.&I/0EQ'0[;RRHM8X6F:HET0]VZBP,38@FM@B7*2 MM`&#(,2("WS\;0%6%8T;L`"-S8WE&Y/=:I(A`A$#CP?M9W*HN1':,/`]#4UF M>N;4'J>=S9=NYE5RJ!W23G+HNL&F3@YUY4CF0R>6FGNWK[^C"5:'>\/K-0[+ MV_7'KR%[Y?.>1#JW*;M9GK*+.Q_;Z_"JO44K%D#[RB-@=G:=+>C=[TE;"] X M+=83]&=B`^2?[0WS-))LN5W&19ADQ3['`V'E=+9P"\$YU'&\.)S"$V3!.%U@ M>61'^9*1SSD+%1?HFDIZH[ME#Q[8+J07PNX]TT9 JO7L;#D#G7_8@.P=@YN3N3\!L99.-1%YO/4>41V.F`I QM6 ).IER&DN803F' M&L1A.X6?\X$]7=C>T& ]`H*&O$>(,55UI`(0.P`1U`56GZ(ML^ MD=4%NPDV,*?H28`,V`!&QT`U[=T;X*`P?0.K2)!(X\>,T@?3KE$'YPY#8F\& MF0;:P'"34/HP\)1B&0W!SCZ*#YY\;H"0)_#TYLTY?1B,ODN%T\+HX'V`".B\ MW0A*YYA=2^'^=-U`'/F]JO>,"HED7KCMUBS8%;%&N'N F+$TMU)\ MF%*648S*-\SW'FF>1?NP/$O(0H1*1!8T9T6!R^OM+HAS^I Z*)&.VEBGF:'JJEU+!./+5$Z 4&";&MX,F MAO)FE,XC=ANQY%>B$:?@3R[ZL"BM'OVA0A'[8/]5P3'?4K3D`3@8;8'VQJ0I M`YBA:2>==H2R:9'_H>+CV\;CW(BE:;,`N=3&J9E:"N#L:K.$2DUSN'QKXW2_ M3B*P#[Y M)O!E$6L>L:^_#,!IR0NTX\LW%3@(#&513>3-Z_K_'T2T/ MUK+T+(I80EJ0M'"&#N+',(+;4!\'^7@/W8X+R+;Y&!&E.^4U(]1P\L*3$]%V M61$D/^;9?E= >[0@UG M)# A1F41O*N1T,SM/?I9M:8`P2 ]L5O2X "/ M`=_E]`RI/-PE`3OCI!6N=O1`DD@U,*69D8(5A3:&=50)>I`.HORSH5"RPV=& MND*,F!T]-^3^'/XI$9K/'G8L/!N5AG.%#;T_H]3 5;TL'WQ[%\[@\:*JM0^# M1W\8*&\*/'P&CZCH^/$J/!\AOVK\@UT^LX)@(KD[ R9#&_34M8R#UK:Q!`I!+6(92J4=-7(\:7(^:]GK5!Z?7 MJR9#Z1M`._E"W)N:']!\]S%Q6I`!Q1U.J;W]K&H) #.:.I$Z6 M_C8H;XV>JN:HOG;L]IKC*)GKYHO MJ=CMJ`5;I\T@_7R&EA'3Q66 MC6,`1J( MU!\1'2(39[RL-;K!,/,XU\XK0Q2^C'3U+*-O[M%8'W1_W8$"/O7,` F(C:CB+(W^AJ--YU4(S41ES\*]08^%65NX+3V(R8\34K7) M.\C&J2>8&QL2^+!-^8J3;T=2,MSF1U3&U#"[UI;@Q.UI0U+G^]!6 (^$T MDWA+S^;PE@/41A\HLL5L1[ -";VT'_,H>-,=9J\-"[>I#O,! M4MO-PKD/VFU$!_@`7W7.MMNXK#=W+EA!D@U.0ZLGG.UX`+W7/`9HYW%F&P;N M7V*VETY1K%+@Q$9IPZM$-W'P%"?^;-49@1Y:0]DR\7CX:E=7=AS\',!#KE8 G=WU9(O30O#E$ M!/2PEQ&4SL->6@KW#WL9B--_O$ RSBR('S-X&7B8#*JFG1F HP.G0?DQ[#:0Q"Y>#%?J2":SUA6'/P:C(:SE@6Y M-T/4I@B:.%H[`]2KJ6MNI$J[!`P>\8:NF>[Q+LL-DA'4S8%"PP'Q.Y&@HJW[ MP$\K2#]HX,T+=+M&Y_5KU3XX\F, (Y;Q"9$U%QCO,!*LZ"DL M63CW&J/DZPW1A@L2 V@QDT_E.0_:8.'\!E'^P3_%"1[_II 9V+*Z[.`UVL(Y"\T8712`Q'Z`^%0H=HW00B1=TE*JH^T4O=* 8#X14H=BA$ 2V6W36*-"'6;P2]W:M5Y+%MN$4 MCD"1P'0E=&*%\>S W;2VT`V5JP@4!A`YY5^5Y`'4NY#SB?\3DH"?#; M=?M N>$-J9&U3+TS(%L&MB``R";VV3"+' M'?E7>!A..=>10"68#\/HII.KVP,DCP\)(\DH%DA6B!.A7ZK_!=\R'('H/"AB M=O1U1R2J%Q*0=52*,$CN SVSV\Z# MHYO1LL,-XR\%":(^%F6\)6L#U1@^;@0S@.6BBJ.WV\+YT)5UW_OVI!$-IYMF M_D43QC!N!1B`(750/-.[8N1_:!;]2Y#0G7[#V-J,%BC(M@'6B;9-"-V'W>92 M]>-O0L3O:-)_".0^QC"3@9Y)@/IF7_>X*/,X+'&D@VNE(5.6/EFCG1J&C=2, MGR>V:R.LC4FW?-$;,/Q)6CI2!9P7^!3DO^*2OLWR@,-]SHNYO@1Q0O]TE>4/ M@?B+UOK'L8*Q^BFP16L?P\>YE8\7LC=N6U:HI5BAAMO[=9:_+X*CG_TSZ:55 MTFH$$6Z(LILMY^2"#N^TK/:\;] NM#Q`"55LW MDDI1"`^O$*-FCJ [HBH)1&, M[HCMZ#+'S-3,R6&,S1:>:&ZFM,X-SDZP_F-I%3DQ,,J`65[#PD>KFQGOF8@7 MSO)^S++H-4X2(LYU6A*!8Q)FGA4%-CTUM6$`8WWV$$7[,Z=V;H&VHO7&9,V` M&5_+`G$>/AKA;)`A%U)=N A0$=U-+*$%!WC35`!+#8,I)( MLE+IV0TG? A]F&!-;&ESL-Z*!N"QD"ZMX>&B`"N$UD))$D[Y+1(8'0OXL:,X*;M]!1 MC/-KEDA"EI \4L0Q, M?3-"FMV$[W&! \`B&/C530'-5VM3.J1D5=DX/'J1!SW#0Z_3'8B M',B=F##;XL?@JVE:EZHYU#Z,7OSN-HR\+ DO9\[+R/!@.8, M9SF.-^G%/L]Q&G8?5$HC]I\)3WLV,XL)_(!RBZ -PI)@`L*7>(\?@D,%J`F!#`&.PQ!M$AU:^ [J@1ELYJD"6OZ M6[RC.$$E/H\&W &% =1_.#.C2?J(#N8?I( M9@"'[),DE14]8OQ62."XJF8YSK3-X/*LM/_ !'G$KO') MTMH^?B7A*2$D'4`N-IMG#FI'=1;^MH\+!J@X/PC_]4BONJM">&LVT.][V,&5 M/^IAQ@/P)0\;`;7/=S2SF,AIA9X.XA^( ?8U5)7.5K6&#/87P MLDCOJ"E8F">50QT*= ;PMRRA$4Q!SX?S7 A_@L87W62_K!*FBV7*"W:ZS`RG=KC%@` M;M98R*?=JZGY(,8(M9RJ_1GX2U'S8+X*XIP]CLI>N>&5+^I%4 :X$JQ-W MSFI@69J_4UF@G0B`XN6NR*$@@`[-.4JM6Q3YL,**:$T+;@@I5)5(2)1I)?I/ MPD65 @M%G*TF%N:U7VD[7XR1B9OW@M\X2]D/T8 M?$7G.,7K�ULU%F7W.O01X]E`0\3UPKVF?#Z >G37*B.N*J? 3AQC?-O [+H@Q2 M>L;AL6 RI9S-6B97G&N3JGV O63'#V8F7G+U_2N)P4"L_ >2?RR=5[H=%:/X[H85T=QQE^>&'V(L%!!_QK.R5D+HJGX%S,2,%?&;# M$%;OQ8T!.IC'-XR$DK_#04A96,"(455(T1_SFP!/1+1"GS'@>XBM$^'BG.-U MEN.FR.4E^9^BC$,"LBIU9SF!C^0*/6%/4H9\@A[%$G!"GB"O=@*N#/F),:[_ MBQ5[K9DSJZ\K*_IC\,NHIE+`^;$Z >,Y9 MK1`B=95A5B64C4B9M>0([2=&*T&=OFK%#C@)=82L@ZFD51YCZREHAF*=N?BN MXOR-EWYA+I5TTSGO\NPE+NBF)G^K2_`00ESNK9_XN%YCNEYH/>4]D9D^OY*& M X_(5 MXU103J.5V[16E#JP8*GA#V50[HE?.#2T/OB12[S&>8XC(A._DD1$%>XA6;H0 M2V[0WF,4>+GCL&(%Z#-&R*EU%S4_-JBK2VW!T5TV'SW%''KH!A0=39P'"7U& M$#)4X!F+0LC4J7,Z:-/&Y$!&;`FO8[6&M.[-U$HP99)J-\COL/#)%J>!_3&G MM7N_I#E_ ;FVML(^,R3O8T1\,R/+?C!CVWC@*O",IM M6$'&X_9RZD/QBA^ZP]7-SQ5B/-D,6W'UR:)GU01'>B8@[>B#UOXFD3EC[X.Q MGX5AMB>AP.>LQ,5-%K"G;ZJG.M(-64_@^,7.X$=PA#;ZT4J0&[XU.T#C'RFK MU@'4/%>( J-MIIPQ6[&\?/RAM@;*QL-3S2F8ZAG M(E1O3M&)QXA+?!._X.@Z+0F6F'P!OFX_/WP*_I[E%TE0#"]J)S"$GEK'JD`^ ML]IR`YQ8QXFJG5 ,)VJ9UOM73P?$^"+&V,L`>R:ER.O_]S3B@POX, RL4SO7)#*_.R&AD709X? MJ'V 81Y]M+_#08 DN_*EGGR^IK)HRW'.,=SN,LBL,F)8LF)=V1?S7E668K M'W!))$UQ5(E,>?-Y[CJM_G3[E,0;?NDTC>CO/`@ MKB#7\> VC*3M/*[1VX+4HM\&_[O.)3K :;6ZC)VMS04^R--6(Y=0O/00"-2]SJCI_#;YA"^ MUMEUVO%4_#YNI[\Z+Y'V".[R3U)U7L2P?56-=O&S /5.=0CB(XG .'#3RTZ2D0K1]SZ!PFU,L^\86: ML[# T)'!8S I1U3G*J6U[LLATKDA^N;)_+B)TRVHUM&%-W36J?6;=.;^S#3U)P.MS6'7O MY:JCNXE?/CQ\F+ZE.'OH)[S_-O[,Q(@)>"!H`541#QIP@`P+C =MQ`] M/VZ8`+E]G$:TRAKKEX(F+0H'!'^+B67GX?.!ED]GC7BFLY-@KUM9XW9]@U]P M\DB8X1;UWW"B7[HMU8E?H=TT59E$=.-Z\"Z0FP+#/G[+N[5A2+.$]H=*VF$G M3^69].EOU+:,UE3!VE%%'9I=RK3&.NSX*]HGN(,&4YY*3S_T=+2`N[[+,X*/ MWJDF4\9U^H*+DMHD[;G:0[!PR_;,(-WO6.A]-VO+"=B=CA-7ZS9WC"5[%H>& M'G'#E'M'7&U'>>(9YU8`3^>@"JAXHI8I-^)Z/\XO)^=>#^_N'J[OOFG401_S MP1OZ\X+)SG=94>:XC'/VELYG7-:[I4(.]XA4YS%L?4AT'J\.=9JS/4]/DIS' M"FZ6XKSK M\5/6;WA"7U=K/^-DS5Y!\ZCZ5;-OV>0V]M,H;4M9CV`)O5 D"\3X\]#$+ZNAV4$=7$AU!%D 06[ M.XB*;`HA9#78:%->[;!J3D8)I8`?)+2*82W39;8-XN/]!8/VH,-%#4`R9OJ- MH0:.2A+UZ#GKC!Y.`U>O;QR&P`3#Z"W2*L_GYV 3?F[BLEI`?,+; M)YP?0;*@ $C&B=;B_.@`8UQ(A1HY8 ^GESKSRIFO-ZPV^/PX8R` MMX=94Q]S7NAZN`OX'?8`1'&/=T0ES\'0G3]+6D@?8PBL[UD&"(']B9%TVFU: MS@$)+-"Q$0'YC=/%9NP?1D+LP[HE7:*;H"BK#-#_P$'NQ5G4'(5K9N,*??XT MN33-3"S]J*8U;]4"LU(I_M8JF%$OIU/[I$I0))XLRTN6)]E4T#\_5#^:>P5+ M;M#>8!1XN1>P8@5H_2/DU$_PG`0U#)'` $U>DO=E_ MZ O^!TCPOZ8O7'KV0$I$%RL2]*XF-S]A!NEF[8VR+U MBR(_XFR3![OG.`R(V\&!;?0S?X?0KG`I% J`/PC$.V:^6.P;L I8G>EH1@>0Z6@#J,ET-"&"R70T METQV@G#\*#QBU,VX^N`VSW%1+)!YCB W9H.-SG T=%$E@,T0/L@)D`Z^QTZ`O?[&L/2]% A^^;8\:`L0IW(9CLP@.%W3Y+_Y` M:+4H`*?7/W 1ARD]&W]]4$;CKR7S9_P= MRZ0 $F ^**"]K3 MNU?;!0,B520Z+\*:!2^:3:OOU%SHTU"`$:L7,-U-S!?48M,RYS?GXN+7P8!0 M2P$S$1N`$"=@37/G$^^@+/WA)5(@2N)-E- IR>-WY//7J*"-5^1E4P(8WVV8B/:&O'F]"(G MH,E9:UP0?:65?;2AW F%Z5]5),U1$$?= M"6_)P:LRN3&"D_:>3'1+2@^ZPC_':?A,YV*[9?X1F2?+,P6 ;7[L""B!PFH-&, MS>I&;)5V)`VH#-H#):8-`>@DJ:D:NT]8TTO23PEC:;_US>PF00PD2)D%PVH0 MA#LCZ" @%, ' M>Y",[A#?+%J7>-(]XIN!.L6#UV]OU$6+%UUR@Z$"7&; :]D#)ED,`.BF6JL;N$ROUD@R, M,$J!&A(H.YD!0ZS"X,X"&JFI0%6);P5@>5.8 T-/+D/`WF2^>Z6QDH8`N MF3_C7P9GR!9$&B_LHB^0J8VLJC>V$2?VR60,0-$WPAD:///3"A^_AK@HZ$L0 MZZR1C59KOQ+_(%DRF1*Z7W/;0:K7W&94(&MN&]%Z(X ;D-9M3($R6I)_ MW?F;TS7W'*C8BRL$0=. _5>M0"P:>W0A50C2Z&-JC M]N=^J$(TV\N4G`V=`4ET6W$"V^Z8"RO:-5!Q 3-,(J-TE.ZH=)7A'_4&)6]OZ:K*/2 M3?R48%ZNOGIMM\6LT)8="QBS'`-3-$P;>N>F:2] Q>>/C3MLYV:QK-V++RS4Z.8UH;>)SLUC?6&[-2G MP'8&N`+"@!'2>A3 XCFU]-TIM1&O'PF>C5$>U-O2>&J4VVK,S2MC0=@:X M`T8IQ^ GD;6DIW*=N&8BC+6A3 M4S65;5:($"YB/#MVEO@QC;0Y7,L`6B'2+TU]/`\(9;A,;,T!/I1!7H)`/,>; M.$V71EEF1`X0?(^T9[#DPJFHZG6/EXY;>/?X;$N?'/V'[,1W"B/O'/P`9$.G MK^#BTT2@%='6$,4'LD5N'IJE'6X16*`!MD`E2'I]2W)0/T3@4[U'$ M+72:0:\*GZHR$0^6XE^+7B FW`[U&W!=8 MN[R5:"GF_ MI)`#*8]S*13VQ IK^+&/%1$1Z1L]([8+6E+_]JJ.89GN3M5T7NU'=86RWH&JR7W [^4:;."*6VD3[B+.8USWV2%( MRL-'+H %\X$OZ[Y?K94W0A_E7][5&#:2]?$YSJ/WNX`F M,.>5W&M,(MU=$`-."&?A;_N8!'F:%)9S$C3^/ @W L5,UA'G'3B^-9B!$P:%`KW'Y'* JM-\O]?G.'QF M?V5'Q6A'Q'X."HQV.0VXX@(5^Z>_T^)#94:K\Z0;C*(];8U>N4#U HG6X4/A\3P84+@JV T MC,O#736X[NC84D0AXUC!!--38(O1]A@^SL/Q\4+V,T8J5DC@M4*4&W57S?8K M9[A"-4O$>,+DR?B"'OB>V(QJN.O.-.SJ0,/4>U=V$13/=T$ 58'=6K63GX9GU@*R#9]>) M]`QLA6J^/I7FFE\;7]K*(N_)XA>X")?$?W4"I;.$=4[^7&=[$=S'QZ#FOG$, M;V_"D/&*&0A.[!G[$+*,E=HPD.FN,5#;09LZ27U'[RC=F_!F-OT "S*Z>YYB$)^1^#KY _:/D[%Z1LH:MI,H.G@!*:'0>GG\S`K M5'>&2&^H[>[$)A-[E;4:P+4&2J*!B%&SJ#F0:F!T$H(,%*M3>!D799R&+/;M MW^2P(W6?HF`+J\Y8,*4#26"P$\[4'/G;@@(+Q3V,13,08*$M:CW2RR*VQ'Y: M4/]JB!VEMU:DO1QA/MB6O`DRQ9*LX3E'I\WX@?^"HQU&= )8Q@NJ+`31\D(M,W3& MG@\5S9,R1)RC4V ]V. K/',EYX: *$8:"J&OF.7AWA%V#:^#&:'; =%NFPO0;] ?L M"I,YTMDZ`?.J,R-0NUBAHU7GQ(.$([0S5)+>$.D.5?VM4+='5'>Y0K13Q'J% M=KI+JX_[I*+,PE^?LR3">?$O")-^%GI>S\(!^X/ H#>GR. M"Q2G8;*/ DK1O3\G1L7+0/![!-55J=@M4)KZH1?J`6SFJQD'8F"-*K9 M%)C$70P*B@D6+'8QQ)FR*?,@+8*PR2(H&CE+^AP3HL\Q4>8T 41#!U,%CF$U1Y!'5_XE(&53V*209N]]G=:H["Y`>(S2!9H81EJ["! M0\8C^P @U5O4VR+RL?9YNS-1B/\?H^7H^L9@( MKW8@8@K7T T"^L+\";9_=44,UCH\+O0`_H'@O8>3NW_M'] ML[G=GOLOYK*G*J#?Y&12:*\.=EH`?F'U!4#A9YBOK+U:4GUGT&MZQE*"/S/Y M*?@:;_=;[8@\:@,S)J6"BJ.RT\#YN)3TWK]]R=L`C\TY)'4X/N-T>'QVVP"- M3YF@G?$I-G`_/ON]][\Z;P,]/F>0U,M5D2JXY1$N$?0LC>X(3/H`L2;^6[1' M[U=.8Y4X @/[QH.\0;`D?A M8T1>H(#0' N#55U;D,/288'Z);1P MCEH:Q` =1Z:N"XGG:!6!^G M:#R?]]3LJ\V[XFQ?/F 'L'\=KA"O,=F M4[A`;:=0-VU 6Z^ZT'91*?4OX MJ>.^3M9=R8&X\5IUW^R!>];[J;LO0VWVO5A'%>M]N K;DMR6ZT M\.W*YCDSG&^KC)>Y/X5QMR?FY2S5.8NW,^SS=+R>%:`EO%][#1P)(HBO%1(I M5JB2X^3\X#3]7M`KUT%8[H.$7]*AGI'OFY%V*W3`00YX':/9;,+Y2QQBN9(^ M9^D+IL78F3X*5MM._/TB*\K/6?D?N&P+L2N^PH+]P?B^Q14H.KW%.G/N[19& MTK^AS6YGAZ*#H]>9FYO)I)MXRTJ@DRAEC6,:I1`7EN.DKHN^KV3A IESS*JC8->:-9A(3D^W:2T,NG_X,F+, MGD!@7J4._,1UGD;-!)W1/]WNRZ(,TBA.-WQ],G>,8-W]B07J(]4[2\!NV??I M!.ZC@"T1P-_6$3L7A264- GF7K+*EQ0$A:4],*4Q#=+ M3FZ-`Z:9-[#2X2_@765Y]2=)K@60#&]L1:13M)-5DDR`M[-R4J/39,YP(90W M.%CQP"KVY*)4I?&[4Q45A[3D`>F]$)!6KTO2G6-!JC>VIK)0_,\XWCP3[N\# M,AL$&XQV7$%QRC>24$;^CEZ?X_"YLY#J+Q]07'2 E7235:M:I!?`[,SYE=7+ MZ)RO"]@LT+EQ:#)'JWF#[:4A/F]T7%1E=,26FO32ZCRQY%VB'>\314VG,"FG M[I36F6QE=["JV?(Q:W-9J_/HJDM4]8DNEU6:QM6[U=W=B&&T0MLL+9\A:V2- M7 +56Y;]I*)NMJ_*1D^;5TW6$M^LU MF1#2C4-'V.WR;3A"F1J7=(1B?R?O"/M@7#O"6H(WY0@-U-IUA(U_>_/.D$?. MUZS\^W455\_]5>1]G)B[TREJ%O\FZ^!T')I:^B4\6+5RY=W1W3?>X ZYQM!Y$>T!$?R86X7?,;ID0$V3Z@IJW[W;Q!P>L].65#D)VU M`6FD!ZAT8JZV+6[7]=5D2N-T>\M_R;5WJ,>*7VT[=G)T`:?\J@X\CN3>AY[2 MIX5J)6-*##-)VT$39U\S2N?3JHU8O?'7$*MKX54,8-Y9=P0.^-WT22A%;)VC M#"S_ YFYF'N :O3BZJ)(K\J4:>Y9WK!B9^Q:M 0 M[1BJ?>A6 J8O?_>YV>SJ[LK:80&Z`MX*@^U,\=)JLY$83U;X2 M.X5_:2C?F%^\C%_B"*>1:Z_8[? ,-:C+?G"PT4 MW&@AJK5PB'%RBB7.9(JXCXM?KW*,KZOGVUUY0'F_;\`#ZA2ZF`>4=7K:'E"- MR*4'I%(@*@:JY7@[+M!"P[3I^S550URK(9>HX41=H%@;R>7 C=HXISP!GUKN*J7UR[ MRC;L/!W%^E]1?UB+P#/(4?7J-/03]S-K5?=8ZA(]^12IS**TX1AE4C>>1" TP M]OU(*YC'XWR247NIP4C0_XF^__.''_Z(WJ/_B?[PW8=OOY__]4:^!GG-](8A M-``RC)Z(' R8R?MSW!F P.;+3W5+;;? *\TNLVMGMH !72L:B>N6H ML_61:HI:*U)]G*BW^[+;N?9VO2[?@+=3J'$Q;W?4WVE[.RD8I]Z.2?#FO)V9 M7M7>CFOE+7F[^DEFX4&>ZN4>%]]#U_L;\('#REW,':J[/FW/.(3+J9-L7R87 MQ*G?/EO$8?)J8A]3;3&1?U*%$R+^W^ $?X"',LC+__X$DD]PCC=Q MFB[]%5S'#=9?0-!2]>RLJ*VS$OT'#G(Z7H'#B*>9%-173/WHT1E_\^@>TU0: M\K/P>CF]!O"=[O/Y(!U@&.(#?$68`B\:3!CC"VZG+E_JZ&MY424P:B1&@LCP M=Y>\_6+-JW!Z!=[$:^AKG,Y4V"%I(HDJD/!CIA@2\9]ANC#[3'!SAEZ^-SYQ MF(#W :,G!?XK M_,V?%)S")WC;)P7&7Z!_4B!J*WAS)P5]Q>A",">;/M8BO8%-GI&?8;%-'4MY M3GL39Q18I[Y;ZK$'EHUO8H4XSZ KOJW$%E)@T +8:>?%T,N=%"NQY1*.)T MO/2/I&%9+/4PMZ*3T_3/ M:`CF;:LWJ4K@!U*=Z)0UPLT+\(".G:X_^,/ME_N\>4Z:BR4L3IJ%B=)YCV`$ MY*!'0^XX86LN[AWM2!$7]0!U7X(3@'KB=#;]-+^K[-F9[W*&Z'1"3V'_9-$- M`DD_IQF`*A4V9PS:Z^3DPE`%`A?.D_:YZ`:!@S#)5'T_X8)N\)(U, ?N_RVA+[WTW1AELI=:.=3U_7)N3LK7.YV22%.@%QOGX[0MU1'BK.? M)C5VYT=J[(DHK9.1*E?=Z X/0Y M1P%2Z\T6Z)M-36BVN@#]JJ4,I^E:1REZ@=T,,P%.SL&.0.=Z"_G-NMDY="]L MYKY97\NWB 3[%G.YYFD0GYZ_G@+NH`Q?V=)O7 M= #_=^FJ[ =L MA (;=;33M*TZ>_3;F?8NGO35]62]?SY/M;R%)?'I%IP3I0]??EM4#$_N MO#G`"'B@Z;B*W80"1!#?07]FI];=T:'G"AUPD"]9]V!D6:#3TJGD3%2AV=-9 M8%BOU53J]F4MJ9;O-! 1[]S[\]GL=JET MD\W;G%?4*U8_YI4Q\KVI>67\!W(PK]@+]U;FE;'(X>85_?X;R+)O\03-I3^> M?,?N3 [?Q&43(XUVM'"VV>3L MLO6Q/M[FQ9)9%?2F+I$,;QTTFG`R7TR0YS3GD\D?P.W.IT*8DYN/)B+U9&=3 MZ:7>6'0_^K-H=RZ-M7?R[EQ8'7GASDWD>5/NW/P#N-UP?./NW!2I)QN*;MVY M!YMA$YSY&+6=CA_7WM1D/UX2O%=!G"_IO:VE.$V?/5+9SJYZ]T4X.?\\"A_T MI6_6!%'!$)7LM"/K>;Y` 7 MD]4Y=1([FW5]FB[71JV+7OJ6]'MRSM4 /5C]M=DATP?L#Y2QQBN:(N@N+Y'H ]LK6G?>+P-(@ MEE :V&_.QT_\QA\/ "'2&ZJZ0W5_I^R,9M`>5 0/TR.^)KU,,%'VU5[FD=Z7+0GMW['@=*HYUFPFT5\3Y2%>]H_$]'=U]>M MVA!W.J&X:@NZJ[9":+>K5FT![;7:EBG$/1N:Y\BZ9J>C>)G4'YD/A]+?N7[5 M>UZM>JMVG55O\\INNR^(;M?UBYD_+: 4R/GMCL]"4E$\_]PY=/6/.FQ``-3!AH!$0,Z;0$SL,S`VEZHZNEJ8(D1H7N MT0/Z@G[AI/\) V,SY6P;-LC]MV?CI[Y..0+;%1SB5!@BB(R8)*(DR[C=[( M -L^SV_8: @R62UK_IN>W?EELJ0\$ ML;7VSS1;>W/U;.3FW)N]F.;HRZG?+!V86=[B)-)=Y?HWB5C+]]8FD9$?"&++ M\9]I$AF%W*--RW_>262>+_?3R-7)VY]#6!*H+Q/&L3!O>W:0JQYB*NA*\F;] MO@RF5TZ>9V3_\[ASHP\B35/7W708?=OH+L^B?5B>)?$F99#2Z*PH MZ5\N2+\;7#S2PD62_'U;!N[O!HV#6%_YL:,&N D*N8H*#FPHI6!90/ MBAM&*.2 C%.=L]O9C$* W)9GX*LL1VWIA)WV!#*QB0XA00JC0+P&A@[4`"P3M>*=$Z(8A M.),AF'UL7V;T.0,+.#6!/^.["V%HA//67HUQ422[41XQ2C_&N1$*Z4B_7!"% M\O*54RBCS?9B7Y39%N=G29*]TA3\0GK94-_4O:D.B5T;J:H=B'GJA>D71*F: MH[;]LO G2OLVHG)OX!9@ M:@LW(`$Q **3UR=1;(A!6/@T0*[BFWOL`,_1)J-Z/0[7\%NI-G.+K M$F]--GI,F,`OC\VA6F^G-AR\6$:;BCEYNY'R0XRAIWNK#@&[.WEF\0%Q'3D. M]WD>IQOZ_$-:J,Z&U U010)T86@*XR_'[ M,OC:A`M$JGU24ARLPF)_]4`?;X4SB:LXC4M\0RNQ7A,_F6YB^O@)->/B2X'7 M^^0F7JOLPY`6QEBL@(F68T3HW(PLI.H-24[[GA&CEII[ZV*%.`-$.4`9V11X M9]LL+^-_\%0&?LL"K;. 1;9NGRE)?.> 1O9HL1 MS_ >*XB+;/L4IKY2 4]CK=/>Q((4X.7S,IF9.[C0!LX=>1G0@,2ZYD+ MUAMA-2DM:5G3DG\7)?'N`C5[R(_,#-S3DT%&=Q=9/L=SED1XH9?-5:'>\GA= MWS>?B(J'%G%*0.&_'GTY>C^+L'D?A+_MXR)F@..4+%YQ`?19!^II3M##O37R M^=;0F&B!F.@&WZ[KA"K>U0-1I6R],D``L#8V@M"L@[6M8=:\!B+UH]J&B`X8 MS+,`FV%2$$*WR]B)&&[7;29CA>%A*0P#ANSH (QV- M=67V^ES\-KV,"^)X`E5$:,\&Z!F$D7`[KQQ8\G#_B,$H`?MO%/"!ROF@EM$* M- V!=%9[UF,DQ=F:N,S'X*O$+UMS K;@X3Y`R)+P8SJK;.@Q:](+UQU#9'O/VJ M61Q`S;_6"*H%`-_C@!SMM']JVNPA)KE9*S$;T4+9@06PKE$8$`)8B+%4DL%& M:>N8E;\>IIIF8*)W5^B`@_0I,#_6,R3"04X+517O:)CTS0JE&'"V/`X,AKV& ME@+&5QB`$#V$IKESOS`HBSSL;->O#U4$!NX#ED`";.\C(0EQL0\!,3N,D:<> MZ?(P5!2`"3EZ$+V [ MID*8N'\V;VI=ML-Y0-.=>%ABEF"G(H)-L]-#D27;R2G`4NYTXJ@3[QHJ5`?! M%6$O3 28976\B$5'.]F0QFY-UJJ1XQE!CR&TBE>C]?:'CED`; M07(Q=(.D:3ZAQL12HT5:CF*XN2\CIE^*8JBM!Z-&6^U`/FY`*C:X0#"^4$.0 M!E%PCU]PNL=G&YR&![HZ*`H6XJN+-AB1`11PL(#3%',PH($I[&`L6+_>`"-% M%2WBQ$B@1IS\@]N*#TL"`JP%`0'+Y6Q'T*=!4@GY@/.7.,37]P_:]^,'J:#F M/B,PW2E02P(P$QK((S^O)53-6*OHT#5[2Q[V)?F9(;TCE-_,?RG[@M_QH?OA M%T&>']993HMU%N TH?-X4R-%;_34 M;5'5&#BN7$1TAX]7$">-S]+HAG21_/_V>5Q$ MQ/T#"R;R]%]"H%2L8@VC0R(AL'TX!.2PRDB6XWB3FDP+\J9`-40T8G=*ADC: MN:\0HA2B7Q"$-_5D1EA` I'C*"[%N$QS4*EI#S/&!P&(`UW9V/EH M'Y"D_]1*\!5Q@DX$#7YN* 8Q'%R4$ M/N* 2HC&\$7"L,(^L MTY/E;C0U7F6-`)/F>J+V$N=N0&NPJL109%^(#6$2Z,SDY$ET-]/*GNH'X3E. M\3HN+^,BS'$Y/![E[0&'I@Y`;Y3*&L,.6+5$JC%!;ZD_ J:K M)H$UX"&Y))'%.L%A6;#1$P@I0>R&,/DCO6A0GZ?%N$"O $VV6L\ I,6: M/? '*'QR-OE?"A`Q!SL6M7Y@+'&&`&`>>(BV` MHTQ0S07@=3ZW7\^-ESC+\>W3W\ET9.\D.J2>^0@)+",7(=#YYR%ZPHT88K1\ M>58Q\ ]3@CIJ!V;Q4W"/[[K2!M&6) M(,JOS[\\_=)/F,:+F%$N-)P'#-5&;EH>L&T,9GPV(M/2?FJ11QO4EY0LR\H\ M?MH3,ZU.FC]699$D@NN;NS AW];&>@^B-S0H`N.F*+Y0I'A")9H8(E&`9I=&S:!&;_ M6H&/QO[QZR[FONB20+&W_1Z];ZY``=#,,QP1>^0HI))9&EW+`S$F_MF?&4IB MCLP&N35^OKTYNLV#&RX^6N!/0;+GV_-)DKT&::M>8S7)6/AFAVJ89J;8I_?( M&E7"61IDPP8U?'R;W9=#ZFT08`SYP2H:0"^-#@+5UW9X1PVO ZRV0+LW&\S)79_Y\U.LOYELHJ^V7RFE7S55RN!;L=-!*FYZ=O& M!BB"C(&F0JR6)$( ;537FS\!K:>E3[B_.@ MDEP?=[(N&G4W?O$/-B6K+\=!@2\Q_]_KE+^B\&67I?QI--;K[;KGZ.3)2Z.9 M@>0`3H0NI`:.Y`25,3A)7%D^'6.$WM4LOV&O :$G%50^R(D*KM/ZF17*%@E\Z3FE)((#2CA ^T@;G/W M0P[9DV,'*=IC^[?15)_6(U-2`1LTJF-"/\Q++I6YH?7G):^,SA!>?:N'767@ M"^M.S,$-#OB%$0I0@&9^HF!(#/CBB#&TWLLC@Y0P+Y`8BJ5XNX-96\?,G)T9 M&#W8,Q;=3_V] _FVS>Z/TNCRSX(@RUD8TKW.T*6H.KM'T,R MD+T>*]GZ-T3YFD6Z/('=1)Z*BQ:7NY0Y"D?;R`.[,A/AJ5: S8]8B/J?:]S`D` MA(H)!0I*A(FI9&O$NUT0T4,9Y*4C3$]X$Z (7C BB+8FB]$=QHA_Z:2[3C ML')V3."LXS!@KQNG&WR=*E1V7=SCH,C2X"DYW&5%$3\EF)\ H[K4^M*/1 M1]MS307EV=QJ\BXKR +M(H_&3/;ALR M#R@LTP@#NK.S)XLU^N\DWL8E]+U$E0[I$UJX*&_3IK(1+L[",-_WZGQ,XN15 M9&0"VB`LTK'Q)28:EM$\(%JAFAL]0VB+=)%17G'T+!H:`;[ZE;C3%NG>O]6. MK`Q9C;9ZU%VA*B-*X&>)AT%)7RA6D\$]5CPDDV'M.\'T*G(H4YN,3%@YK(@E MT2L]B%8I9']G*X@5KXU'C2UK#!':UFC.\!49KA !C MZN0BK0Y' H9@[K M`>;4QY V_:G.&4/7-9!S5D:=;GP_/M/N'S.R"\OI`FKNS>?3L=+ 8ZJ2)[J; ML=V?@G^:AFVR0ZMNU'#V2."_.O)U'[^6>9#E$5E#Y`=>U'^%/I/11K@3O224 M_;4B^)\G\W*H6@.\\EGEAOK(A>D^;'6?]73?GLU`9HE '+F)"3PM=BJ^)`._,P)8:MPF8&35:" M34\)5G_-1"QU\;5Z\>+ +G\9[\%ASY%PV0`P\EQE!D\YE6DJXN [O:RT M;F%%;^/6B\6F0Y$$\JZ?0\71)-Q=GKW$!:M?4J)UI92B40KLO3Z%+N0AO?+= M'6LN7CF4(;`&+D/%PA>GH)?/QNS5"U.XHO3S@#Y:BW:R/U"*V;6^VGR%6RO> MV>[QHH%ZJ ?C//3HG#W+RR95/P!C8]Q,H7VS:3T\;&)4MCRA2)7#VS M]9%*J)$*MA[1:?HER.-L7[#)V8=K:5VPY`\\>VZ#R1]M9^4^M5 X+!/,TE2]]"R\ 91YX8UEV2'*\0M.]SX]%=[W#!?9EOXO M?X8BK4L;3IB?E0P]L2MK%5C.MPIN\-9H*>J4^5-DS.;0FC5LLI17J@!>F WJ;P65(&'U^Y0$BC=X$V0/+0[UK-&87WFWKI)"]5,7Z( D_(EL%@+H8;QBCI362F(>U*]7EWN@V&:OJ0:JQIYXBX[H M6N?`6L+[`D$,,\M@!-Z,?YWX4DD!A_6/.;$_4V!58T^&=4=T[;!F+>&'M2"& MV;!F!)Y,7SKA'_9/I6P&`AS7QD\*&U%Z,N+-GA(V((.W!>,'=J6&L?CSP>;9 M0^.1W>"B^"MZZ3\@[(G%S_Z)?(M3Y_]2@`[O,QZZN]QMZHE+$\36^C#2#MYI M-4*8F ?WC@/6RHO1?!,'3S'=6 D'Q(BM,MGU',06WD`FJ4-C2"(Z05C=:7+U]"FQ7LG.AEC=JF"/&W8,@8SZ= MM-B$F8T^O,SR]>0N`6"NG@_P>5#$!8JJBU=5KE`\0@O0CO$NI^7`R\,=@4>K MCM,ZX^Q->2MM:KCXY/H&P0[[.B4+3YS;@'P6WJSF1/Y%>;&1W'#SRWO9@KZ* MV?5'9I#\JM*AH,FY*,(O.,D8*0KG]])3G98M3JF76H\&#^VK?LRRZ#5.$O8X M0DF`LH=;&9#C_[92JQ5?G_S9"(4,>S@+II[X/&N)+;Q@S9M92LNM69CU_N27 M9YRNFK;90MO'.!_C"F?\YB7YYHGXS>/VF_H8NB[Z3:%]O.'9:)_")[]L ,DZ5$'[')[8O,HQV)0NK/N&Q*@AY'/%ZX%AZP"$"(Q-6C$:9'$PIB M #.&^R=/.^Q/FV M;WUL7\)3AV*!:Q@3]#+'QHDHR,!]AQ;.\"+(#T^A$ %_N$EG6](H[B+H^S_`Z3_T_;WF5%3#.65!N[\["& M Y2YQ-:7P^8^MZV#$;#'C7\$?U(B/6`>!>,IND$:GFSH(+. MHHC_CIX(IPAE*7\YI29KRFB4&=HQQ1QPD`-NT"IT ^5@1ZIF=,RFY.R+DQTE]BQQ6WTP=+*1FZV2;&*W:ON+.1CO_(O &1)Z M.XF0;Z3*9`%/`5\KSD/HX"ZWE;>#_B;8%?AV?;;;)7%(*V[SIU?)GV[B;5P& M(^*[:3UYY7[G4)J!$Y[2C2^N>#H&&X /7/, M"RA0NAY]QBBI=43_(VCUQ%]*)K, =FNY7J!(`,0EX">1& M!B0(@9X.J!8# * :!Y$Z=8]O2M$85[(S +I=2YN>XW66X^8U6U48,' /%U\4Q@$'AG6_J6K_$FQA`;7W:0 MS.#J=Y+T/#S843(1T&1G:2795UHAS@V1 @QS36J7A^>$BVVZS]"(ADNL. MO4;P@7%MHP&+OLV:B7/G-E+"_O,_%1]TNT8U)YIBBA@OQ)BA VHB#33QP?'S-JA'X M"9?/6>3)-L#/.-X\ES@Z(S-1L,&?]W0C[C).]N1O#%MQNR^+,D@IB+/H[_NB MI!L^9T]%F0>A*I: 0*D0PTB\B2 MM#YB*W%(?4%19N&OOR>KL>Y?T#Z-%\I3'W0`B\&^W?$C`7K)D$C]3*A1R'J` MV8I O=.V)(W9_-=ON]GQ,]G==M, ,N?KGQD6RD+'D`8S.]+JN@N*\G$$`=) [(TW-+G,BMJ.,M@SZZTPA C:.[>(86'DK^4(QE#X80UCD N;UC-;4/ZU&_-!4ECQ$6F0_-*#+/" M7 KV]((*>"B#O/12!>=X$Z?ITEH87NDL.I0A MLO.4+XV;)>4-D4/GXIG!DZ?@Z6D!,^],!%,GW&5K5#-8( AJ4B2"QC:,7?C0T*=$IQLW6Q*Y-F`ZZV=S2C\ M&6BZ!9IVD"VYVC0*(!>#Y%.(N"!(3X+`40CY8\*[!N>NP8EK Q.3AJ=;;.\K*X;*16A/O68B3W8(=JLZCDZ M;IN%-\3!W(R"R[9#:_9(Y$\O]E4]\+)H0A^KXW!]U34WL&T==ZJ*!/Z`^S^G M-S9\"@Q.4GV>A!QOR=8&(Y*3'"C`L ;Y1S)N\9%]2RJ1Y)775&-ZI8+11) M:&>%6 _KQUKBACO0190W@]0@$W-^K)@WI9A;?+SL`>`Y MRM6>EH^10/H/'.2WJ=+1#I(!N59#.!UG.D#CWGT:"=1WF(Q,ZA=7B)(B0@OD M. )7[@B6ARC"T[GH5 ;#!NA$VH3Z'[,L>HV3Q.S.PU%KZ"L.4N'E-QHZ30$O,$CD MT-Y7J-M/N9J@>FN(U_XB@_,A2]C_%LH'Q;2M0=X8&A)>>%](U13J;2&]/+(G M,!H*U)"XK:,UE]2`+X&=!H2!XE^+@W`W!]6>[6;@9I.D' @.CG5EN?+B`5(MS1M,Z )D4/'[!"@\LXC0>&`,">N$9GXV];F'`$M)@(U!`T-J#)+V M W!;,D9RUR75UE3)JTS3S-V.E;(*&`V`.6K.8RH.T2(Z0 M# )_*CAGTKM$8Z/)-)1M.@'M.]F)JMZ3T^?7T,2'& MTY>'JPS1GWV-53.&%0?O;H:H0!I>"SDF]^E.B%PVRPLAO0%+. Z\P(X'9@'0%Q^!@]?L%)ML/1(PZ?TRS)-H=[^N:6W+J-J8`>BS `044$ 6`K`^NAY$ MKSRZO#E,=72=+(KBZ/TX#]:6Q^*`-N'E]>_%4G#H%-*,U+O%G_:LTH3.I^7> MT(GFP#K/CW-.W?UP_>O$1I3>C4#=*\,&9#Z-OX$7UH:&']BK AI-/MC@HIG59F(9C-^5ZP32&*753 M[/'W'C/7`D;O#CC(BV^\-'1=3>)A,N^,5UF7>(C&)X/4U4P=,CV`IW! C!1D0_*D;>N8H!R*;!M9R+3^Y$*Z)] MR3>A\*'(#JJ`[&S`38&Y/!-Y*J]3LIK8#SVE(FT)=?:A%+I[WM%K!G#&H9!! MF[-QDZ6;]R3>W")*CUH&'B1H=!$-; S(S*T":DP,E3%K"ZZ1(&M*Z3XJT$JP_I5+R M=AY=H=ZF2LT$42XPUC,1HV!;M-XL1Y-+T(Q.B3O?%V0.*8J+;/L4IRQ>;2W^ M"F/9,\T&-.Y3XXR!U.EQ@P0@*7*&4O5'2D6'PI80/0G#9XT7JL,L,_%9D`B$ M2)@&T=522+0) S6IO$2I +4]7FH?`4R*4M8:Q(([1H+I)FSNU"*8-Z8#0E MJBXE(\/-*!\A]2Z((SJ !Y\ M`.UQ8U@SE8LNL]1N2S!CE8FA'B]5Z^;!>5B3-9*=-,K6:_8&3)(0D[W]/'H: MDI?&(LP^!>4^C\O#97\#1]X$H`B60LRF\M71[S#EKJ1"R..GNAVZ7&KO1+5N M]$M*?1DK"U&WM:@1"T)I1H\OZZ.K(,0\M " M#*]B*(4B`P1BP3((X&RSR=GI.]KE [`CA&]3/-7-+P[O.>7D.Z75\&A^)S5L8A M/L?K+,?DW[BX"-)S?(\CC+?X.&O ^VS6B+!#G@3@3Q+@@PH;\`=TOB4\; MNGKP$:&F^TL 1!,KH?N> S7AM`GC"5[1:.I _ACF5V*O:M>C=W'* >PO32Q$U>H1W/SGM# M'WRI=BPOG\W=Y$G4,1;OQ2.W,^O!PNY7B!;2Q$P+LQU^7V3L)1_2XQU1U7-0 MX-OU&N JW _Q2Y:\ M4(.LY+X*PCBAV4U32B)K ";?X M2(O?]O0ASGO*GGB[?]\'2;RF94U;5R=;])J30MSZLX/5W@8THP.Z)6@CG"1! MLR%';"BQ*>BWAH,P_;BM1S,C+D:/"`/4 !;3V17*XQ[LL+W%T%: 88P7LG\U MG;-J"@\3;JAEAVI^*U1Q7-R"#6;R&>$_X)!MD/^#J$`(^9^"A-+[%=]?ISQ9 M_BR*V#OW07*>Y7GV2ER/,K? KN&L4)!V;XYPRAA;&4J&F88S6E]>Q;ORT7D*VQ5=@?[577G6'A- MT1WL2 I8,S9$(QHU@,DSLW;2)Y^ M"@C;X"0QE$A'L[@():I(8>Q]'![FMHCX(6_%-W"AS'Q&"&A/F.3D_Q=T)XOM M8M6Y.V'WW,J/;&S5DKK3!#YK6KK!)/P.FMULE+$,GWRL2@ZE!7ZEI>WF$7&H M1/$D$1T^UE,]AG:[_BG(8[HKW=163DN6TJU[JLZ8&NBI'CMPG9=ZS$C=/]1C M(Y?VZ;N:OBW)7W.8\O2=-.5`)>KYX2()BB)>QR$[`;]=5V\]?HUEZ0?CV+A/ M19@"MTY+&,,#)$5AO*"]T:D9D> AI3>/ M=`W=^QN]R+4_D; I8!:.AF#$!>,`B?.%HI$\IO[]X,GSUG)0_/]_"K[&V_WV)BN*CU]W6;'/ M]2=Z(WGY-"`-@0\/TP%&G@Q>(RF-A_2JRCJE>]C5(+].Z:8VKE\V8/T@VA&J M>UHM>09IL*4_IV)J@+AJ3#?]$PJ6A&X!FU9FO'.R)NXC.L ^?$C`[HSHF- @0%MIHZ[F* KN^"@]B? 6DQAU%8RU![$.LR$ZN=04#)$ MZ>BJF%!VAPW(6ND$H6B74&[QC+;F!TSL)+(S9P,:]_9L#*0VZ$$"$(LVE$IV MIX?0>6;3)PE&:]6N$;E,0.U%(Y=Q$28L&"\DOTJ.12?R@DI>G0"\F]HZ@A%` MXNMH*0U#4)J<>4N+XJ&[K"AS7,8Y6\0>-1-ZG7!^N-S@EYTI&K3W9Q#W3@@' M&WLQ&'4'/O(!!W.:-2\&0Z.9 C+8PE&=.=F3>[FC*#V% MLJ7U=6=QZ'S*>`M. L-$I$!!3 T.";I:37;O'L+#R(5=5 M9R$9=_LD*)N_WCXE\48V#, Q9XTJL]]/(L8XLJOH@R1N\XZV^\,?!)JOCX=8=# M:NC!$?H=0UY4R$.*'/S57@/P/P9Q6D@C[;%,O+5T"51+\Q8X^&C3/?$F&#+C MA=YQ;O[:[C!DI 5L `QC/4;5G8!]#3*FXNH'%E5 !!W%V>_9T%/;W=FB_IFM8/BH0C1J.C$TN. M/AS7C5*"^@3/BITGAWHC9%9ZJ'H3;T 'MI7O-&N.HBF),!'?W-J M0O35J&$LV;Y%-6\D9AM`/(.QA#KN-&/`J_W=>@7('[:M?Z@>M>7/8-^FJKI* MX]GY$FW9P=>'7F:\/(C#;`0U#,J:C83J@>3FU_IYY/KY=\+8EQ!MDAH:P(WK M%Y#ZM2\T"2=//=QU4P_9-(=K#:SY)S]6Q,J[C2$#13R^9G/JE;$[(5\GP)_L MZPBOT_!UC:!S^SK"^(1\G5H-0[[N#R?EZ]0X)_JZGAI\]W5$@EDCNXKA*?D[ M4073/1[E=B(^KQ5U=J]'69^2W].H8LCS_?&T/)\&Z43?UU.$Y[[OBGR4.57+ M^9V0YQ,5,-GQ46:GX?=:2>=V>Y3S"7D]C2*&G-Z?3LKI:8!.]'D]/?CN\^*7 M6 U 3NO]\ [3?/:#$5+.%FW0T0.@.M26_D_]'NT('VMZ*O(U N62BS+>!HW:/FYW27;`N7@KF"CO,_Y:MLHS_R2CF'OCBB>H9L`-C^#L@PL> M+;9I'%MW4`>R=1>=6^K,P&@OB'?#0EMO7/%\.FK )VZ *-$\KW,L?U_ U!72CY`9T[C54.@-79S'612' M57MZ#X;BN%U?9%N:>,N$O7@F8/!U*O&3;KKT(1%\&36J,\7G[ F_(V$5S:IS4686""/3=="(##7[HSQ^`D]*=ZE1 U.]'I?C:\(ASD. M"C:H7JMY%4GG59]B[ K11] *[3AU@5GCUK^J.V`&A;O8H5X)ZCMQ9>8?#;] M5)H(&DX%Q=]4'WC!1 ,3\=YR%4RU75TN9Z$XY")/+/; MH%V @?&["2 (``J9VPDE:2N M;BQL^1J/FT6W4"9A881L]X)"(+3\'Q\7QC)0[MCIQQEMU!?45-(RKVJB7#>^ MY6J?1C*+'B)P;\YF$&I;UK LP0YXLJQJ*C\J7PSV1% M=!X_(9_][N'Z;C;'=5?$NXN@#)^_[,1^;N)MKYSI [H+T\(EV M527[X8XE2F.,01J((-H02!M'#Q``A=)&4DF &*V1H?ICG#8?_J/1IU[4`D>)"VQG\ZO8W8E2 M+ T5`6%]?LWXH=>1L&,&=&]A#%0R)S:N>G0K:B MJ0 V( ,K*2:.GPX(`LS)(%@4XYENNR"J;R#7?7$YXWF1!RI,"99[RJ`'`["T5L9FV M.[_"S- 2.XV 5:H,L`T[6%FWT$`XF2K;.Q\;AV0 MI&^137O4$JP0(X&9,FT1L*F!93^@HB%@_YV2_ROC,M\7)0J3H"CH;2:VK1.\ M%ON%-J8&9\P)7TC`%Y"P@/T+ZLJ5+8R[/`LQC@J4XQ#'+[0:/MUW>T\70466 MQ!&[OMQFO"$!]QG[;#ZEKW663.>'^NJN0E C*8@]2#_32F:8 M;M8][Z'1=\7%E]0R.Y#5KMF_%-VM[PF'.BY6^"P]EKCVD-Z Y)KO]" =6D'O6R=90=`5C\%3HBKX M8,D#QJQ'`14-V8J! -@\72&"$?F&L_M.G$+$5[X;\ A`2*J4RR_YIR=$OE`%B'+P:B H2[+SF]A>.,V4)"I&=N5G#;8#E#;!@`4S3BTG/ MCVC.8G*=5\V_I#D.LTT:_P-'9W6E/_K*^5T>9[D0"Q5G:?09EX\Y67C'E#9( MV@)ZDF-J5QW[ K)D`_)86B=YL@3K]A*I2HUJ \4)7W_AD;>?' M-::-]2&A],7&E*#TYM4C\\"R%#(9&E7]7PO'''RD?TPM%]:FV&H4[52/@A)A M,I6126^W7'HS9_U0!GGI$M@3WL1I2@\=E/!`7[VH`POBXWXD045!PQF+>IE* M>E^\QP#`@5 >!*M9(;^I%WST`GN'6/S#>*,?-G ;]&*?YS@-#Q^_\K 14'O@-_6BV>R\)"Y2I2;NO)@#K2"U*44:VX,Z]%G\V\U=($9_ MQ[:]8GN61O3'.S)UQ&&\"^3O'$SBYD/&DS5XLSK*6E:>Y"99RFM?19E>*,?U MZ^TLL8"VV`F L^"T8NI+5#5&%5-WH;R*ONS%G7G?R >U'TFALK "!C1@]$P\\C9&$IDM[ MOA-**X2R>;YFMT(M0U^\T#C 4]ZVX+OBE9;M&3APMZ;O,N*,L=EG+." M?GVX!0]ORILX>(H3W9O. 'Y5"(:]72NSJU\+I&5YP(TKF6L49>WO.+/ MJEH5E$CH`>I&ZV*ZJ3$F2V$T]760"/WU?P*\P:AE)MZGX06UBIGB"*6,O?>% M&JEG AXD])&#AV>,+=:Y0WR\6>>:`1Y8Y^J9^+#.-9'0=)W+>:&6&7WAI&*'&#]? M=J?&P?;.*BN_P[S)SW'Y?-86I^IE@])W:[Z&N"C$1*?F/9Z[NES7^'QL-\+X MXA] 1BK MD4["P9==0L!O 95:'4M^&JI]U66ER.M^> \'7K`I6MZ#%.5YG.7X,OEK 7O@8N;*KS]3O[1#K[HQ'C[C@B(RX#>T=Z_X07LF#3\+YC^[8F)A(A,_I2S MGEVO%'B@K3P#EO%THE!'E@I:'"SFF6X[^EZ"8#=T$CJ]V>>X`NM%CJ.X7&HB M&NSMM.8D0^7-,3T-='4R,Y41#HA)JU^Y&KWCPIWT##92W[WBR* L%Y M;1QN5J:WBYW1M?/ K['.\$`4]Z$IR@^,^=EQ8\?.+-'PUX/@DLXN9/TY'/[ZI/S!D# MN]NE/.F4"C^3=0: S/"[B='/)7KKE;UP, MN8R%^X3Q*$X4*3J S7+ M>[6AV`A"\\-;X3YZ0.5.P:(^ FQ)YR`QY4OU&P/N_:' MYNMEF"]P)]E*]'U& KH ;\,`= MV#%Q@BC=_.O5-Q`S`'Z^8X_O2Z[4FU`5_.0H"1C.HK_OBY):6@.8*X-0Y#@H M"`W_W^D;TQ9=^369S:&VD8="QOUX,_E,!^%BV[,5R=5,,'IEM(!"F2PH[TR5 M*4V4K*?*ITI;U(VU!=_)?XJ?@#^G'#,AEWE0> _+6$2HDXN9'%QY17.5A%L=_N6$[9EP)'%T$2THR2 M.-W(HX?+N`AID2KZX()YHLJD3KS)T9I!58,%R$?WX$,.UV3QS4N7UQTAVA,2 MNM(MC>H.V3,GWN2"SJ^USZ)CVE41!/Y*_X4%+>2$@T^W`.=7Q,\XWCR3&.5] M0"0*-AA%'>QH3P=/F2% JBLT4^>\ M[E#?YPFZ1!-`"[O%6@34UH%O'_[UJX"1$^WJ'62CK:315E[Y3*-WH?UTF%6C M]JK9HN&B56_^N\ 3SXFG*['6BF91"FG$`1^ M7*^)/[Y=WZ:83``A?7!\@^^R."UKX+?BC;GN,4I/? #86V@D7816GBPM7$1ZU7^A$N51YNU9Y M.Z:\6%#>[D0JOZNU59]\.7:/X[KUWSU.4>=8]SBF3Z_=XWA`\[C'NO\WZ1YG M5*[4/4;X+;G'=C*IDNW.TN@Z) OD8YK!4O?,,Y';OD_!QTW6Y&#@E\IV!V'38\=-`@[ ]5-C^M.VJW9PI@_AGLK;FVR)@ X- P`9GST6HLD_Q-'#X$V_'7'7N &\?T8P_C>0\,P!7)L&&HLL(;Q@[5A_."? M8?Q@9Q@_>&08/XPQC!\\-`P]$&X$:KEA2[F7^R"ILRK;]=E#&2?)WW`2F: 7I3=;=2/#"S>H-K?[6 MS0=&!0/Z+`$*^NPT4>AS4.#B(4AP Z3O)-:,58JQ6;"-=X.:+J8Y`+&`K*!BP-S?ZU!W #C'Y2O&J;"-Q,(B /^UIJA=%RBZI-@54 M]`H:H@4U43-@$J/4$T*9H8E42L,3B2OK8\?J+0-00QN%[2._XD $AM:C^^3*,S*6Q@$3^M$P^FX%D0F&X`\+Z. MBIH:OGDI5%*'?[_(E1Z[):K9=L([_J[]-^S!7Q+1IQNR>"%_[R=:>[.&.?4Q M!KXRNB,?*LQC=@7T,M]O'O9/11P="$9,_EC\!P[RVU1U,]N4&,9QVT$3O;$9 MI7,7:R.6Y#V:EAA1:E21HYI^A2@'FOH(X_DFP>-F*'FE?,4*++`+(Y]P%(>T M^E91( FV45M'%UE^6?\M;R*BS!(J$:, M/:4U7U^BK9$*T4=7EDP]B*9&26PXLW'>B#+GBRW&GE_6KSI@,0'M`O$^F*_P M)4*:1S `;($S@_G`9$ZQ`_/F`0T>;;?Q>GF,7A* M5).T&2EPWH`!+&D"@88.+I-@4"AMBLK3`57DB-&CF@'ZA;$`/:;/XQ>R`*`A M-9EH]VQSOPFJ#W_#T8;(>8\3ODAXCG?:K/EQS*#FI2G0NY/1&$X`,]!X,273 M3LT,"=Q6G3?,R+BOF"*1*WBJO`2I-D%>TQYFZ`X"$$>GLK'S`3@@26^,R0 _E+7,2;E!F?)G11-0;U[PK1) *H?2)0FM?0@)!)).( M0-+ U`L[79V0P0>M3 #Z43!C%KBK#MZ5'6"(J4)RDG85I^1O 9;P7P>(/?B!AD MT]]",OEF.KUOQ_XAL.CX]I8-5%'"J3@_92D^H&V0_THL 9Z]XNB*2*2:=8[:P)B/5%#11#H-G)N!I/?^@S)5&\0:00UD$TG;]\XB M_"2^WKWF$PF=4\(@SP]TC?Y"QS_DENY3V6X3-`:IW(=3M(;:NM4*W]VNE38% MV*+5R"'9O7PJA5T ,`6\3FC@5V0\`L?M^LV>TGEX;444-NS M@R"ZV[3*Y@#;M0.RR#9`&45U1X=>6A:(8"XKS8U" A_RCT].J`#\H"#O$#D 7%^G9 EBKXA^XLX[7J1C M%).>J[N_]5L2E&/5.[L'#'5O^FUJ$S@D #;^CK'Q&O:JB[G&9&"N.X;6")3MB$SKE#-1>J-^YJ4O8N M3DV,.'5=8W/"U31IC,^X2[)!CGYS']7W!*O#^>8'D#C^J'=)J=_J=Z>AN9%4 M$_)"U$-'FL31^Q5H^/03+XY^@AM"VBP"H87[830L&5">QAP2CA[L]"AMQTO[ M$?[2U%%U,_?#7R=N;0>R-B`&H1:D7^"M;LI;.;6.,6*B:CB"Y+ .1HJA$5.L$*5"%1%,]K2-_+P-JQ>WF+Q#6[7SZ7M" M:4EIF$1XX] ^ MW\R[*_9(.*MV+_AO0#MBHF"=_3#Z`]QN6-N[8C^'-G"_%08GUO`FV*!L4T?W M$JN3XFI/\U8^Q6F\W6_O@@.S6U9X]H6>:USL\YS\Q2BZ-N;EPUK&$KAZB6/( M"'CE8R6E0;C%V:&*'ZH9HI;C"E4\8:+?.>$32P)\`L8.R77Z^)K14J]F&PTV M[$[!;/OPQUMNR\MSXST6=";[C5-$^+)RQT!//,VL!F)@?S@A.R:=XUDM66!X M(K; \/#?E8T%G MLN26[2F8\:`2U'!\M>59]'(:=CO=6CVWT1DM\Q2L466#-* ]SY^\/^B8G/$UBFK`@&.?OKE@R58NNK!MAZZ !%T0&9M/=$*]HL1P(Q_`.& MC5B"5.>'+]1@$EJ+C:4X7]#KU9I*Y+9,8(;D.*CBZ+3CX'R@CA&O-V;EX_3I M@%H^/.\=,4[@- I=$#B6/*PWF61NH+>C;$[G- ;4^2R$N!/A-OQ0 MRQ"U'`&=D@OT[T?C'^VN;FFAXXM]469;G!LXI8'V[EV/$8#:P6@;@[@1`XGZ MFY`Z&J ZZ#.8B6Y>O` =VSX%7^G!X\>O.]U38D:4_LQS"E!# ML]T1F1=SGE0FLYEOA2IB5%.OZ"%(7(2TZC".8':KQX.L]Z2HO^%[4G%1[!?" M85`L>O+G(FO83/Q K]_%$Q.Z*,K$"&9>P)*Y:DC:$4;;2]KPL(S-^`SJLE.8!JXL44UQOJ` M^&5 (QJN@^8!&YL)8X1/J`I"J*L MJ#&2AV^>00/4S$E(&'CH+Y12CAF'U+ZJG>QRV2H9X]S(B8*=Y%WFP\QH1_N: MF5Y(R8J"OCA.Y,%I&./B_/"9/ JF1\Z!G:`(7\#N-7;`54.VE1BV%#T-1"D(]]CK-@0>;1):A MT=4,+-B;C=-QK(:`C,\`S?+RN2B#_/ZK,N5?T@8@@U,E:).A>=P`)@-3+D4_ M:^"XG=O425LIT?U7P.S\4>+>W%S,?UOF4_@K+HHL_82C.`R2AWV^H?][G89* MZQDF )KM"+NC5(99 9.1/RA`BP+8W"WBW TMO)5&S>F)/#[._9 MPA,W^TQIG>_\V0G6&XP5.;N*T6&`^MO/BQC7#N=Q%GU,(]VVH$.0*](BHN $L6_RPR0&%6 M0-88[\A_062YQV&V2>-_X(C^B^CBP&N*X>@QJYZV5RAE'"N8^60*;'%N& R.W:)>6%6F8K5+-#-3]ZM[[B"&6K,Z(_V]++V*A\CO,([ Y[*@CL&%S;,Z%![(N,NB@B H`#N/&H+I[QEFWB"U^HX/CXMYW-"_PM^$>01]F^>-@_ MT7(E(6;B2N`H6[JW]0&A:_-6-`.Q:*TLNDHSS(#+YZ`D,T/%@C[\P'D4Z!7G MQ&R3!&]PE!Q0%! ``R "+.U/>ELYD./A9EO`WH0B,A M#+Q)HKS#;"/J(@GB; D&?%T,[WGZV1 -$?_B=_(OON@2PE^)M EP M1VR;V/MZK=O#$QO![=CU13W>GVM;@.[&'8LQL/>V:YJ#;*8-2MO6*[Y;5E*C M73)3 =:IE0.=%?*X&I`G/^T30T;E*(H.@ MKB)%G':%&+4G`9PQK!I$P5K.-LM ?A(7Y$K"NH^) S-+JK^U-//M;4[@UT!+C:;"U(08S9 M6C[YY!0*-W37RM&&7A:;IE2V/1,^\08RMR;Z[&##I9J'%YR&M;[`@X\(%MQ6 M>^P709[3AV,9R/K)>[-X1 YY'3LVL-YGC*R:(4O9( 25O* @Z=$ME!1MH2H5:05NJU3)&T&5*-((XND M.$[;^E\0;X]^812N:Q,M)?:$,HPO *>Q$G$;!Z(16!)\?>!MA!E&0 ?80:$%6:8A64UG6%FT>Z,F24W WIO>MSIS8F]T5F]/Z?TFH)CP6Z79R\X0E%% MB.A&# M)^`04@7#1 MG'L%ACUOL>\(J6\V=X_IIG* T--&G !V+-A6D IFQ ,JS2 MT,+&6(."#01 F!F`["4)J:@@S4OK5"#:YFJAFEK8LRT.`LOUC5V\-0+'`\6-EY#L?5WEL,N MHU6=6%%GLS6;TX7.?KM/Z*"\+9]Q3M])S/$S3@NR)+M.B>(Q+ @%Y]Q>;M^#+ZJ8[9E>P5;1+E0YM&2 M:\DN(19HR^.1+>?J7A%C@3K](MXQ>D>[_H:]]T?[8[45>?-NEZB2"[&^5XCT M3NV>]`\UJ C38YQO7M5NG@(UV0CZ;S\@*HQ&9OXIS.'`9+&I]_'G59;C>)-> MT*)E:7AXS`F.A!UJGD5_WQ M4=TE$OI$;:?+!8\+1$(GH /,H%11*4%#!/@JK2'T"]Z(_.WB MF>#!Q75*D/X8Q"E3#)EK+H+B^2K)7O^&(_+SQ_4:AS/-KU/[]GK&G4>Q(^;@ M:1W[.BO/@6JJ)VQE0)40M.HO=7M4CJH9HJ.%/D3_C*@TB(M#9AHFT.GL_RRB M (W)P1SML;D2 \Q4=D=&.`\E@Y"&A *UYT\%8TB!$AD=\*/1V.?IY01'RVU06] WM*'ST:V1HG_[A[85 M?2!,I95%17?INZ41W8VB4(LY&91/-X/3]>]Z&@!?;R*0Q'TJPNG)E5`6 05F)P?C M\@9&0+ :#.T#8AA;J!80ZK>P-CF`[@!H:I M4+(C4[;;W-*BBA@%](7%FASJPL)H8#_5V?WL%G-RH"!YB950"6K\ _1"-X_VR)O!/-NCDT5:C8M>\J@2`I(D>Z4[^=RWTO%0 M9BA`KV1DE9C\OLDQS\XC?Z[NP*-MEN(#/S8X\LAHG>6H)#WLLISQ+Y^#$L6] M=[3W*1UOY"\Q\>MNBW[9:4MHC=)J/@)^EU X?!9)[()9 M +21LE6&PSC!EZ \U7*"M6 :-7PKQ[(``5 F;0(PL! \PBDW1SG9)09 3V3=X$R2?@I*N`2]H M\3SY:]GR9NX72SIQZY62K`W(,DDM2&\PL*:H:KNBN5&JT]M%ERJ+2#S;V%2^ MA:UJ"#\^Y2]@RUMY,4:UY[#2;[[D(;+I.#67VH'0VC *:.TSJ_N34@B7&TXPD\@YM+KOY\*0EO`!$U>"* \#Y2QSVLA9M"-T[:CM(M0\WHP)Q[S:B20[(&`&_8(DC?N9 ,B2ZE_55X6;T'@^`"^K>]WD`]R^IF2^?HYW+4Z%L[6@ MAYG:K`&*\YLQL?-)SE(R11Y(58,;M1Q6J.&!6B90I_A3438KI3BM,.)19_GR MF3O/HGU8GB7Q)J5BU9DY,E^C;`HP.P^(W O,YN6 MF6F4T^ 7A _11%+-9]C'[3$R"%2`KSXH"E\IK M\CH*H%OPPR`ZE]S5S=W?81^2Q6[Y5:5M$I[[O(JJFAYH4O9-EF[>W[#XBW 3[NA5]:H]6!G["Y//2"CM57%)-2ROR%U;WJ`R^8EZ3@?R\)TZ.KR6B MN"`J(XSV9$1DG"D98!]HN:1D'Q$27DN)%PYR?!W!4A.\F?M-QG%?;#;#HS6; MJJ34Q^R&.(@-^X8/N"P3=C]%(K(!C7OC-`92F^L@`8@!&THEO7U$:V*1X1%B M'!4H>RH#6I2 #6\6!GG.+JFU#X-SCTZSB[,\HKL%U.$W`I!_ M!D]Q0A=G^"L=B/NX>*9O)A'V12, \@QL(1Q`]S3*9Q5C0-+NZ]Q#LRMF)>8S>E+]>36.H?,CLPHH")>PU`B'&O MIKGSN'=0EMX($BE6B/Q7@LOZH0&1G)9N2G=\H47^$^:I!F?P%(\FN`KCI^%D MX`*!!LX?L-!0N^[MM("Q=XF0HGT+/SNWYU[?_:"1!=\+KCH'C=).1F#+,A1V MU5Q2F7D-_._[("]I\8"J[EV0"-L,LBM4ID3N@W%S*'4T/DP!$HZ;BM4;*@TA M6M>4)%06#NWE%YP6#8QG`--0=C,09KZMI17T1I'08D/HF47T(!E9Q V7F8)I+9L,D,#?.3.62;N4$M,G[,O@J;-"PA_-V.*?[.E4]&;J= M4^Q( G/,:%-5Q%PGZ-P$MH(YPD%-J5K">%91A(K&=WF3/RK'0 MOV)6L+VHLDCB@IUF$(H=_:]L7Y`QGK/3$,(9%V5,1C@NW&[SC% E;#?P[YYP4 *WFD$,0^BFEC(2T2W:W2^)**!'"F03S4A8;&.*?^&$U.K-R&" M2&(TA=*F,PY1`"4VFHDER;=K%@BLF)L'9CX'%DKITL"U:P3''\==+$B/NF_3 M.Z*LYZ!@ G97*&8\ M.QCSF0I?-*^QO)R;WS1!>Z.[9H O31`+8\(S*^$JB'-6 MBAL+>6WPYGV7TQ39\G!'A"W/THC>(MK1(.Q+@=?[Y"9>XS,2V*LOM=DP@#%A M>XBBT9I3.S=36]%D]U`8`V*,E`7+PVF8K!!G@R@?8I. Q(Q8=PU6W&+= M >S%\Q?2@BS@N 5`&B/S&D_OJ M?OBI6\&/T3*:]O,:D_GS-=N39=-S\(+1$Z:O.!1%O$GYZPM-)Y4@5/!=*1QP MUP*RC"?".!4JG=/YB;V#625>/QTX>'X==LMNFJYJ#ORIAR@N=L22([9T.Z`B MH`_Y1'B- + 9GW'SB@65AA\IND\%'S$"V2+G M5ECDW+:+'/9N]^T:YG1P"A[RE7?"HJTQ!1]>TOZI?C>%3#?_O@_(U$`O)]1/ MPU[&19ADQ3['NN-#2QXP`=(HH&*,9,7`>9@T0CKI4TIMKG++!=5L4,L'_OC2 M%/'0N>8(/GZ/8.U)J#43;T?RT-FIW6B>>*XZ]Y"NW["BKWQ7SSD5YT%"_S2H M-BTM]-`U`"8?KAI"P"$Z*)5F6+;$;(36Y"M4,5@DR.%)9Q_32+ ^P7/N'S,+LB"BNZ?\,OTH_2HY.6C M!QT`;NY1%8P\\[!:* Z08QM`UZ?N.'BM4N=]]-Y[3 &X!Q7:NND=#$2/0DD-7L M]##ZY>WD[8'JW>F$4167:T>6'^8Q&HD_!G&/>77ACU4U&:TIJ!K#&(%>=''X MRULZ'_@Z,23/>E5EG^O6P&-](>$=!DAAN-_N61HS,T*Z_,CQ,\V;?L&\L+T^ M6#*G!PJ R+DEA37OP 7T M^M12:(671ADW^MI&PP^U#`'?_G8`_;T$_+^8H!_MG3[A*`Y)@/WPG.V4KD?6 MR+U?48M:.XU^"Q"/H!*C-PKJAHBV7'9DJ^S91UFU5CBSP..G]7R_> & M!LA!>E#/W,JF`)/S@-C-_*MH!S/%:H7I.U?2'%7M447@=I* @]"[/ M88OR=LVFTX%SV%X[J'-8A :!;L4SP,:Z(/8.65V>,94 M/_%8W070GRXI&@.=*VE%[YPH25NZ/TO2B*%Y>[-J#7U\M(SP#O/"MKLD.V#\ M@&D9(3*ZM$-=V1HH-TPO?" [G?C#4D\H5-Q] M>O[\\$@X2+)DAQI#%"8>$KTM2*QJ"52(6"^.K/@8)4!!3 F*(VM.A_>Y!=7)]EMC*WF00? M_W1>\V+615"HXCA9(X"'\92B-N_@]5K`/'NG$$/W7!EMJ8AO%C6DF66=:1QJ MXS!U4^@QJ8Z_5.T\&)^#T_WQEU\^8#$;K!X*KG_6 O?Q[N&;#PB=L;?4\X",(\9C0T91P5XT>,Z2J'I@(H\WS^4* MD=Y1FI7L3]E34L6M*X1C_M!#)I3=9_]9X"1!`0KY2^XHW5/DM)QKA8G^B\$@ M'0?T\88($ZO:LHM1._:`$WTA(A`>?N :W9WPWP1II#W4%QO`G./W112/[MM?G9_6'W?=7QS3$EFP M1_+39!P]U];/FWX*PF?B#O-#\S356 8-/V# M,LXW(W,?X]O`J>-[$QJ0V-Y ,E:?]H\/H&E1^9OJ89!_V#(SR\'8B6T:D@7U9!.F7U&]8BF MN\U%U4* 5T MGD#> `2!>(]('J3A#O!>:0Y;\U,^!!%U// MGS_\^8__9Z6%2-#"BOK'[^?WCTQVBH2(* 8BS?HIR'I7N_ M.) )K5 $WE%J! @0J>H!QB'^ M\VI$ZP(74LL/RICQ3PLNEMFR7^+(92!H4[/U\A2N@$OFZ ZY4R/967TD#>M*DCC!G80L08LZHCB;&G($G3)`YF^#]:(JP-CB2 M+91'$JP7]G>8./._5:,/-9?3SQ^ZY]5%&VQ^_]VBV3SQ5P'')7XB_W^?*X^? M&!9&;9+2,Y4W:%[//(J1)/=,8PR=X3.']/IDEOAKUSFTG6B/ 3^+:.K/'_Y$G*F@DL[J_?LE5N_QU^%=AZLLU\>7H[C`G&Z/!"N>9%NR M`#NU'B6G_`36=%^- >9RS,VNW8TH/XG'%"]L8?95-%"\S2^+EG98N $,%(0:AJ5XSA2%,98?I*A!K0(SGYKQ:Q%11 M^V^V-@R1P'&%*$_TCG+]AKXFQ!FCAC.J68-7X#F"7!>AHL_/YO@9IP73%6U3 MBZRMT3.>'8PE3(4OVL%87LZM8)J@L@JRW '2%1"=X:(T>2-7T1;*B#6"=RU4TA#`_)122$85;^O)\[B+B#Z^/#BU M+EKKZ[$J#*9 8A=^TB537'@=CL28'0VJPK).XB:;J'E*5D!-ZN6:Q_ MN\,Y&8SIYB(KZ-Y5M 9!H3BO&,(*)H,=#%J-G>R[.(^>Q(O9& 5?$N[L\"S&.BBLRC,\21DM6N>Q) M/3);%ED21^POS5N0[2/39R']_\I8=%;N[@/7!9131[DSL@8)B6>7OV<>M`=4 M=X%H'ZCIA#];6B"Q&_&M4N$5=-X33,C]WTHR#>D=:.KA^FY(4^]GT-5LGOA+ M&BSJBR?RA_?&LRA(Y8\G,??"(\^`P,3="-UXYG!,O?(_O:*L//,BVNK[9HFV MO/'.,SKB4_*Y Q#F^5>S&_FXNU_:8E4'2JL&5(YLKHUX\ MTJ8[YN P?`A5PWIL3**.79A?9=DMBL32Z(VUPGM,,O2S\5;G^&FCO?I%E!*!>26D; M@RR7#"22G7UM:9!+!DA#A1@9S++GE#!HER^.@(PV5NH)R@/M,4XW"8YHTIPZ METW;VKVA&@A?FZFF*8B1#LK3&Q6 _7CX,7O! M> )T+'8:T[J]P6`G6OZ^`'E#+`-4 =!^*NX2Z\UC2$B&-LP@R(:AY["N768B-,; M4C41XE3^V, 0RG_M 1`\22V]+Y"SPBM57 M'/$B,Z:;*,,D$.]/F )W)(9QI M!6Y,C5C7&*C,C9'AJEO"%;NQ&1--C2\/K/0DA!\N>[,@`G>A]#T.DH\%K02B MMMN!MC`AL%9P,;R5-G0>NFJDZ`T6VA;QQJ`C?5G9W8WQO^%H8S"\^\U@1K9* M7'%0'[=Q/I[E`O2&`VOFQ2">46"7Q2Y? ).V@BEPJ!.X6N#QJ!%# _88O]U)4$;V_2;NXWF5F'44?_P[2.PN%T(RD];- M8*)TS\34QN/6LBZP#+X+#EK[./H=X`Z43,#F8I/X(\QMI;X$_3QEW@;H2I$O M`NKO_9A+N=1>D,$.D`_[/D.[/5[L\9AN+4!OYW@DY_#.S3S"3DCTKI(/-*G= M1RT@DKFE0K;IVYV?@1*V)3)H4CV`,K(]$G(@Y7H>2:>6"!5N^%W&19AD!7V& M\OSP-QPDY7,8Y)@6E7K,,3%.R6W-29S`BHJ.!7U4;=26#609TG&RFMWJ%!BB M\P-J6?*"9)RIXHKGHN[` ,>>U,KW&_6"5MD28(M'+W2SV2-O!K/MHY.E MOW,AM$:L.=!>D-=2ZS>(EA)]M*E]PE$ ".@UC#FD')"_$R^K]H$NC]#1+E]\=K`M?T-*!8]%D`26:2Z ,EE&QB]]EU5E "3],> MQBX'`8C6IVSLW,8&).E?*2#M$2.@!?.J2F&4!KQ,7H.$"446,P'=*HANTWMZ MCRF/T\UY4,3%ES1[*G#.DC^NT]V^)#^3KQLG,8LJ1#5HJ^PMUQWP^%U(?=+A M/W-? _R+-J')8E\ ?JK%4[%GTRHZ%!%"&PBXP!5+]VW9=#I$VAD?HBW2V0>Y_@ESO;%15`H M"ETH6X$ DH4$.( M:DI`>YT5S_MA1+.: J P[R;1!B\M '$_*=2VOH_8PZFM>Y7@1I$`4+ MN-81C#UQK*-5HG6KUES] N(^QRA"ZSEM&/KC-.VE-O.7-GSA7>7,6A#\0'W)K69] M.@YR.9V\K[7R?H)67);UWF5Y29-6'_!FN'ZLNCE4 ;![IJ:JN5"D:0\S]` J1K(HD_8^D*8]T/@9`M`9/ZK&[L>/7I+^^*D\3G?P M@-YD&0GAV`!FNCY2X/##)GLA0V:?EOF!6T#U'\>#O_KS?Q&INM#$']P.Y[Y( M=-RV?W4V0(^[E+PG_,N#XQ$W+%,:E_0I-^ID%UBE7Z=$M)2MV30U*Z2MW*^D M- >6>'H!X+_A(/IM'^14;*4=:5L# M%@96"]\K$MQO"ELP6"6/IMJM2`) +O%D!9F`6$%3%Q,&!$Z7UA82-4;?#4!V]UK_D,D!]ZQF0V Q,?%(^E>LZ5C2@QC7G;01/LRHW1N8#9B]09A M0XQ::G97MJ9'E`'XKI`>HW:#R(S4Q[&HWC8RH?-L'&IW8J2C\$P I^ U&KM5WE+H&B'=#;6BJ!.P]L'3>">V5++HFBJH?@2.'> MV_)2XN&7M^86>[19#4RIF!9ZH8D?/^=Q6>+T=KU66MYX5NZ- @WC+A9#KXJ56Y:HXHENEP:O]3PS:\`$ MU.)^Z2+'$3WC>\RX7]6%RS/R]==C&2G$UGUIF7KMRPPDG^C8PJH'5&8H8_-U MX"2VG^KGIFG&P.G5':#'#%6!#.RB9VGMC``\X9V,6E)UOG^O" 0OV^_F^!'B@W83Y0R#DH? ^KYP=OF@3%$L2Y%Z3`S\'4^Q[F"^\Z3;)L M%J;`>UU[S^$;R+U),LN_^_`G%7WOP]_/_W[^_M/?S[Q%GJ_^\?//W[]__WN* MVF95T[\'R?*GGZJO7?D9I`[[X 3^!_>AY_?_?SN[/R==W[V MCP]G_SB[]$9?-PV_0DYF86O+*(Q_?X5?\Z`TXNP__](8WH_7-/I[DLYAS[.+ MG^N&?RE;_@/]-F2T#^,L]^-@VQX1V&G__0*W/O_\^?//^+>;IEE(:@C)GO_\ MO[\^3((%6/H_-3Z0A?_(\`\?DL#/L3Y;^?"H+="_?JJ;_81^]-/YNY\NSO_^ M(YO^! 'O8_\O4*_.=?LG"YBM!H\,\6*9C]YU^6P>\_(;F? M793=_]=-A:#ZSU$\O8WS,%_?Q[,D7>+!_\5#Y+\]WV^X@&1`EB7Q^;L+!).? MT>]_YB/U \1TC_8)[A0Q/D"Y&'@1\I&OD=5.V0F>1+\ODBB*5P (N2KXKF^D-@ET'?Q-F091D10HFX3R&.U_@PR4Q M")("KHGQ_`E^/@@![\BYJ:D;]E61A3$ ),:,-J):-NH$]I,BV"?!1!]56;XRC+0'Z_7/EABC$)QS"7`(0`977LC.$L M3^_AZ70)'D$N/.;][NH&5A)]\7](2'*GK[HAH;\E:)H68+HY2@@/CD)%W3!O M_32&2TGV!%(X"99)C">%\#AI9-0-]!D$('SS7R.0R6!OO[O2.0X5`[?!R"]/ MOW!37*$)*#-,-C%U@_Z2)-/O813!3]S'\/XR#Z%D\`(B)=TV #P:O\)3AN11\)"`!DE_*?P4KI K&1R 3(6:1T6X]DA 4&6/6]0 M">F\: `169_@L@L7X]P/(\77@4/J1V)K-)V&2)H[ MHGT& P#"6=:1*%F1'KO59W!P$=4+Q-W M?I@B(P$8S\K#T"B`"UD*IG`Y;BS"\'?%$DQ5 (K8`B\D&8""KDS*\/Y;'P;5 F2N,W&^PSTMRF^4A7*E!8V;?P@$D:U">E,9E M8[52U# @7@K;+YX[LT69;FIP)NB]OG)@H8D_VB%O:;ATXX M@=]"9*&]2])&D\WZI$D>RH:@14#/($CB`%ZP\,>N0/X=@/AV-@-HI49-GN'( MQG'9@Z9#N!0B5WR1)^FZZJ)` > MW^(4ZF8>(XN4@ONB*'G-@?*R;+")Z78EP[-7&$"TWX11`= :S_;4LN^(?.(X[>SL45JL.!UQ57SZ6 )>([. M4M=P"#B&;8F@-Y[5W?0PS/_98PF"Y`_9;Z9'%D)?/D8@Q03$89)>I>%T#EY` MNGQ(_/C.1P>D?-UY(JCZ[#$$\2T;PQ-#E,S7N$WE*]`H`MX/'H/YAR2>(S6@ M%AI99G_F&(P>[K83/X+WR`IZV$OPED1OR$$*M1'F1Y@+"L=T#!&BWUPG;P#^ M(N]NO)#^SE$6Q\T!I8E 8*&T^THIN[#1Q`&O`+] M!@*40F9_3'!_*)8%-N8=_@ZN)UM7[';DNG%TG-$>0>SE702;!4O;T'V3@SJ^ M H.ZO1P%C7Y.)H,]8WP".+E#;QH+.`5 MK6V`"SQ0%&A#CI[@7@SBO)IGA\PK%[V9T1]!+1/TB]*]_))LL+7'+K;1PNF+ M_`!P*?LVT;KT*AR2/@'6T3*-SY:3\5L&3[Z;3>"7$(XV#1;KJS7^]77D9\HD MIF0,1\#8KDL*W@'`&X@NML/]!4320:-J/GJ )J747@ZSC02'U?]T. H;_!8\=P5Z:?(UC,-E ML7Q&&1FB)W^-!0O!4SF[XSDF(*TVU9\_7K*?SD!MHWO\5XYJ8@RE/G1\9A_@ M?^>5IR\#Z1NZXU3[BV[V>3ZM\REH]Z K!S_(72`S\"_BI_`N,3A_3J36-=J]N'SMJUBSY\!Y^TCI?-G>?>QPD=3(` M)T*2YLBKM-F#ZT;J6.+YB$XFOX!DGOJK11C4O^OFZI#XPI%>K&\/7,QFLHPK M_;:V'&S2:J60L3@CFSRKN@92"6M5FI5QAP @NGF MIV&./G)V=O;YS/O)JPDU_PJ)>B55KTD6#QT./DJ"G2]$J"!+DK:H&?[@?UBC M'KW"JRS /[A MP[L/GS^?G5U\O'SWL3'")B)&Z>YH_32H: +G%2X $4&1YVLRB00QU#-"`YLB@9W%_ES@FYV M?N^B V] VC`:U= M%VFZLZ#3SR>TIB[J3HC72GV?C$VZNS`"Z34 I]E!4BIH*"T=Q B4NW_IK4(^*I1UA*X] =^5T]'!(U0YG >.8UJ$M#<>9GKUBI1?;3W/=7)1Y!E&?U3_:!6?WX?\I8B\V( M*"ZAEM8-W7\\>W_9U1,DSPU^.?T,WD! 3O#1+BC^HC$ MSJ8YW#J[GTSEU7V=9#EZRX!YI2A[IXUCJF[GC>IN,G,)D5 _LH:@+R MO`PUIF&&IZ][R)'FFAJ?PXF?SR5^8C!''SY`T`=+KB.\UQ#GD"%T-CD,^9&_ MA1I?13: NFCU08YJ%%S^P,*-4&9 MOOUT?0\EG ,8@UB6KKP3B&OUXEF1^-9\2& MJ+S>#$XM"IC4$' _$!=7:;FC[[1Q#"+MO-'#6?NU_#1*@N%( M_)8H`5ISQ_0OQ"8]&K9?DWZ?Z:IHG"`B]GI9!PPAU;8C@X==16$%NV8;X]; FEID,!R9Q-$F0.\$ MB^4K2,>S@R0@+: T95`6.R`"#G39KQ MCITTHR+I531-/$FMAS:>;9+2/R6H&" :CP@,)=]7,KNN\/8Y]2]/XS7Z-*WC@C*#P`X80D M]'V`U `\!#&8#R[A@,. M\SL_0/);CY9(#.U!3UQ]W8.)/-M: B"%#\B'8.XB"D%@A@ M]'`=)**L:ZU$8JHFJ:A/I4=>%,5PD?.=]-^?^E2/%PN`%6I/:&D=*#K#@)=) M9^SA:)E,XE;E[S=S3_- =AB4;3WXXO8^O_568^[0H*TIK]_`@ MPJ@S)\QGD/MA#*9UWHU1$!3+`A?EN@&S,*`FYV_OZ!Y")'EVQL3=X!??R.`* M"EE8@#@+W\`VYT]+UG5!*N[!2(4`G#F.EA&-FZ67O1>1&[N'$`$^G3&0OZ3` MSXITW7HR/6SH'@`X>72FUM6AP+CM%>XIGY-'1VI"M9EU)(.!K8.%OKA.?OZU MQ9$;R/3SA"6^`'D8;,\+K6E_/O"G_?'^NO.)?W ^QT@F:1\M]EA5"2"D[G`9*&+QJ,9=;B9#V-R4MO4X# M*YSO2-2:S(T#IN%Q%#S# VKP!5 M\F@_JY7M[%4EMU:8!S4&EXK,TZ8KRE,"3IDP8/9Q$A+B'&N(V;8G,HZ)#E87 M)\$AS+"JJH&&L;$?B HF6 )PB=OE*DK6`)2Q M%$4:+/P,H/(QK+5"E)9#4%+&O@9SPQ9HGZT"6CG_J.*AGR6DJ#D/-BD!:`Z; M^V3*3OY;D96)G5X2BCD8B^L5"F>*#NSP_HYU_PS@82`+ (K_%95XV,B[SFU1SG=( M!1G 7 PJNZ/AT8-UMV &&^'6CO>!J(:7]1 M^]F"`A1: #$K=V!Q(B#-:(D/8 &1JDS6OPMVUK_V%ZN690(\P@O6=^_/C;U@%3#N MT8\-8D3L/4D(:ZR3L;3MO-'[1(*-R]CF@E;GDKD!003_X$B60>WJ-(ZD!:"Q M8M_QMR1TA[^+DN\9Y^;S7B1=`B+NE=3-;C$;+OEWEH,NUFPH\"J%!O>4)@BU MTZOUMPQ,[^,Q//+XJ$; 3GC,5[FX`''$0L@)C MFTVL@]+1-$Y81MOD8F_FK*W4[I)TM$S2//R3+S9ZK_V`!UDA,79*P^#`DLG@ M:"`;-TGQFL^*:!0$20%E2L$'J\L`D0YRTOI"3CC$ -1:@4 M$+ZA!%*T/979QSK$=50[#X[:V._J[[%XY;J/WZ#\(88%T-+H `\PC?FNR1]@,.+MI*@>N[H/=S'D"CS6@Q+'5Z= M$OUQ] EB7*T)& /["(&0=U/0]?Q&5@L9' /P'KX*0("_1SNZ1,+/"R$$_NC>O(?D`%X8C.:.T^$F0$ MX(R[Y`#^5T46QB#+0(8?YR!15[^A/= $^FI1)I:M?Q1Z(I4D`P#1#:;UO M0BS7O$C!>$:02/E[.M0D2)T0Y%1)1[,OQAK3PC,401H&4`R,!(IMW4X'7U*2 MZ.IRL3.[7N.\T)QUV+Q"$'2[P9R'RND@385@U+IF;$DPS2_RSJ:%TX%;1YFH M*K]@I_7J+HS].%!@O6(0L@YJ^JQ7HE)PYG5X F&N?AGB0!&M^>E@1T@"72U-+6N0H=SJ7*F" M#S.#G@8^./C6_*3 .7 D@K*-,'/%/E,7AQ[/;'W"_ MC^?@&:ZQXQC'T HUK>%TBRV$$E^PT7 1_/DG19JK.EGA!?;Q?7GBZL*WIU MV[0WFHF%A2,`6?[DAU/66]J=5O9AH8,B#V'!PZU6 0G2K 2]07U 1U\GR%:ZHB!+O=']W.-UK:MX..1/SA,`68YJS MFQN9Z( WDH6U:&]X 5U%D/=\I+M>SGO)V-U2$KQP/1B?]5C8O_ M4"Y$PYH9+J?:@W)CG?CNY\QN^$XXI_7EX;0NB7@E%9.NL58'![K$,5L;]>SQ M3U-6%VMF9:NP&:X\MV E9^AJ> >+B\^?+M^=&WK8M3_`MLE/;6_=K!82_>%T%F.TGUM] MH_XG_]7Y\^$,;=`Q=G/>Y>6Z2!$^6F9G2Q\3\_$A\>/L, O:%L;,ZS>&V9 M^CQ=K=FDJ8/E7PM$2%BW!$@KZW!QZ"R'/JX)7Y)D^CV,(LCO/:04ST.X"F(/ M`?^^?TZ(3:OIXN5@2[GT=)D["C#8Y8XR%J)AS4+!->JVI4*,B'6+17?-':X: M"D32SQL"#MPEA@ISKAJ$$#=$$Z\8&ZI>@ZP).QD ]*5$%0"TUOK!B6UC[6S5,UVJMC6.3X[^>N^@3B M#/:NJO7R3F=2H%E)R-M04A"0M3LV5L`8N:6"PS#/P)CQ8)2FUDPA4?'M3A4A M]OJX[STE4!8@#U/\+%)PFA!"NW;I*9TMQ)&R)@VS@[:Y0_PJ ]@UD\1E MNC>A))CMX[RJ+EQ^=!]#A@L (MMI\P6M\`E_VJH](7_6( MN.9EB#$AQ4F8N.F11LE_\^/L;=6DEE5M\W[8A>]^GBP?4*:T\6L4SD4>(IX3 MXK8P):])RH0W%`TBVY:`9]_\J*V-.'++P 4-%,@2#GUG[6S%).)>VX9J68 MZ_56^Z7P4Q_>:0%:O7[U4_0/_BV6$`ZUW6*WI/$.VR"N EC)]G1VWMJN!D MV_8QUAF7N^\.*B\0*M];L#%R:J8^Y';CMH]S$(=]H(#!,*^/#] _DD.K.?Q\7"5S)89%$ 53\DUR` M@G73G%>5N]41N_';QZD^`?.J$%.=MHAS9A/BCVI:WGBV2;=E9) R,^^-1F!/;N]IW31M4]7./BS)7Q^GY7\7 ?M"5L`.],3KGOTL)43$QMYB#;9C=?9^LFN*1ZF_.^`^=]G/J3XC4# M?Q20RNT;_`_G9"?$,&T)>24E(W4P=IAI.TG3FYLIXK$[FM8-F-;>NEG9II;= MBAPB7/73N]LH39"NK^&1/XG"*;H+;): 'LTO@M M(VM)- .^/$5KUJ.C@&IG,5,LM)XN=ZQ4XOA//EL]Q/K9.\&\^MY? MRP_\^Y!@7W#PCWZ.L\QND]U05H;#AM9,^#:Y'LY83F8T3L1CNUSK%1`R4$Z5 M=@ ]G]7/((C\+,/[ M(FOI/FC78^WR\:*H:K7I2?LM@WO4;9:'2WA6I6EWMU&/5 'ZC$;0QIK_E.O[3F/4:!$$NUXOMODIPL MPM6J+&W\BQ]/(?TY*FO&!P.^SCT&10 +OO ?1UGX]!H 9J"\]K RPM4=2>9QR%_X$QKOQ["H1MO-2:Z6C/EW;;T MP.,0UVJ%`H(G'8ZIWMJGA\J5YZN.C3)IAF2J]AF*.Q52+*5'S]4JPE6MU/Z; M&# ]`X]AH,@4[7Z=5@933VE?,%!9'_9T0OE*>7%V?G9A?!3RO(# M=C^EY.E@QFB8`8C[Q0UX`U&"7?%XV5JNBARDM5U #:M):)S3YWQU._IJFUR1J=,J3N&2\GV8W-YN$H1[;*/BC"#-L'L^NUHU_ M83'3K@."9*R9X.U:(=P&5##+F-5ADH;Y&K_:-7E6:[`Q^A'2'O!16ENC8*5* MHQ_I>-COE\K17U,`;I*E'\8"RM_I9QT,1/3%I^UV?K6E7.OD9?J6C>,@B9+Y M^I DJ*9^`?`7+5Y#NZ9V[7R_TWJZY77^4/. 'C7DU.B@3&T;`#SW@_L RSVU% M>BB_[WXZQ;5P2E=PMLV@F67% O+C7 ZU])HK1O@4T"DG!$4I#-6'UK>PVSP17:W)6\^-G_M57:R7I"$?+O"9 M&42/@6J1P!3E;[1N27W=E^ E90?`K[B%6BT0TYJO470J^?+OT"'(AF^>'0YMG6?:])/ B:MTLYU`T>4]7Q[Z#?@!TS$EB@$M$;X13K9Q7(`:S,)=P M SK]G/\?)2^(@C$*9F`QQDN[@3!'O#IK5;ZJ! M0Y&4V?-0-N?0?X52R>L76_P8$Z+F#KRZLVV!R5P1LHKETD_7C>5\Y^%K>\E@ MONZ]QTX7/C6:HC7>I6[]-$9ATT\@12^C*]^GT+7JT^&UJJ;J0;)>2;>,%#-Z MQVKPB@?#>!5&;VKX!+(WKBL_PX?_FS`JD!M%\/`A0LV:R >OG+FME EXOATZ M_RP7IFC-3!=2,GG*JV%>VW,QC9.>FLI? K@@BE^\N/UQ>?KYX?_[^W;N+SY;5LY"N9&'O&B"MF,/509+[/BX" MC!(-HLL`(?-+31W/_RU]K_R`^76`P3VWFT6(AC4KPW8#;-1=V!__U?JK_UN2 M7J/ZQ_S'"5&"UJTDW37*.G`H$8^#'II:ZOQ`.^AQ8DCBXU^CFT7COG0#7O/F M0;R*0!+,1G9.2$B$*./]:$/;VQ(WNANAD7%O.^3&UNPO#TD\?P'I$@VS;483 MVUHWEP4$?CAI^5GLXR'R" :B>>HM^71X_6QRYJ"#N`' DBR]L51_4 0R** M(GLL@N0V*<>W3#AJA-G;34@) V#?3PU#M!LJJ>`2;E$1@>)'X%X7P! M%_71&TC]. X:AK2=XCKFZ[CPK&LP=4!N(%$@-;QG\!$7LKU/,1!Z!U1,%4T+.M M\N\VP6B:0*91="E^P/L&,EQK"O%9O:`2@)@H,>>@I$0`M76W:U'AX_I K^!@&C:%7W$+$S2'?!IDX8VMX[& M[>0!^!G89Y-W(_EXN)%@>EZ#H-'(&CR:;%SG36D)K:&TKN!T>?GQXZ?+C^?O M+S^_-[TBW!4Y%/?7,`Z7Q?(902"J\N=E=TFZX:!D2'!IZ$#;FC5"1J.L!4*U M3/H8[%/;RDE% ^LTRZT T$^ MJ1=[I1Z"+4Q13?+T#:`7J,*N`6XJ]FN4K12::Z";`+0\L#MR/3>4PQDN@)"1 M#+U@KM(W ]3 ?-!1Q2)[!JNJU*"(3[FEKW5S64+6M/DLP[J#SV15A#$KHNH6VG0*I8\> M@0F8+\L4KW6!5:'M@_#RMJ;HC6=>3=/L]E$."*XI2 AKK7(&]TUV(RSNUQ$J9B=CEJUS;_2B-` MR[I%1%+YY+6EJR#ZZ+Z>A/,XG,'%, F' MY'+FZV3=1&Z7^\8$(L> *=,5W=;-&IU+J8M/VZW\&K]KDIW352+E; Z+U5 DHUU\5 .9("C M)LR_6K_`;[,#BMMZ6@,7I;NZ+..,S&N&HPSI51/@E]L"D-MZ6@."KOH30$(+ M]W;N+-?^*LS]".75FB2S_#L4),K DN`@Y'."W#%#W$X'>_4%$BQYW]Y:N M$C"."E6/JN(`BBXM`SC#[/?6G831PQJH*-U!1!EF)$XTO', [7/P;7PK5^380=;/ M*E:U,J 6;. MW]$:S2LY)G3DFYHSWHJSP1-(T0_\.2TG$*-'?]3,UA#'F:"%Z6.].S^R:VC# M]'CV %EU;.%1764H8=XGFS+ESW$,Z2#9=C^,V[Y@\( MYTV^CNY!HB/OBDI;T4!AR+!U.YN!(-_;:!_"/XIP6E:@B,OT#I2%A;>[>VA2 M(@%%M:]HF#*4E9D:_O$M`[,B@G.O3APL&@5U0,!=7'64@:+Z598=?WB$XO_H MB*R2P&DCBR$#116M+$/6'9Q+. .V:Y;H1CH_1_ M10[2.BS[$5"K.3`[N0LB";YKV#AFR69(HI%5 2L,9(+OJ-!D21"3V=0!_=0( *^>QP&2T1D)7JW2T#P'A]/%J('!3#;IB M^[I(D;@I2"`W=A 7K)0; P!2)H4:8%W-N>1#YL;!:2I-ZF@* M!8,9:N2+?09S/YV6DMD_E..Z.[`/))R)IE9])YQ:=3N\G9S-FP%ZC1%Z]1"] MYAA/-R>K?O-'I1SJPS&.KM:L//P*X[5C,%ETIIP-2P+=;&(V&L+4HX33Q*76 MJ&H94.Z7*S],<>H] C MH&&W4 [>?..JLFQ/)K&&-*LEGYWQUFY=]4G6J2MR -?K.KQHF2LF O0TD&M#(Q(B\*1;`,;GN]C>`[.L!POF`D'&#WLQ8RT MFAG0X>3?$:`0EFC&CD1I;1U`-&U!(NQS%!XPM.>0N$!_30$[T61K/^M@(*(O M/FVW\VM\72`Z1;]EXSC`B?I_22)D^$=I^#BRV7'UZX7>VS6WZSV5YUP#`CJL M&40X_)>?__DE38H55?%[+9Q4,0^/&E(-&=\`*D%-&8'N5^NO_F])>AWY&:L$ MD00EZY"DZ:R@2C3V%CE@ \66/G5"1W-HZZ*A0,,&(*L"](_"H"PT]A%D+-`@M=P3S$0GFS$58 M\')N9V[%E]2?XJ3PV2B>XG\@`3!*KK':.ZYQ.?Z-Y^@FZOTKF(8!/)1-%@G] MKG+8Z`0TS,FT(M>WZII[:3%'J$0ADLERY @8B'6%66G,KV5$^Y@ M#Y34N3Q=K$/)\2S3;!E0UP4%L_NQ0"@=S^[C*4"!Q%`D3PL_7?HHE( 4GAOY5_D6TFY!"CE +)#Z?= MP%93.6& :K MEU=0>OOV#OYM59RVB]#4)QA%68#)MXI+VR&*DMU\#Z,(2JV@)OR0)7?:0.20 MA9MY@L5%A%ZF!7!;>?%_W(!I$>1XSJJ%).,;`TYE!*0H"7%+:K0COQ[ )"=@O+$$(W"P\/PQC.O'(A7C\2# M0_$:8_&JP0S/$?O_'-'DXG/TYXBMUGM+-J^.KSULV%"4Z(EKDZ&RS_'"T!Z+ MJ(;7'C;`0$1??-INY]=X`)WAUQZVZKU= ^"=)9V6 %K+PSB@ M;`,B7:T#A>(]H;,L=#P'E%8V<>$7ZVR-PCMK1ES)Q]T/5`.DO/1F3REX"Y,B MB];/($CF, > MGCAKZ[$W!.WT)VC'_=!LBKS&^0*D*#"TN;-TAB>1ZFD#DU\D;H9R"Q]R&H$) MG?%X2/*TP 1N=N+&V=C)K +86\ MK;H4C1OGX;$',:%#A'@O(L2%=_0A0GR($!\BQ&V*RQPBQ( EU5#K];;-D_^&OUL]-U/IWRA/!WI6[?8\$&`'.6C0Q;VAO\\ M(ZX8`3^;W]NG8ZT:.T0(6Q*6:YB9L:?1PCHMLZ5.T=)QW7$FE/K5_Q$NBR53 MK3MM[%0L8VR'JFWGQQ7EAG&[ 1"YKNT[]J%3#UH4PE)(E(HN`Y;%T:F2W9L?1F@EN4O2+["OH/^[ M\^ E;&-#"OI+X#:#"(5B(V0N*2FO^_CK)\L ]S[("3.^K_5?U!"!]8T"\/C'6/K4S6S!. M/+^C^SR WIP4A MQ1F*%GH&$4HT\.+_N`(QF(6Y8)F$B[-W_&^IMP-#U1&H[:K1X7()U?@\.$"O M'J%[+[$1/"\OSCY"='[\]/'#Q CPW/Q_H37SU$[=L8M6]9&9?A59E2>-CRJFQXKMHSX$@] M5U7YKDQUHL/A':)][Q"'%V/#B[%^OA@[W!M-X*_*"0JF3-,N!6-\G>W#T;%\ M4!WDX^:#+:[HI*WW`#F=^=&HAOCIHE6C_+I>!UKR6!L*K^>;WCB7,A1;IS6T M)G*ZZ%0@)U57#&+>Z@_&'+3;8]&O()PO4+`R7/;]>?,=V+ [K/MAXK\MC6H_VI&J[7&*^'!NR])%X]9.]E`3PT M;@\/'/6OA^[AL7O5X-USY_;L8L)ZAOC/)()D(CAAGC5$`/)_N2_+*"L9MR$I M:3F8.@/PF_`MG,)U\MCP;GYW`+>DC+0D".@]M)_#[/>[%*`2 /ZC2/,K]:W/T`:A%7E+EPK MH$LD;+>/NK!6'5]`%@?(JA4!*S!6_9?L`^/QH HK7J[S26!0_XE M@F,[? J>+90>U#@HN8`-6F9^H\F@?WZQ:(TN58B`NZ1(V0#8 MMACTSRT5# D-0?0OG=@CGQ;K8X]1_8^. %4GT4))[D XC#=#4W724T MHZB^A(US5O51I?H-,C(9.)T>?GV8:=I/IYQ"UUQCPH6-[U"2K+7K*!N=X)"& MZ:9M8U.A" BF\4Y.$;'(YH^/('@?#EQC-/K_[>$+5L1ZFX8]6$ M8Y 8 M:+ GC>F?3]GS>.S`> M1RB*;-3E!GT;]QFN?2P\W-.%UJ2HM%AX^XCWAI5!*[`/OC,@F%,F6NRH?81J M8V:S+&'ZSQ>LKP^P[B0I109+%TT%!C#//X`!]EV%I:6,;Q]17XO*)/"%QC!@ M7X&\M%3M[2/\^WK*.67;BKBH5%7P/0V3BX&)T&U0PY:@0X"JZASW?Y-H6`[, MG8[:OCY,@DZ2JM'N@$.2&!9U*,57X9U6S>L-K2-Q9198(+5Z1G1]\&21=6B8 M%3V_0-@@MGI>#/Y;B6,G3=:VW"MHXW-E7[%6EO6LZNHC[FV=1[:4Z4=;.V:4 M^/B&&:59EO6,ZNK*[ON,:BQ0]U!J89R%`4Y*K]^HN_N]`?&"LJD1//BG; 2N_N;3N#.,YO,41V(?!>?2XQG6 Z?NB?3C4 MBJI.*%8BV[X5.^*1-TD`$M6.NGVJSTA6@BR)XZ0J,1NO>Z3P?7UY,B,6S*"V MLP][Q](\`71 >R=78\(>U#?0M'3)OQ+>'T%F]K* M)EZC'8["/F3K09IZ^Y`*09]2$8P.[Z1>DMR/CF(PY?GT,&6.+ETW"V' D=5'LM0[CS-](L4::#PB^ B`6^^RZTVV.?=4%K?(F[F%8 MXY=.#\7'%J;F\@>&#-= Z4T`,R)5E'B+7+KWPK%)4-YZ[I*T^A%J=^R)01K#,%G,B5E1,J^6 M"73T**'GK)`-"/K('Q#T//DVQ/T, P@.CW[4.S] E3].&2\::*@`ZO-ULQ'KTYQ`*AS9L4]9)7U'P%>NZ]-&UN6CX?9+J M\0VSTDX5:*G$Z/`6N7M@MV]:"HYOF)9VJD!1F-G)3$M73Z[#5=&T^!75L*3? M(C\:"_K $V! 0 I+WN93'OR6AS_F;;_F59^3]4,0 !.`%K%I-.6JMSFRG@W6+K/]1#N9P6&5PXLVP"YOA\ MS++?L_KT4_="EVQA]BTNEU(.G6W=;K:Q1KWRVB!HM)5#X[8[XK+^`H)%G$3) M?#U)H@)?8XG&769;^S3:JHW=]5F,,SLUN;]0?8&L/R09:15N:VZ-/I4OP%* UZ@04A[QD? MB\;7:C5Z'Z]`"K43SU%!VS@#3.63&[N'``$^%9D8%6_9CV7M`?)V1CV& ETK;6M_>R2VE2_*K-9&]GKO=U1J' MCO%=SK>-K5:W\JMY"]^,#?X8RN.^EC>;6ZW`%GGS**LW%W(N15,79G+#'BB7 M>RD6X-#X);N;Q_*!$E4J1\1J#"A?H27E03V#&S&NH$,'O&2F("C2=&M/H)E7 M*,W[J7BVG@A&%Q'NW0QPO`OC,` !)'E1N!DP>.VOPKPLRXCBP@JX'4Z26?X=:F 3 M^G@IS2KUI*'B(@'2`$EO#L:S^A$(7%-`ED^2:/]50GL'1U0EP:26?=N(%P;S M^Q7DBP2>75!8-P)F752YMGJ.8[B`KI(, (5[2XW4$Y4A8V*B@X^CJ%$%E^+3A@ M#A ';IZ2J(>IVN/AV;"Z'6N+48#90\&1?D.?EN]@M\$.Z#XCT'TR.[$X M)%J?S3DXT9&=@"CVAS`/Y^7UP,]HX;.'C:P1/Z --Z2L,`;)FD1L)R];-8W2V:VU6Z/+/& M8V05;\2C(E]@_#&RO)`;6X4%H;58@B^.W`&&PLT.F6"F QQ M%W45#PG]V)_ZS^`-Q`48S4$ /T^8KXM;>KF"EB[LVIEWH`J015;U:WC!7\^2%.>DO%JS=G6! MGM:H7NJZU85)CB>)PON]K`ZIES+NOE;IL8M:A!7 V[1M2A%9^?HZ-'PD5IO0 \RP=I*9.PX*;80VYBDQ@`9ZRKN%8P[PI/8:%B-K>*E1(&8G$ M6&-$K1BV$Q'Y:*UGU]++&O7*:8M3VRW\.G)8>(;*@H)>M!6%:S3JA_I;U' N ?@KQ=!:3V=FJ# M+5R*1KC9LRW!!%O+MS_\917 $[S9Q1;CM7/ AJAN M\VL!T5C9=V[]-`[C.>G(QFK>?\4* *#;:BX_;$*4ZS$&S^G/^?B[>\Z9GC8K2#TZ50@A*I*ERJM\Z,+H^B0 MA.M`XN2XPM)G35BZ-.3CK\9>':WSC.;LHOG]>?N[@:)N[-:&J3-;UB.A("+V M_B30L]]0Z,IH#0(]H4+*C),I\#-P`\H_[^,RX 11/;PYYY+@) %U]`2\@V504GF M, X801`TL+,:>Q),-[#35=MEQ#"\\DA-*9A8&/4]_% K[D!UF,*IPY[TV55MFL;K3-#C^-& MIK-1$*3%0:Q4!TINH%`5XS7"K(FH59SLI!&`5,N&G2J1HZ =FU)&=GZ3G`T#4;\*9+$I1M&8Y$4P5J8MU1VM` ZT?Q5%VQ$JTC.$$0*Q65JJ 7R?+ M51(C[L:SIS1Y"S-(%L[R1I-G$*& 2_) ,T>OBOF=+#V"N&#W M=00=$DPZ GD"!Y$N%/U./?@ MF&GF^42U@8J!@J]SW\'1@4M%#W_-KQFU#'9V4CFP\)!P!3+2O#I3PVLS> [A]N"`O /L+X V,99@B%/1.#I]?4#VQ4'1-VN_M*'*XV%1D-+8:*?@IG01&RGX.HX/! M8% Q?1")8JN_ARTN]1 /2^28K7?%9$\' MJX IP;A^T=QAD:(0=`Y'W3AWQKHBMT@_P#M=-`$Y/.JP M'JBH(7X"T).5@C.F&Y*,"/F/!'!&Z.TBD'C9="[H;R,$;)?@!09N[!P.Z%PY M8XHYX/E+FF3 E/=[N`F6 MUCNS?-$/RV$@A``WE:^G:,>NWE_L.2^7:UZ#?WA5J%Z7\UZ8B)T=`H 744$)\1N#L&#G[_.Q3IL/&N09H? UHE;_0.H0:EN:[1I*6%]K;>'HL@Q3Z6YG>#$PWR LQ>T.#)M=-J_;MT:(P^SPV0"9J3'L,W5!1#? MF4'T8>0V9'K/=3#Z$=*V*=[NUF'*)!H.L=E)C!S@.K?#,7>3+/V05N:.W-@Z MX'125;N;CL&U(@-_#E))BP(\]R!-OSN[J/2,*M%^K0Y#HRSTG_P`U !QW"(W M//,E@ -\^ DI$ MH*K\*G$O_W`$K^FMG\;PM)P]@?0Z62Z3>+*`LK_RLS"`1^Z;$%Z6P)3 7_$` T:!53)18?G4`4 :3K60$*EZCH!XKBV M8]5@&J_8QN.=W_=9^=Q&Y7:.C1N2U1P5G@' $6*8AG7X4@(-> C ? M8#2[8#;1.QI?23Z#`(1OR` 6JV]+'R(ISH$A \.W!9:T6BX-/%T1]B[?74+P??QP>?'A[/SBL^G4 M*M1A\V5487>W;@F15M+AXM))!O;6?:`R &_OH-3$^SP=G50Y9W9-VZ/TKQ?/+1D5FGO:!UJ MCG5X8$N`"ARKU$^R7O)ULD[MDGH24'BK9=.I>*]1$!3+(D+FLAL`^0C"JC#F M*@)8K?%TM$S2//P3_YPJ-;H33`EY=W&H54)=]S6B/=5X6#W+CB!A'W(76\) 4XGD(CP`X6S *D;$NM6DN^8.%Q8%(M$2]F4$8P6J\T-@^U_`3\ !:4@@[L-T"'*@5%SYFMA 2=EY:F&`7_OO2R`5P_&*T>#`N]J M,J=F!C(=75 6JTCNI5AE7'^L4 M+:(G@I:%>554;TZ1>LO1,D/;=MK8ISYA!1"4V,JAG ?NCOMIWS\614%5@^Y16/6*8I/U'05Z5Q85P`>?*=P;T]S"R;E*/BC".'0 M;XH47C2?\-C:[FN$+LXA@)M)S=6B#+T6V8@APA]!>MMDVV^#!Z&+>_#@95)S M=G9#5^?-]I?Z C9S8%04M)U?2-G.&R/Q-D,Y;'UJAO,=;]"'LTL+ M7JHS(OZNUE_]WY)T6\>XU=0N0LS:/49>DRSC?&?16&7/Y>2&8;P7H&`=4A1J ME>`*[BB8ON!DR\JCOV0_>A>D8AU>NJI4""3 SAV!Q`2D;V$`1O,4E"4"F;"@M#X1:(AP;]P'0O9FI?X4 M+/WT=Y3.$/\#"8'AT6*U=USK MCJ.GBQ0 ?I:AUX3-V*>^3"9SVO M99L9.7I:!PAIG0FIG\F^FV7`&=)X!FAA+F/FM[E%6)$$ $5IM:`H_3A`VWV0AV^X M,-H$Q'`@5VDXG8,7D"X?$C^^\X,P@F.3S$+U[C`+%?H^CJ_8C,#;#L'[:SD( MKQR%AX;AH7%X]4#^W9X458@3[E@*6F,S]L'7_#Z&(RC:TO836EJW*+#5L&O; MX^/&WES[#TD\AR?F)>*D);D^J:F5NN/1R*$NN=FS-U/^/@O,.`%R8^L4RJV6 M=HVZ[]XO-SFTO3&M[/O-K%>ZD`6=BSM'%+Z[W+59RBFMK5.__"(NPJ%5QFXT MU/'L&N(NS.N3Z5?_1[@LEE=)FB;?X;'VVE_!W^1KVH(N0,)RE8M:O#NSKMGT M; `0@S`=`01Z F VM8;Z",.(4DJG3,!QG2Q?PQCK93LW[@`@E?-M[>,(!N1Y MU1"? Q!I/B-4$Y'%!@SV.2@^RF`+#I>^K:SM/- M>CUSK^?2W%JM OAG*:%&+7SV225DU$\[3;II4F>`$RZ2,*1 M.D>#@[>S@_ 0!D@+ H6==%T9%SK)="0KZ\6 M0E7W!$F('I6]W](Q>/!RJ-7G:\B`6//^Y*_1&GI=I"D]S2FYL:-HX&!2J_=6 M&!#D6@)0%E_]O$`T;PY]]Z0FCNB3FS6MKMCW1EVQZ$!=AR9(.V`/4E*V. M1W_"KR100[>\KM9DE#P%1RQGTL?.OED;[+:#$5[%JXG!"#\8X978ZMY`_)2$ M %DF1^?'TY3N(W@##7M>=K/4X$;#9 M:9*&G9C"_"%N(2L$7K]"B2_V&%V$:0X`W:'?E:0[6-(B"4O]".$/S"EB\_\# M:4*9,W?A#+'7X!B5U6;"21%E=U"E4R#&G0ODW)[P=X(3"0J)B:JN)-V!DQ9) M&,_SR-[L\-9.F#LD7E%3OOU.GJH[:-(E#./9(%M.Y,*+\6,8`_:^IXJV.^#2 M*Y(*8I=V00QMVLSK2$8Z1GZ'#=`%A;YH*2#K#K"T2:/"U$>[,-6XXX8_&MQ" MN ''`1C/FM%J%)"T=W0,+)(,VU95G7PS*="1 M>3R[\= N%%?BN(\>PI#>,@ M7/G1??P(?N15N%$2YPM6@*8T3<>`IEX6&BS[QN],0E+Z%_#3E^^)"O!5I$X9 M -\)XSGD[:E(@P6\BX]G D-E*7:*5D@_\WXO^,R['J&W':*'Q[BI MBX , UT(;GD>;LZ@H;.+!\GS?J1W[%%8#H'TU&6@1P]R)D`*'XX M(:+U,U@E:0XJUSZ@0ZD+*4>@I5P$BMXY*3L#Z=NQ[N/R) G1!&[ M*8N,8R!3PKZBEU$]`%CY:GU E_]`0X5+5,Z#6W C*T%Z*Q\WTMS=: M6* P?J^=HRZSF%[>(-2&5Q7UO4 M*?F"@9 Y]:JB[N:X-"N=72KM'>O4WH2W%?&W'"_9Y!FS3LQ)3MQ7U[C24M MDC#^:L*!XKZ]1I5.@0S%?65*VO8:3EHD,13W%:+J#IIT"6,H[JNFDFVOP:57 M)$-QWR[E;'L-+&W2&(K[JJEDVVMTZ17)4-R77M^VW[!1Q+R=Q7UQRJF=[,DT M$%!:NJ-H$0:'BKQ#,(A5P2` 3&-XZ#_]-$1'XDT2Z3BO M'KZ)A(%>G)WOAX'6A+V:LE>3-AOF261X#6_S3VFX]-/U%8C!+`Q"^- "`&)XJ3\@:+"C57C=0'#?D536@ M()=^/`\AOR4W5(LQN6&O` 8$A(XMCY7;6>'M]0H5QDK@\M$LG M:'E_>'NM"'LU914I6(C[YQX'E'LFHV7S&=Q'=!$7?W-(R64[@\B 9X?]2[S261F'JVWG3"R&4@D/ MF5CZ\,PKS?(G/\W'LR=_W40I(ZR=W JQY?GZ,OWH;LF=ISYYE[BF:*F?XP6&SX30B M_)99 GP2_M$ MR>V.`)A[2UNW7@!'I,ZE%,..8.1;'.9@BF/3LJ8 4 M+,&J(_>7ZV2Y2F(HVO$,OW ^0*FF?L2XO(@3 ML@9!&FXNBJ3!6$D,!W1P,OCH+]GY#87I6(,:Q:J6QE"+:(R?:\D^[RQ \ECGV`=*U*UH=VL@ MH_#\KD0&U*NA`OU^BU,0)/,X_!-,(40+%`H:H6A/8DEY1NN^:8\M\ET-BK)M M5_R(+K_2*`B*91&A!:_ZZ?@UJE8[;F J8I.7*N0E&+7#1DMK9P,^40T,OW1"4.(;D!AP)RT9!`NZ 6%N@\,:.TDJ1J^CKM);K,\7/H; MH=TN5U&R!FE3.5!TC^!'OA4=/W0EB)\@;%5)J8:LZ_Z6+"N6F+7L6P:FUWX4 M($]\&,\/+&SHV2G*@?;,RE&NB/[I`5>EH&KL=O741/NPO=1D0Z ^2D0IR/9RBX$ -4LN:LT"XM5+I# M"U1W"0]`E9)0#5/'?4[MLL)/(12B$],;0"DBF!J+EOB=**\$POR??E2@LXN? M+4;Q%/V!=H0W/T)F$.);@98^KL)$GODZFEN/ST=-XDDH%03MM`IDNH_?0)8C M4QA*8D'"`;O#CAPND!S>.P,"" 2'VY>NWGP>+;JLGM0[@\"'9N:^XR-H3YKG7? MU>UP8`=3M:DL5WZ\_HI8J@S58`?MQ'VEI8_+`)!COD:!'DN^&BCPJO_D5"ZN M9CW/$PQ9#&OV)WD2_#[^'L.Q+ OUG7\!+>QE-+?=31U$T2-+DN,H /0"O&H$'A[#IA@=A WS(H$O!>"K;_I22L14X=.4>@D.*84 43[3[ T>(NI\N!!S M/E3#\.XW#;S&2#PX%.Q^\,K!#$Z(P0DQ."$&)X3MMB"-3@B+D#0X(08GQ."$ M&)P0@Q/"FHW'$2?$P9V$&PH'/:T#@MZ[+1__BE:1%;Y%3W(_S>UU3@P.+0T. MK:Z>"5K8N34.BL&EI<>EU?7EJ_7O%396;=FB9.3^)P8G$2DH,OQ;OR35]JTG M/]Q_2L?7Z ^ !QBD`1=7&RIO?;7P8_V$-EN[\,*UR?TE$%Q%[G]K: MQ2T#1;7#>F%/P$?3J$/@&HW`B:%+2`QV%063R,>V?7!=15 0O,A*P?"CZJ#KJ2U>?`+06\C*FB6J MG%`HE4OC2/&8Q`%>V_F=BBUT3@QC,M)057W**L!5T6/PKH-K&CPE69Z"/$QQ MWCA20J=20`^A_QI&K&HHW0D[#4E-XNE $J\PW7,'OA>[`'?9NR$]WM_\QKC)_P>/^]# M/'B8"4QN^]AOR$$X//\;GO\-S__Z]PI#X_,_:\P;P_._X?G?\/QO>/XW//^S M:.-QY/E? ]UW]C M(CV-=(SJQ,OJ:6`"L7H.4^A80E7T!/1D)E&W6!7-XQBFC79I*GKYVC)?3-BM M"6;\AD"QSPE52$W!`E%X`_ .6LIMX MY@K,DA2\^#\$7OG*?L(Z:.E^!ZQ44%T7L-X$)G*);;^LPC7D/\QUH;GE:P.P M% 2`=96"TURSJ$^+NA90#["5%(VJHD/V MQ:27\JB+Q#0 #(5L%38[/((C\+`MG85`5*2>O*/4RTK1U MD2M)R\X&C2,YR1ER;'EJ]E(8 J9*FKD;X)=(PAG>1,,B;8KOX5 M.QU_`D?9T?2W(LM1OJZ-H$HAPAXI\#/8I_RS^WV#^U,G.064"ZQK]:E=:+\0 M/8@?3'H0?P7A?`&'-GH#J3\'HRPKEIC)[%N&!GR;Y>$2CKVQ+E2T;G^LX%_` M*)YNZL`]E0.M7EP=>B!%O8L?Q;R+-2\_5 !\'[^/@?1R\C[8;@35Z'ZTIB#%X'P?OX^!]'+R/ M@_?1HHVGE]Y'0C3J[@WIVH\"%)L:QG.RZ02QC7(=H.I`_-'`'3YB';PT1P>K M%I6+#L7N8D/B&L^0R05N#1@]M?U$&ZCIGQP@KE)P6OV(O04\L@2AG'4/23Q_ M`>FRKH$J6D=6Z6 V;W`D+\GF_=Z>+ZZY!MPEZ;=)EX(Q MG\1 @9.M'J:'QHG+P7S[^^3O_:D) L@*`\7'N@=07B*%C^:L &O\QG!_BK%IXB M!QL-_M; WL?P,`,R[+A!)L$DAAWXSPXJ/C9`78W(%#G1G%C? MCP!P_H\-`% -VVSI)O^&7J%O"B?]$H(4JG>QOEKC M7U^CQ[JBSH?/',Z' >H5 DSLU`:L/4AJ4&/TSG`T=/ MZX"B5*F'F)$5B2/VY@W[]_&JR+,'\`:B +"XUA`2;@L\+H3A )`"8K$U5`K6 MP> 3#6' @D*865=PD2R723S)D^!W-ACVV[F'`"X.C1\]B8;@ M B1J&"U*^1IQ$\;S"$SOBGA*7KY;6CNE75$^ M597:,KQH?YM\2=Y`&F-CW1S$`9(9>,TG("C@,13^B[F6\W9W!BI*&-?PW,O, MAI^NDA3*3P`PS#[.H42 ?^'%SYP>]PG^3#!KN3 >HP-+;9_M^F]_HJP&Z!%+/'T&`8#WI]>H!3C2])S#E%I)5'#[9-?Y]2[\ M@?)WHRS(O(?8MB[.X$":V4K5G^U2=9W]FDO)],9.J5>0S=JX=-;S/>,9^-%M MEJ,,`504,-LZ`P)Q+FL,]-W"^`N8SCG4O]_,. ^N[?OX#91E#=A: M/VCGG-KY.*SU;IG5 X.`?T$#\*[V'D@C`9B\]O?CQ_>#V]_K7W[6VOG ^ YG^;VYJ8?!7GA1W7%ZZU@)GD81 6@XB%B(NJ H"KC7?11"#E4YK`'TP6?AK&\^V31;SF9^'J]L ,J;RKT^3^Z=_]ZI!H0HKU;!LCK#\?'XF$6%)'!CA M&GN=Q'D:OA9YY=4BQ4J*=+5FFQ$5[ZYAIQ.[]H:Q; NKWAI42L)+CR - M-8J5UP9!HZT ))$^$]Z&`&CM7U:;=7(WF53D# ZU*,,^,[,*4H1)7'FE$&8J=%[[7&PX_Q,!Y9DQXM.$>TNS5: M5G@L4B(#*C(,NGOV.4"W"I1Q8!ZCQ-!L9P^[;]]@(.GLD1""AGV9$!JAT\L# M>4Q!'I9^TMIL_NBGZ$;Y!L2 H&2FY(L'QTH6:-]'8&Y MJN6BPXFC"A9$2TDG6M9`0[4:.P/DN/88U>!Z@GP%:8A'=I,6 E;&.`+T#7D/\QUH;GE:P.P% LW"ZQK5*5WGV M+^"GXY@6+\+7V6E4=1!!!:A+M_?%VRP/E^B 5X$=(8MPKF0QQI^&H44057#]J6O\^V`+849852\Q 7>J0LM"A^1D*F7\+[O"1$P.P AU"C4Y2:RYJ3*(:.7[XE* M'$)R`PYYA5+C4) @,6N:520U&7JZ974`S?E*Z+B-X`16ZIU%#4Y=7I"Q21@+:7N^QE`5+@ MSW)J6*ZZ#PQ@E1=3C=ZN+J1H'[:?C"46V(:Z-JR[5=JZ,N[D+MF+A?X51#-_ M(\M,-"/!.^Z,!,VLTG!T7CV\3?+HOY8C_' 9#7X='9Y>:)9 M#4PN1Y)*.ER#NK-O;^YJNQZWV;![== 00Z%10&;137R_\>`ZR^[JDW'::9313=76S M$;-37TC9J:O1>?>;\HA>8X`L0S4>Y&"E'JS4@Y5ZL%+W\LZOT4KM5`HV&Q`Q M6*D'*_5@I>X+N`8K]6"E9H#AX";$#86#GM8!0>_%FH]_1:O("E_A)[F?YO:: M:P:/AP:/A_/9Q0:?AQZ?A_/6X8U173:#%[G_B H[Q(:8&!RQYE_[V>(N2KY7S#.=0 @"R R6T&""9T K!_`&X@8AP2^SM8A1.&AH8,$&-XVPX>( M#2=?@8]L@OCV= \V0A1,-FA(BJE8$1:5$XLL]L>+Z/5T6>83F>,_ ME!;6]O2!1>D;A8)H1 MJF'+L01SD56S9SJ.GT%0I"FJMN!G8?8M3EXSD+XA">'9@`H=QD$8A5A_32'P MG6`4?\YFJ''@@X&O8PC*D1WN:Q*#]5 ?0!#@,\:U7Y:HV83=M&Z2 \ZU+9B-LJ@N+V/I402,B#LUO0`RM+X])R ==7P1;;5A]#A5&(F*1'.Q=F$H$6.. ;G)K^ MN67@YG,-1B0BO+FB:VHX"^&.#%4R"H)BB2I_PEOO]?U]G"=EL8#;V0R@0&?P MA/*\)2BUEDPD;X?/G1IFC 6C5 [RLZ&S MSC:+Q6:,>,C3TBS'EY^,WM6ZE41$'X #@$G];.[ZS3BK1 ^M4:["78V/ M27M?F.!Q,]W5C1;6*9`M=8J6W/ BA) D@JBJ M2 @B`3X+L?C?'0[N.@CA!/TM+41;@5M75Q M2^O2'/>@J!,>_0M(ES0[$_J=>^IDLZ8H**'E$GQ$M\IV1RMKQ%?'E7+YJBO% M0RSORE4PM=?'P[+G!"=,LY!,.1BO&HU7#L>KQX,+R6Q&5-*2+QYCF^OF/9R( MG\Y1TKCWGS\9*B*RI^X=;-1:>`8!"''P]'61HGG)= P0_N9.&68L8G+R7 K M/N#M+BE2E7#;T#MQM+'EH"$/>"_`%KXI7=LV]$X=;$PY:`A'M1]L+PN0`G^6 MTRM]29([::BUB$%1X&>_D*8$7R>-*A:6/BJLI6PKEFX*L//S20&%`EN7=J 8@BM7 2[!^_L2"OE??P&T!Q: M/X-5D08+/P/;ZRH5(Y*4W`*,2B'8]=Z/B)YQO@#I=9'ER1*D'!AAMG *L M'B>TU H]"G-J/!0(JW/(J"(_F* 6%DTXSEAN@O3L$Z[XCK970742$!SID]#UE^2;"MCS.V/%2NQ+$=/ MIY#4E6_-B4`-93 'SV7:FI\,4G2_J=&;G9'$$01]F.(*?2CT:QSOKQ? N-:?JU'=KW67OY7LB!0;8[P3!0.-:4=RD IP@(*M^: M,UL>"Q(H.%T*$:CC"0*"RK:B($7C>`C?Y%8(U/$4\4!C6U&DH$D\;-X24"/H MI6B 8XPA;5=$EB%(:+DC&&_FN5W$\RA?+G MP]!3_$6O\4D 7%!T/)>I(LVQDK*ZB5W-BZY:.[)@[M%@*L6QX:V KDJ,G@9R;()F)>'#/J.RNQCG?([[;+BK-H; MB5H-G1E\NM/&.E6*:X.@T58.C2_;1",*/.3G:?A:H,%,DJ@HW=&TT"]&:_NT MVJJ174.(*&_&]:EF^CZER;0(\G$Z`>E;&+"N/*2FUJF]T[K,S2'#VVYX.:Y8 M0+?YB@GVNP!J>^LTRZT @-I/X LOR:KY=7Z$57]!./9]L=KQK+/3\`Z%'7:##KR MS8C!L0H1%5/,38+1PWZ=BZFM#0?MS-NY?3PF:;[( HE%J0PRCWSZR;WY:\=4V,J:ALRRJK6'S8:C'#:.P3K[`F)X MZXA8KZ]IK1W3K2BG&O*Z&C]BW_A+>`/-4!7ZZB9[`U#1>;)IE;.70SCIPK'Q M[*S$U>`I!6]A4F37*&4C=14@M')(JR( B7,W'TCO M".(ZR?)G$"3S./P33-'?X&C794(:,'U)V`4@94BYAS%E4M#\H%I-_ ?O4Z6JR2&OQLMDX):6E"2FCN@TB$(S:^N M#:7KV+L;/@&XM,;SZ\@/EUFY`O-Y$`D=W8.3),^:'V>KR>0QFI9[*MQ>T46_ MXHT4?D)LZ(ZR!7G48/;0=>1\@D"%`IG-6`?,;2.W5,K)GX:2*L9MUWO+5F6B MG23%?)'_TX\*OA>/A'[N(*0;RYH?2PN_CB77J?&C#)1[%4J O,XN5]#[-WZ,7#*)["3 YQ.0%Y'N'G5IL\JO"W63C% M1>^2^+Q]U6DEX0Y4E'%?8\62>"A%CUVJV7&7I`]@[D=;T5#?,-%[N`,:669K MC.B)NE)S+KW-\G#IYV"Z8Z+;GLM0%I,(^'&Q0KXATM55D(([L%#%?`T3/1%; M:C:=#9\OX1(\`4A]^I+`^;##]C. >U`R5'8*!!"#1^5`5P$^%B0 M*FS[YNP9?C-]`[!A)1G1Y&'ONB4/VX[$JX:"FU>#.;6,8C9 0QWM# M;Y&R.36VY]*4YMBNYY-V1WG;@)).B[T@G]202R-*W3^=TW2YW\Y^%;*U0%`C M%XN*9O8*7Q\GN9_F!_/[TH;YO4;_O(_+:RZ?WZ+9PT%X"#*K]1VUH>3/@ZF9 M?3J4,S5+>R,^EQ")X;>058J(E(_]WU?Z$9'?;6-1]]J[W%ENXRE]7]%H%9SD M2?`[/"]#5K+;/PKX7;E2`9"?@U(!3=K_YI74[2D)0.`\R=LL=FV=E+S0W_\$ MR>3&:&G=.LTGZ>U+?'ZN=%AC*!E,WL(I!'[V#%=N>(B8+"#7!(L9LZTUBA$5 M\ZZ"Q/@SJR*B!:REM55J$A,VAZ*.:_Y27O8]FC:9H9=[)[6S7[' H(1#JS;%O^-(6^K.T&]Y0F M\]1?CHI\` $G@$Z)87Q?"N9;1L)5''0 M.PF@R X],>^K:'/N[AKWOX\^Z%2R%L74))O3^[^'1^ M^>']Y8>S8?]1;PB34(*R;:COA89WV*X9KIX9H5P#+=L-;_ B)PPV8 MP IXXNM*XGJ]U'2`8W1D[AW24I".?Q=0%9BX/U2PH%%)5(F?Y69#B/ MAQILBWSII/' 9WS-YEFH)H MCJKE-M/6# ?SS_#_+R[@!?#25'!"L`#3(@+C&6W(5^N=WS`RS$G1LF[= MD%(=P;6L3!CV9C5[1CLOX^W/YO?6*5F==@XUS^;: 6["&!.Q,\&:,XD#@(X_DS"$#XAG8EM%'5?W^!@V*_Q94F:1UT=&[AR@7% M\;[7T,ON70:8SWE)3:V#A7+5$8X.O')P9)O!HMPRS=QNB&VM`PFW!@^5S\^@ M(]JGK*X/+?EJV[I9APFM5T(982AZT:9E#6@P%!Z4C>?J8YW^I734NCYP,*UH MG:`%A1M*@`M%B$H63T!0I+ADR%.$'#'347:=1$@F*6*1$EG5WM55^$CSKC4A M@9H*2N,BSW(?5[*N9@DIF2FCI6M*%V55D8?2EE>U%.E5)82P$[>Y_?X:YHMF M%[&#!R]5US"F4RQN/GBC2`J]>1>#'.IQ8G"BLGRLEV\ZXX#!'& P2E*4N;LME)?:W*R'>W] JM-S@%-:F:?HA0) M?_>TR QT^X5#D%2HP>+H-'E&W-U0-,P65C9YZ`/(^PO>I+ M"F5!`PNMO=-0$6)::T$I-='6E;MB%(7S&#%31WJ2SBV4IB[J6YA?-W/V7_NK M,/ +B-'E.T*+A^="IPN!8GL!.,5*GB!7SR5 MC41#J0\+.1!#J;=?]#:?W#0=PJM="*_^!&?,V6>[%@J=X=4UO_9FE-(;YV&% MOA7IL$N A;4A$N?!H4&GX@*LT&BK-F3B`GJGR=HL+Z+1 MW3XN:I:#0SLC/TB\5/=2%+9:_76RSM"-14CG+52 .BSCDXU&#[M38:LX]:%>5-D8'W&/J\"5,0Y,U?-1XCB"F;@Y2;2)!E M7$-=55TPF?@1R%Z2ZR++DR7\WJ]0LHL$#EL0(VUTW`2(%->*S+1'640@5UD> M!D\+/UWZ`8`_#?Q(S:(B3MI-#*D21`6K3SV`U;4?^U-?`ZB$";L)*35BJ`#U MN0>`^@JFB,=)D $KI-TE:1^3K_/[K7HO7IY^*F5 MU?\DQ+7[MC:\LPN54)KW6N=2S-4`Z'LUA&,^N;`"&/H K0EX04 WH#7.EZ;LLZ3&[L( M$@F.NSJO6J*/#262:50_1Y6?\8N?`LJT6C51[0X`I5M5['WQ?X#L]D>>^E`: M8>RG:RQL%(X+>T+^(JR.4J94D&G[HMM(/:[8-#_>,`3WNS`. )L6(N`Q*!9)0]J@CMP5C-P`./0C]RC#8%`0%4(P> M+J-'E&W-#SH,P47?^Q_'X"+*MB(/H&75H=C( @,3_%K/UO`!0[] M@9(RO/D1#H#/K_TT74-Y_-./"MIA@ZNORQJ7%X`J?YME#Y#'^0*DS&6@T A^>_M4K_]E M*) 2%ZV-X^W0MIB.JBY^34^%O#)APR$/Q]GKS]'"1%G*?K M$@W5/_:!4/WX?[Y-]C2^_85]JA52S5:U+2P9UR'16XM-Z[%?CH4:5T=HY8S: M1/@S_B)TB+2R;*-6'FDU!%=9 MDW8(A MJ:'Z5"G)L;U)GE26]#2IWP[*(6X%?)Q:KU?%U3MMF,' M:9&R.36VNU;+ JBUP3BJDIM6$;=T MV4HY[DJK>KZU%H$G+;E"A>-M4S/_.BO%IETZ'S+G'O%X+9TDEU4,V9"!;4B2 MR\>AG8?I(?U>Q_1[ENES2'HLG?38LI2XS,V&YM'D[VB-CI7=@3KP37U=.C@N ME:O31K ""`!#OHOVY^9/(+T)X=$&3" P MN[)!/N!2/&"ZE0Z &\1-,1LUZ)@0(T M2FMW023"L*K4[\2MT8JUBK*.7_E9&'3>&+=4W(63"D&XF1E" 1:,XX8 [@)'E&E5>>V5G5+(P7MTKD8S*#MX'B-%\K7W [6-2!['+8*KS1LR`.8F?J*X[2:?&JY=K>?*X$H\J57/ M@T91.(_1-E(E>R;%A=&:NH LR86]TK3-78?&:@3\*Q.H;BI44>I3^ M_O!1^I:>APD:SC>XRUW6EF^0TAQK_^SBTX?SB\^?SC]?G'TTM&OL#9"94)#0 MU)HY*R5P0I`?+X_VI@1D9.._6G_U?TO2\G40_2&,``7;]2_R&*8KV_9F"F1P MMN7KT5^2'T=*4K$.&EWU*X08;HG8^7QC4QOU%^!/_RC/0O0''(S6?4(!M\YV M3WBBW!O7N.:$5E?K%_AM=OJ2MI[6P:;#OB+++L 4/["94CQ$]; .J@#)&6;SC:?W7^^4J3=Y`>T5JKK[]@4Z+P@^A(\^_(^!Y M\.,I$R';!@[#H(5)XR](M1@E'MK2YE*:6X>##H A1` M%$-$/8$T0'* L486G)S^D!? PB+92T- MG(%R%.&/(X66Q8JK-91_Z^$BYQJNE,I!T=M1JW!'O>Y]R\"LB!["&:@RHHI: MR0X(N(:MCIPK>FBJ-U2&MBY30K!XNK@"`VE>%3W];#G6:(V:6:W*`%P_75\G M @`RA'_#)69OH&LQ17, MU]D:X*C3)PLCPJ*P-_*(S1335 D-TGQFL,; M0#W'F*[`]HX]`PY#UX>PD>3>.&B(Y[MQO@#I5B;4$#1B.Q>U+,:L 59Y'P_ 5XPTELF'+Y'KAIW-TWD)Q8,AC6KXO MET(;A=:`/F'I:*Y(;S P7#[75%SK&PZ3[`C4 '-D550) M``,FFJ%/)IJA3W5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``.T]:Y/;-I+?K^K^`\]?UJG*>!Z. MD[4KV:UY>!+7C2WM/.*]^[*%(2&)&XI40%(SVE]_W7CP"0(DI5DR=?QBCXA& MHX%N`(U&H_O'OSZO`V=+6>Q'X4^O3M^ 'RY_>I7&1R1V??_57__R MG__QXW\='?W]XO;&\2(W7=,P _;F-"NYE"U'X0?GW?'9\=G)Z9ES>O+AW 2S+7[&XWC*#P]>XL$ OG)@],+XP_,C M"[PD`\>?;R*V!+B3=\>BL`CJ9Y#8_R+TVV,_C!,2NE3"ER"?WBJXT^._?[ZY MXT1GB`,__$T'?OK^_?MC7JI`:Y!E$K#X$89>@8?I6@_M)>PXV6WH,4!0YKM9 MA2AL42 #]N"Q(^\756"O#L].CD]RKD'W&W-:3_ +:8;2CCK O>@,?9&T)8JKIDL!-@QX5 M '9^$%"7#^WZTHK(H&SI7AS`P[,S-,HG($KHE-76?:)8E7UT'T MU':BY?!FMGW799XA4H=CG1A88>"5'[M!%*>,7J2Q'P+`9;1^]$.Q+%T3G_U* M@I3.%N=Q#!/@W/T]!3W&.P^]&Y\\^@&02F,H@]W*NZ()\0/)Z9=`;!*)[V`F MGX$8Y.W"#]6T4VS;>8VM.[QYE`Y!@*,H ;QW`Y+RN?9HXVH:C8L!@)M"X.+7AI$,9$W-7 MJ&CQ>9!0AFO\EE[F_:RR>V]\-EGXOBH+HD6'-UE=#E2S8JK+AD$P"FT[A $/63GD.U8!.GMUU6GHP0!R@I0V;J M1S2)V$%$[):Z4>C">8)WX((F3Y2&'Q KV$7OI5NVB>1W9I$LD^=(^IR,0+XM8GO.+%15FY E*7%(7T6X>CY5M"AE@C/';X29;:R-+/4>0]^4$`X_ 2L;MK!REPZLJ: A@>&VR4]N`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`&5FU`]U1FEB M=TTL.I0#D B9UJ:*F7\:*[_%@V5BY9Z7HU_0'QFS5#6%G>Q4V M[WJ$27)>9TU,427WYO6YYW&B2A,S2_=Q239^0@*,*'P7+9(GPBB/Y0]U`'%C M_N(7;]`F4]W]*7*R''WBDP)ECB+-*=(V"6/?JWS;>M.JCEDDVD;ZFA:7`_#S M+EVO"=O-%IB.GF>C!Z5-AEF7N>CA V_ `QLH$$1]#` MTPK(X.R2#'Z`*Q`RR5-_WQ&K1M*NEED&.L2;FY:)@[`UCWG_E?K+50)S=TL9 M6>)U3[K>\!GW$&/VX(]QXL.63+-9/UM\7&^":$?%"7XF@#N)QXNU;A.S#FY+ MQ9#\BLHC2:93H--!0C&OL2+5N5_1P@*%]17)PE+A2*(G^=U#?M5F),=REB9Q M0D+4%[M)HAV/3:9J^8@-,I7O8+(]I]#@)`][R$.^&,@[R5TW.6BN;^-_+062 M@?^%Z:_N3G 6L(=,`G)@`;F- MTUZRH*EG8_L/[=E^>_ F-[Y?83-(F&!-C.T32SNR031_P&%C7DF4#/G+!&\)Z;U9]K/+(KCAY!E M.2[AJW)1L_.Q36T;:VLJ=9FUO`FGV`:69&YT$\-[!W)O8*\1ULS,UF'=)Z;U M?@ @94'O:R0_*\2PC]R6,*@^;PG.TSQ:J6B]):(W5)B$U?Y)6$E+(WHVW M,8H(F7\>[>\*S21"^ST^NJ.A'[$+YGM+>D_9^B8BX35Q\>9]9UM,#H35+$)= M(\`[KT7CCFC=P>8=;-]1!'PSK4`'$Y^'>`::?!`M=QQ&.G#T%YR6^&PB4UMU M+"+S H=B6H;'F2E 1V-@17T$0 D3 .)RV M;,_BE3/R'$'?M*.]@&!BR66TI5"06,V=?='8!*CFDV`1(%Z )PZ%RXS2P MW09N9F^G3#D3^[H_S+?-6ANXF7TM XEP5P,J92ZFE!VEOU!B+/-A9K+EGDN=',#1T.DZDJ&6'9&^(2H[CBR M/_DTJ N];B%[^Z*$H-TH+X,04M82,'N=B)_WF.$F3 MG.VU`-Y2-PK1W,.[,UO FVB)6;QB^\<>=M M2;B0@$EN]CU!P0=TL(!Y^BG ILTM3AB M5TXYJ&Y),IR 4@ M7,UG=N$D)R>. 2H=B7 $]XL_:U!HKO)FE;7*13ZI,WTG;D'' O?.+K`0,/MWI2V`>/F?-[9C:?IOD+B IN^\I("TP MVT2F=@[I)C(Y!8XD0218$41, :"&G:J-?3DM"7E7=B M"/E3LOB6;E+FKC"&PVQ+V0V)D_L5H_1_*&&-L :\ MYHV Q?X:1O>5_`:'Y,5/KT`$ MCT!3APW\[>D_@.8WS^M`02#Z3%:?GI[>/#^RX$W$EL>8G4Q(:Z6;LEF%@3"W MAN3I+4=Q^O[]^V,.=;P1F9!]&A\KTA6"Q$^P^F7>BH/-Q-\Z)``ZCP_5 .%NCXO-/,R?0_(8]>^0Q4:O&"G;Q#_R_06IE?7WI9GY`MU^2IK1-OO M'X_)9N.#DL-_PZ\PC(10B`_0;3A5.2%9TWA#W(8^>0D[QG$Z#J/P*$S7E/GN M*R>&971-;B*7X[/7_"(JPIB>O#\Z/3LZ_?[- (LDO#WM2T+.CFXDJ'J=2>"X8NJ^649;$"T? 'IV XJ[=K.6"L5*NSX)6&S^=. MKYU'O5!-_MUY[!LF5+]I>*`YF/&CI104>)%T;GQ!XD>.)8V/EH1L6C-!6_&8 M!DFLOO2;"(JY7$EDN\Y"4:RG?C110H5BRW5OV)'^ E&`?H``LWZ08`F.H5*E&VXA^ ]V-OC\Z)>) XVBY!]CMD;\QY =4?1 M82.IY_&Y]\\T!H59V^&N=8?ML$X8I>O''/1@>AX$4E.[3!E#54F%:)TM+DF\ M4H$*3 9>HC(XZZ26U3\>BC84]IW[UR9M."#QT/^D"]K,?=1ZX+ MZC$.XF=IGC^/?3(G+F9WGB>[&W_MU^94.]!AIU"6J^#C,UG+=+-R+1`Z1#X[ MVH&^+,\:U2DST[0A^^,;$%FD)2ZHZ!:P_?=QU; *[J@L,IZ/,]%IC'J2D;9A\L(@.#L+X0(UC2N\-_Z\6\\6*:*51GS M9/`[/.!>P!KY6Z;4]ZYN6E`2!?>R:TH,($#^G*%CQ[JIBRW@!N\+OWST>4XE M^.QO&_G5!G`TO9'>[[:^-(,-WI/+;7P)Y_ PLU MSWVOD7A#^;"$?R7!9\*2NR1B^,K7+9/=6#HLT1^?75!09HL;?Q%A@(L0Z-NA M (#4DP4-,JQ:D+E6&965U M 4Q1RX>JRRP`ZD_W3OJ$@KP1-:4%JS MHYD`1ZGB%>+=:;.KGN.#U26O$U_L >;9$B_?8[?K._00+0^^Z5O[ MVM15:6 !]20DY_XITA!9_#H& M(O&%F8[,TO>!]:#U)HAV5#S7RRQT("YENNU@(^D&[/2^VY#;6MQ+W$>*?C$G M@1M1NES!]&419N+"?,4X>6M=/RAJPP+@@X:UA'/C"PX7D(N'4@+S>B$>2ZI0 M^7=1D"U_5B@]SX'A&U'S);OP,TC4301*>8BY/12!GVFRBKP\8EU\O@"*[\FS MZE/W:N- A)9*1I.R^=(&-,ZN/82>,E%2/'%0?QDJ]P_5,PO,.#LF M#U4H?CP'WR)BJ"R`/G:>@OPQ3)M3N$UN#S[2R^06'2C?)7>I,/#^CME?A06V M1.G'YXTO\_^"&IVQLCWXX>X3>EV?^H$';7PF[@H.8&R'J^-&NI1Q0WM9*^@` M/RR[[AGQN-E//COWZ!=T]:NX-%F`!K[+-^?;JES>MP0>MDM?4B1CMK@BN_A+ ME(!R=4%A9E#XF\("$%[06^I1J)-I))UJ&*;2)N(QWWG*H1=6M13)/-`$[%1? M5[Z[LO#G*X&2D#[5.]X;BV$P/.KZ:Q*\Y"! 5 MW5&VAW_)!3,SZ)EN)8LI%"O.;(W%P\Z[2OCIJJMM 12ZD77[-H+7UHJ"=.F\6' MD'?435DER-:Y6[]4.BS*@ 'D!Q^@/9%.IXAVG J, M:G%\"%GNN*DR*^&YBA:.T":00 (:]+,P.[HAGE)=-# MZ*MD7]S'-/3P/SQZ;4']`WTPY[`= X:>)3;1VQ00YHGZ[)7 M7#OB^\B0ZJ-9?COA&%?WS] ;.-9_`M->"@W[D5, M@GS2-@_4"[4VRMEB%I.+G;S`8-`WO@82&!G7WY#"2K$?BE&."H:`Y8%'YDPZ MA_*[JXJ;BP5HX$LM?C?!8]F&RX!Z?%VKW,L9088E_]I_IIZX@C#VH07 MS.!0N [.I75C\.2R&TB&B'0?!]X++5936JV$AO4J$X%&"7&93YW M3KEBZ;+"@^;B4=FK:KY/AO+!/93T`E+O@A5L\)YH=`2>0D>3UT>J">)EE]Y? M[6#8!A^7W/.N]F3R4S&5N8J*OV%TA0*[E2FY4`^U^?0=$/.(QJLN`YVS!-L& M[B6:&/4(:I.0 S 5$:8RA9'OSMSB_XX307C\-98)8F2!;ZU'"7!OET)3LD-1:/T@23N1^6[F%K M7T=ZVYK16;L8TI:,:AK@/=TE2=S5PZ9HR..1!HIW>0:8(:W'>;HFY4\]6RPH M&FI]6C3_&X&&[`!/0ECTY2Q^&*FW)B>Q[(]9_C2P-5%X-?E5KSW-]^&MMMP' MDH]>W5RK*1N'&]YE&B>PKK'S):, 74057W!=P T\*6\W45P6&- M!"+N5.Z?5/&8;@D\].AO?8_"DH.&*14*M:AGF`!&JG=H22[K(6:0@9>?P"M2 M55EV&@H'7F[H4S/)384C%'RC>`SN\ZZ)D"L]3>RA=&N``S^?T5`HHX*@)B3_ MO-O%>!:V=\Y>=73=_84P[ZDV5]H`#CUO-#&FKWQ&W:18A*S0RN8>]4?8 F#\%1BUBM*X5:];5!YAEV&7I-"..X XW'AT1#:S"J2B8XG(O4]YJG\?YK/R.AMR+%2TN M'K\7N$KIV @K[T,6(>!GTJ$?F=MB\VV($[Y"]##/%+PD3> M(J(L8>1$G\:E*Y%6D".])C'27KLZ:0T]JNN4+T#8//+#9!:*X#TR,HJX:[@4 MTL@EL'*6ZEYO6)'E9FE\K5JZ`9`?!GT2E%U,Y\8[V$B^8E+P$(W_-4>%+A4& M]T:P$=MX36^'']5$TMF8>0P,[DR#C]MAII@,TCK@4=Y]VXF_?XK:]U0`_U%[ MBDM?A[Y*\#]H;Z^CU'BGHH7^H_;5WW9@K(3^`_85*>>A-^Y7E%&"P ,'BC9:^:*1W615BR[=8384#7P81CU5BJ98_#?WV)X]!*1/:74'] M+?4P&H E:I MK7J[-90.[,:`J5Q9&B>7` 6)`SLJ-PVW1W^_"1# MYU;CM+8#':4BQ8.ND4#$`/\4NN)A!$9MX]:4/"BD'6YD45AX1C81VOP!`R"3 MP,47:.B.KGWV@??QLT4Q3K)ZY( V%02 MUE4^#AW$";;V"H65;T/[*` L\]D=W9R>E+9/.O?!][VD2`XL&&>>`VIU9)A MB7V(9Z'+'6%^B7A$8,STU)3(JBWP"+(*\4\P`8NQ[C+;^UT"/Q%`';4QUI9Z ML9Z'*\U>$%9L^"_9P+A,%TT7S]P3H/.E[SYX1C"E=PT3>C>BZ D-\AE]`SV7+^OU@GXJC6C-:=Z`>2:5/S -4 (4WF#3(RIP/Q!6*.H-C.G M!C7TB[F0A[35SO7J&[HVH"-XPU@= : MJ&XJ'%I35SGEJF:QVO=A" R`8Q1(= M[,[=WU.?89J6W-%+9:&L+-%6X"&=`JIKFXP=VFA:*)2/\KZ8NZ^@SQ05_W\* MA3_MPR8*;RG:W3E6'E>6YUFX)\\B9&SN^;8'AE&.2>&>]JSQ!O=L)(OMKY@3 M!9I7WJD?T9E,]ZZJ#>#@YO0F(B]VW#>.OT`4TB1$J+AO]*P[TDVC:V_*.T;O MVL,*,Y!+PJ4/!`BR:CZV^M*AWS]O: ZSS MT&N9C*5+U LS:X@.E +*QSB56\H?DXB$5@4+ $EY2Y>P(U0S8I>^C2K:P#4 K,LH-.'M7_@LEWN_"JZSJPV0$&3B)#>"?A7E&KXLT1B;$ M7RBL.(7X$"W@QAFM%Q-KWS."YPT,6$#"7 $Y7=!S5EQ:WD3A$D.;%AP*;GSR*+.)9 R69%>DK'K%884;VB;M1K#GV'O2!G!@ORTD M"?17]6@XEZ7:=\/D^# RNZ)K`G_\'4$L!`AX#%`````@`-82B0%IAW5-1>@(`(FLE`!`` M&````````0```*2!`````&UC:RTR,#$R,#,S,2YX;6Q55`4``R::H4]U>`L` M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````"``UA*)`##BJ9J0:```7I0$`%``8```` M```!````I(&;>@(`;6-K+3(P,3(P,S,Q7V-A;"YX;6Q55`4``R::H4]U>`L` M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````"``UA*)`@CSHLTUB``!N(` `L` M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````"``UA*)`81^M/E'H``"/*0X`%``8```` M```!````I($H^`(`;6-K+3(P,3(P,S,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`4``R::H4]U>`L` M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````"``UA*)`--Y%:-V `L` M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````"``UA*)`]OQ0U.XE``!FNP$`$``8```` M```!````I('R?00`;6-K+3(P,3(P,S,Q+GAS9%54!0`#)IJA3W5X"P`!!"4. =```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!0"```JI`0````` ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Reconciliation Between Effective Tax Rate On Income From Continuing Operations And Statutory Tax Rate) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Income Taxes [Abstract] Income tax provision at federal statutory rate $ 672 $ 572 $ 652 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 57 33 25 Foreign income taxed at various rates (176) (105) (144) Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements (18) 14 53 Tax credits (13) (16) (8) Other, net (6) 7 23 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of the current income tax expense or benefit and the deferred income tax expense or benefit pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of the difference, between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations, that is attributable to total foreign income tax expense or benefit. The foreign income tax expense or benefit difference represents the income tax expense or benefit at applicable domestic statutory income tax rates applied to foreign earnings or loss for the period versus the foreign income tax expense or benefit calculated by applying the appropriate foreign tax rates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of other amounts reflected in the reconciliation of the statutory tax provision (benefit) to the actual tax provision (benefit). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of the difference, between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations, that is attributable to state and local income tax expense or benefit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of the differences between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations attributable to changes in all income tax contingencies, whether recorded or adjusted, during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of the differences between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Business Combinations (Summary Of Fair Values Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities) (Details) (The Katz Group [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 25, 2012 Business Acquisition [Line Items] Goodwill $ 506 Amounts Previously Recognized As Of Acquisition Date (Provisional) [Member] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Current assets, net of cash acquired 33 Goodwill 506 Intangible assets 441 Other long-term assets 15 Current liabilities (37) Long-term deferred tax liabilities (39) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 919 X - Definition The total purchase price of the acquired entity. This includes cash paid to equity interest holders of the acquired entity, fair value of debt and equity securities issued to equity holders of the acquired entity, and transaction costs paid to third parties to consummate the acquisition, net of cash acquired. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedNetOfCash Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to current assets, net of cash acquired. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsNetOfCashAcquired Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Business acquisition purchase price allocation long term deferred tax liabilities + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationLongTermDeferredTaxLiabilities Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to an identifiable intangible asset that will be amortized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAmortizableIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to current liabilities of the acquired entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 37 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 98-1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of goodwill arising from a business combination, which is the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 53 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to noncurrent assets of the acquired entity, except for property plant and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 98-1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 37 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationOtherNoncurrentAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Changes In The Carrying Amount Of Goodwill) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Goodwill [Line Items] Goodwill, Beginning balance $ 4,364 $ 3,568 Goodwill acquired 662 827 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments 20 (45) Foreign currency translation adjustments (14) 14 Goodwill, Ending balance 5,032 4,364 Distribution Solutions [Member] Goodwill [Line Items] Goodwill, Beginning balance 2,662 1,871 Goodwill acquired 511 819 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments 20 (32) Foreign currency translation adjustments (3) 4 Goodwill, Ending balance 3,190 2,662 Technology Solutions [Member] Goodwill [Line Items] Goodwill, Beginning balance 1,702 1,697 Goodwill acquired 151 8 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments 0 (13) Foreign currency translation adjustments (11) 10 Goodwill, Ending balance $ 1,842 $ 1,702 X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date, which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges, in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph l -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388280&loc=d3e13770-109266 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_Goodwill Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate amount of goodwill acquired in the period and allocated to the reportable segment. The value is stated at fair value based on the purchase price allocation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Purchase price allocation adjustment for allocation not yet complete at the prior year end. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Subparagraph e -Paragraph 45 -Clause 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAllocationAdjustment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) to the recorded value of goodwill for foreign currency translation adjustments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Subparagraph e -Paragraph 45 -Clause 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Financial Guarantees And Warranties (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 customer Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Number of software customer agreements to secure standby financing 1 Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2013 $ 107 Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2014 22 Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2015 13 Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2016 2 Guarantee obligations, expiring in 2017 1 Guarantee obligations, expiring after 2017 21 Standby Letters Of Credit And Surety Bonds [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Guarantee obligations, maximum exposure 86 Guarantee Obligations - Inventory Repurchase Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Guarantee obligations, maximum exposure 125 Other Customer Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Guarantee obligations, maximum exposure $ 41 Maximum [Member] | Guarantee Obligations - Inventory Repurchase Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Number of years for which inventory repurchase agreements extend P2Y Maximum [Member] | Other Customer Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Number of years for which inventory repurchase agreements extend P5Y Minimum [Member] | Guarantee Obligations - Inventory Repurchase Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Number of years for which inventory repurchase agreements extend P1Y Minimum [Member] | Other Customer Guarantees [Member] Guarantor Obligations [Line Items] Number of years for which inventory repurchase agreements extend P1Y X - Definition Guarantee obligations, expiring in five years thereafter + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GuaranteeObligationsExpiringInFiveYearsThereafter Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Guarantee obligations, expiring in year five + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GuaranteeObligationsExpiringInYearFive Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Guarantee obligations, expiring in year four + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GuaranteeObligationsExpiringInYearFour Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Guarantee obligations, expiring in year one + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GuaranteeObligationsExpiringInYearOne Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Guarantee obligations, expiring in year three + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GuaranteeObligationsExpiringInYearThree Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Guarantee obligations, expiring in year two + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GuaranteeObligationsExpiringInYearTwo Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number Of Customer Agreement To Secure Standby Financing + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_NumberOfCustomerAgreementToSecureStandbyFinancing Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees before reduction for potential recoveries under recourse or collateralization provisions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6851643&loc=d3e12069-110248 + Details Name: us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Describe the approximate term of the guarantee or each group of similar guarantees. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6851643&loc=d3e12069-110248 + Details Name: us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Lease Obligations (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Lease Obligations [Abstract] Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases Noncancelable Operating (In millions) Leases 2013 $ 188 2014 157 2015 123 2016 92 2017 75 Thereafter 233 Total minimum lease payments (1) $ 868 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $ 74 million due under future noncancelable subleases. X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Nature Of Operations Nature of Operations : McKesson Corporation ("McKesson," the "Company," the "Registrant" or "we" and other similar pronouns) delivers pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and health care information technologies that make health care safer while reducing costs. We conduct our business through two operating segments, McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions, as further described in Financial Note 22, "Segments of Business." Basis Of Presentation Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The consolidated financial statements of McKesson include the financial statements of all wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned or controlled companies. We also evaluate our ownership, contractual and other interests in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities ("VIEs"), if we have a variable interest in those entities and the nature and extent of those interests. These evaluations are highly complex and involve judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions based on available historical information and management's judgment, among other factors. Based on our evaluations, if we determine we are the primary beneficiary of such VIEs we consolidate such entities into our financial statements. The consolidated VIEs are not material to our consolidated financial statements. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Fiscal Period Fiscal Period: The Company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company's fiscal year. Reclassifications Reclassifications : Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Use Of Estimates Use of Estimates : The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated amounts. Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents : All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Cash is primarily held in non-interest bearing accounts and is fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regardless of the dollar amount. Cash equivalents are primarily invested in AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in US dollars, Canadian government securities and a AAA rated prime money market fund denominated in British pound sterling. The remaining cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions. We mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds. Restricted Cash Restricted Cash : Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash and is included within prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, restricted cash was not material. Marketable Securities Available For Sale Marketable Securities Available for Sale : We carry our marketable securities, which are available for sale, at fair value and they are included in prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. The net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders' equity. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, marketable securities were not material. Concentrations Of Credit Risk And Receivables Concentrations of Credit Risk and Receivables : Our trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our Distribution Solutions segment. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52 % of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation ("CVS") and Rite Aid Corporation ("Rite Aid"), accounted for approximately 16 % and 10 % of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49 % of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart") and Rite Aid were approximately 17 %, 10 % and 9 % of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations ("GPOs"), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. The accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the GPOs. A default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from these, or any other large customers or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the institutional, retail and healthcare provider sectors, which can be affected by a downturn in the economy and changes in reimbursement policies. This credit risk is mitigated by the size and diversity of the customer base as well as its geographic dispersion. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. Financing Receivables Financing Receivables: We assess and monitor credit risk associated with financing receivables, namely lease and notes receivables, through regular review of our collection experience in determining our allowance for loan losses. On an ongoing basis, we also evaluate credit quality of our financing receivables utilizing aging of receivables and write-offs, as well as consider existing economic conditions, to determine if an allowance is necessary. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, financing receivables and the related allowance were not material to our consolidated financial statements. Inventories Inventories : We report inventories at the lower of cost or market ("LCM"). Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method and the cost of Canadian inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 88 % and 87 % of our inventories at March 31, 2012 and 2011. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments, were $ 107 million and $ 96 million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recognized net LIFO expense of $ 11 million, $ 3 million and $ 8 million within our consolidated statements of operations, which related to our non-pharmaceutical products. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. We believe that the average cost or FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory ( i.e. , "market"). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or market. Primarily due to continued net deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $ 76 million and $ 156 million higher than market as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, we recorded a LCM credit of $ 80 million in 2012 and a LCM charge of $ 44 million in 2011 within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market. Shipping And Handling Costs Shipping and Handling Costs: We include all costs to warehouse, pick, pack and deliver inventory to our customers in distribution expenses. Property, Plant And Equipment Property, Plant and Equipment: We state our property, plant and equipment at cost and depreciate them under the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 30 years. Goodwill Goodwill: Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component—one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit. Impairment tests require that we compare the carrying value of our reporting units to the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we decide that it is appropriate to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform a quantitative assessment, the fair value of a reporting unit is based upon a number of considerations including projections of revenues, earnings and discounted cash flows and determination of market value multiples for similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. The discount rate used for cash flows reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. In addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units' fair value to the Company's market capitalization as a further corroboration of the fair value. The testing requires a complex series of assumptions and judgment by management in projecting future operating results, selecting guideline companies for comparisons and assessing risks. The use of alternative assumptions and estimates could affect the fair values and change the impairment determinations. There were no goodwill impairments during 2012, 2011, or 2010. Intangible Assets Intangible Assets: Currently all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are generally amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from one to twenty years. We review identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. There were no material impairments of intangible assets during 2012, 2011 or 2010. Capitalized Software Held For Sale Capitalized Software Held for Sale : Development costs for software held for sale, which primarily pertain to our Technology Solutions segment, are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately three years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for sale was $ 144 million and $ 152 million, net of accumulated amortization and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Additional information regarding our capitalized software held for sale is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Amounts capitalized $ 47 $ 64 $ 75 Amortization expense 53 75 67 Impairment charge 0 72 0 Third-party royalty fees paid 95 72 63 Capitalized Software Held For Internal Use Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use : We capitalize costs of software held for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortize those costs over the assets' estimated useful lives ranging from one to ten years. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for internal use was $ 445 million and $ 446 million, net of accumulated amortization of $ 902 million and $ 778 million, and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Insurance Programs Insurance Programs: Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers' compensation and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred as well as for claims incurred but not yet reported. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition Revenue Recognition : Revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment are recognized when product is delivered and title passes to the customer or when services have been rendered and there are no further obligations to the customer. Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances, rebates and other incentives. Our sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if they can be resold for value or returned to suppliers for full credit. Sales returns are accrued based on estimates at the time of sale to the customer. Sales returns from customers were approximately $ 1.6 billion in 2012, $ 1.4 billion in 2011 and $ 1.2 billion in 2010. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis; that is, they are excluded from revenues. The revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment include large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large customers who warehouse their own product. We order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers' warehouses. Sales to customers' warehouses amounted to $20.5 billion in 2012, $18.6 billion in 2011, and $21.4 billion in 2010. We also record revenues for direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Direct store deliveries are shipments from the manufacturer to our customers of a limited category of products that require special handling. We assume the primary liability to the manufacturer for these products. Revenues are recorded gross when we are the primary party obligated in the transaction, take title to and possession of the inventory, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices, assume the risk of loss for collection from customers as well as delivery or return of the product, are responsible for fulfillment and other customer service requirements, or the transactions have several but not all of these indicators. Our Distribution Solutions segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain a combination of various products and services. Revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements based on estimates of fair value and recognized in accordance with the revenue recognition criteria applicable to each element. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until delivery of the last element has occurred and services have been performed or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. Effective April 1, 2011, revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements, based on the best estimate of selling prices if neither objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling prices exists for all new arrangements or materially modified existing arrangements. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are generated primarily by licensing software and software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows: Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion method based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Subscription, content and transaction processing fees are generally marketed under annual and multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the contracted terms beginning on the service start date for fixed fee arrangements and recognized as transactions are performed beginning on the service start date for per-transaction fee arrangements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed. We also offer certain products on an application service provider basis, making our software functionality available on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support, as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an application service provider basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract beginning on the service start date of products hosted. This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value ("VSOE") exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Effective April 1, 2011, we adopted the revised revenue recognition guidance which removed from the scope of software revenue recognition guidance tangible products containing software component and non-software component that function together to deliver the product's essential functionality. This amended accounting guidance was applied prospectively for all arrangements entered into after April 1, 2011 or materially modified after that date. Our Technology Solutions segment also includes revenues from disease management programs provided to various states' Medicaid programs. These service contracts include provisions for achieving certain cost-savings and clinical targets. If the targets are not met for certain of these contracts, a portion, or all, of the revenue must be refunded to the customer. We recognize revenue during the term of the contract by assessing actual performance against contractual targets and then determining the amount the customer would be legally obligated to pay if the contract terminated as of the measurement date. These assessments include estimates of medical claims and other data in accordance with the contract methodology. Because complete data is unavailable until six to nine months after the measurement period, there is generally a significant time delay between recording the accrual and the final settlement of the contract. If data is insufficient to assess performance or we have not met the targets, we defer recognition of the revenue. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, we had deferred $ 3 million and $ 25 million related to these types of contracts, which was included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. We generally have been successful in achieving performance targets under these agreements. Supplier Incentives Supplier Incentives: Fees for service and other incentives received from suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, are generally reported as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory. Supplier Reserves Supplier Reserves: We establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. We evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, supplier reserves were $ 115 million and $ 102 million. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different than our estimate. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2012 and 2011 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment. Income Taxes Income Taxes : We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are considered to be permanently reinvested. Foreign Currency Translation Foreign Currency Translation: Our international subsidiaries generally consider their local currency to be their functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses in the stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2012, 2011 or 2010. Derivative Financial Instruments Derivative Financial Instruments: Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. We periodically evaluate hedge effectiveness, and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the change included in earnings. Share-Based Compensation Share-Based Compensation: We account for all share-based compensation transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. Loss Contingencies Loss Contingencies : We are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate. Business Combinations Business Combinations: We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. X - Definition Concentrations of credit risk and receivables policy text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ConcentrationsOfCreditRiskAndReceivablesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Insurance programs [policy text block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_InsuranceProgramsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Supplier Incentives [Policy Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_SupplierIncentivesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Supplier reserves [policy text block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_SupplierReservesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method, acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example, the treatment accorded contingent consideration, the identification of assets and liabilities, the purchase price allocation process, how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity, and the rationale for that accounting policy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a, b, c, d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2303973 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 88-16 -Section SEC Observer Comments -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a)-(d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909625&loc=d3e227-128457 + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Technical Practice Aid (TPA) -Number 2110 -Paragraph 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 305 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122427 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4273-108586 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 203 -Paragraph 02-03 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however, time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4273-108586 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 305 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122427 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 203 -Paragraph 02-03 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph a -Article 9 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.1(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies, which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 450 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491354&loc=d3e6052-115624 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 450 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491354&loc=d3e6049-115624 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Technical Bulletin (FTB) -Paragraph 3 -Number 90-1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Audit and Accounting Guide (AAG) -Number AAG-HCO -Chapter 8 -Paragraph 12, 13 -IssueDate 2006-05-01 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2155897 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Technical Bulletin (FTB) -Number 90-1 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 20: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Technical Bulletin (FTB) -Number 90-1 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 21: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting. The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 2-6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 3A -Section 02, 03 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197480 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 97-2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 96-16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3A-02) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959686&loc=d3e355033-122828 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 14, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph k -Article 1 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 325 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197087 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 860 -SubTopic 40 -Section 45 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/section&trid=2197723 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2196966 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 5, 6, 16-19 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 140 -Paragraph 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6382870&loc=d3e33801-111570 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6921930&loc=d3e5614-111684 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for its derivative instruments and hedging activities. Disclosure may include: (1) Each method used to account for derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments ("derivatives"); (2) the types of derivatives accounted for under each method; (3) the criteria required to be met for each accounting method used, including a discussion of the criteria required to be met for hedge or deferral accounting and accrual or settlement accounting (for example, whether and how risk reduction, correlation, designation, and effectiveness tests are applied); (4) the accounting method used if the criteria specified for hedge accounting are not met; (5) the method used to account for termination of derivatives designated as hedges or derivatives used to affect directly or indirectly the terms, fair values, or cash flows of a designated item; (6) the method used to account for derivatives when the designated item matures, is sold, is extinguished, or is terminated. In addition, the method used to account for derivatives designated to an anticipated transaction, when the anticipated transaction is no longer likely to occur; and (7) where and when derivatives, and their related gains or losses are reported in the statement of financial position, cash flows, and results of operations and (8) an accounting policy decision to offset fair value amounts with counterparties. An entity may also describe its embedded derivatives, and the method(s) used to determine the fair values of derivatives and any significant assumptions used in such valuations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579240-113959 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph n -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41675-113959 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 39 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(n)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41620-113959 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5579245-113959 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=d3e41638-113959 + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for finance, loan and lease receivables, including those held for investment and those held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses is determined (3) when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs, including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition (revenues, expenses and gains and losses arising from committing to issue, issuing, granting, collecting, terminating, modifying and holding loans) policies for such receivables, including those that are impaired, past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6378556&loc=d3e10133-111534 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 114 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 01-6 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b,d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5212-111524 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5093-111524 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5144-111524 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3-5 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_FinanceLoansAndLeasesReceivablePolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date, the length of the fiscal period, any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries, or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists, the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted, along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3A-02.(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959686&loc=d3e355033-122828 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph b -Article 3A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph k -Article 1 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3A-03.(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959686&loc=d3e355100-122828 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 06 -Article 3 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 3A -Section 03 -Paragraph b Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6921628&loc=d3e5291-111683 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiscalPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175826 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175892 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 5, 7-20, 80 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2175856 + Details Name: us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill and intangible assets. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144471 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144439 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 7-18, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 4, 11-23, 26, 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144681 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 6-34, 43, 47, 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 4 -Paragraph 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e32280-109318 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144749 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e32247-109318 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for finite-lived intangible assets. This accounting policy also might address: (1) the amortization method used; (2) the useful lives of such assets; and (3) how the entity assesses and measures impairment of such assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144471 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 7-18, 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 11-15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired, internally developed, or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs, and (2) during the software's development or modification, no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144537 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 98-1 -Paragraph 12, 17-38, 41 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2144505 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 00-2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 6 -Paragraph 4, 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories, bases of stating inventories (for example, lower of cost or market), methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example, FIFO, LIFO, or average cost), loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost, this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386783&loc=d3e4556-108314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386783&loc=d3e4492-108314 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 81-1 -Paragraph 69-75 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2126999 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 4 -Paragraph 3, 5-10, 15, 16, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 206 -Chapter 2 -Paragraph b -Subparagraph i, ii Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in debt and equity securities that are classified as available-for-sale. This policy also may describe the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories, how the entity determines whether impairments of available-for-sale securities are other than temporary, and how the fair values of such securities are determined. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section M Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 107 -Paragraph 10, 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 2, 12 -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 320 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2196929 + Details Name: us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesAvailableForSaleSecuritiesPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business, the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets, including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business, the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example, assets, revenues, or earnings). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Publisher AICPA -Number 94-6 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6003-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_NatureOfOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for property, plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets, depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives, the entity's capitalization policy, including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities, whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated, how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2155824 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 9 -Section C -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for classifying current financial statements, which may be different from classifications in the prior year's financial statements. Disclose any material changes in classification including an explanation of the reason for the change and the areas impacted. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 2 -Section A -Paragraph 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6359566&loc=d3e326-107755 + Details Name: us-gaap_Reclassifications Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 8, 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured, and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2228939 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 06-11 -Paragraph 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs, including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales, disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 45 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408413&loc=d3e221937-122793 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 00-10 -Paragraph 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Shipping Costs -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6525344 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 22 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 45 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408196&loc=d3e61069-111654 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 45 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6743974&loc=d3e60635-111653 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Handling Costs -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6514758 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred to (1) establish the technological feasibility of a computer software product to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed; and (2) produce product masters after establishing technological feasibility. This accounting policy also may apply to purchased computer software. This policy also may address the entity's amortization policy for its capitalized computer software costs and how it evaluates such capitalized costs for impairment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 3-12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2197796 + Details Name: us-gaap_SoftwareToBeSoldLeasedOrOtherwiseMarketedPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 94-6 -Paragraph 11, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Information Regarding Intangible Assets) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Intangible assets Gross Carrying Amount $ 2,615 $ 2,136 Accumulated Amortization (865) (680) Net Carrying Amount 1,750 1,456 Customer Lists [Member] Intangible assets Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (years) P7Y Gross Carrying Amount 1,081 1,057 Accumulated Amortization (554) (444) Net Carrying Amount 527 613 Service Agreements [Member] Intangible assets Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (years) P18Y Gross Carrying Amount 1,022 723 Accumulated Amortization (52) (11) Net Carrying Amount 970 712 Trademarks And Trade Names [Member] Intangible assets Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (years) P18Y Gross Carrying Amount 192 76 Accumulated Amortization (38) (31) Net Carrying Amount 154 45 Technology [Member] Intangible assets Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (years) P4Y Gross Carrying Amount 244 204 Accumulated Amortization (190) (170) Net Carrying Amount 54 34 Other [Member] Intangible assets Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Period (years) P8Y Gross Carrying Amount 76 76 Accumulated Amortization (31) (24) Net Carrying Amount $ 45 $ 52 X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The accumulated amount of amortization of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the gross carrying amounts before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of all intangible assets having statutory or estimated useful lives. The aggregate gross carrying amount (including any previously recognized impairment charges) of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition A description of the remaining amortization period of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 926 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473108&loc=d3e54445-107959 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 42, 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph ((a)(1),(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274 + Details Name: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Updated 2009-11-04 */ /* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */ ..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute; } ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold; } ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px; } ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right; } ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497; } ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px; } ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em; } /* Report Styles */ ..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none; } /* table */ ..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em; } ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf; } /* Top labels */ ..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; } ..report th.void { background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left; } ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word; } ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; } ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px; } ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc; } /* Header rows... */ ..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; } /* Calendars... */ ..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0; } /* Even rows... */ ..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def; } ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } /* Odd rows... */ ..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white; } ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black; } ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black; } /* styles for footnote marker */ ..report .fn { white-space: nowrap; } /* styles for numeric types */ ..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap; } ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em; } ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em; } /* styles for text types */ ..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal; } ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em; } ..report .text .more { display: none; } ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold; } ..report .text .small { width: 10em; } ..report sup { font-style: italic; } ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em; }
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Discontinued Operation (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Technology Solutions [Member] Sep. 30, 2010 McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited [Member] Discontinued Operations [Line Items] Net sales proceeds $ 0 $ 109 $ 1 $ 109 Pre-tax gain from divestiture 95 95 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 72 0 72 72 Utilization of capital loss carry-forwards, previously recorded as valuation allowance $ 15 X - Details Name: mck_DiscontinuedOperationsLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Pretax gain (loss), not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Gain (loss) after tax expense or benefit, not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the cash inflow during the period from the sale of a component of the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of the change in the period in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e32123-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations And Plan Assets) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 625 [1] $ 593 Service cost 7 6 4 Interest cost 31 31 35 Actuarial loss 42 21 Benefit payments (34) (32) Foreign exchange impact and other (1) 6 Benefit obligation at end of period 670 [1] 625 [1] 593 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 416 391 Actual return on plan assets 12 40 Employer and participant contributions 17 11 Benefits paid (34) (32) Foreign exchange impact and other (1) 6 Fair value of plan assets at end of period 410 416 391 Funded status at end of period (260) (209) Long-term assets 0 4 Current liabilities (13) (4) Long-term liabilities (247) (209) Total $ (260) $ (209) [1] The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. X - Definition Defined benefit plan contribution by employer and plan participants + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionByEmployerAndPlanParticipants Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period, adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period, and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses, as applicable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Actual Return on Plan Assets (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6504226 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Actual Return on Plan Assets (Component of Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6504192 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net increase or decrease of changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption, or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Gain or Loss -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6514294 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Gain or Loss -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6749293 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialNetGainsLosses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate net amount recognized in the balance sheet associated with the defined benefit plan(s). Will normally be the same as the Defined Benefit Plan, Funded Status of Plan, Total. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410544&loc=d3e1703-114919 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount for overfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet as a noncurrent asset associated with a defined benefit pension plan or other postretirement defined benefit plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410544&loc=d3e1703-114919 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition 1) For defined benefit pension plans, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation, which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date. 2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6522206 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503904 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph E1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan, including pension benefits, death benefits, and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan, including prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b)(5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Benefits -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506309 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS106-2 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(6) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Benefits -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506267 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Postretirement Benefits -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521376 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Assets, usually stocks, bonds, and other investments, that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits, at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions, less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits, those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6867990&loc=d3e12355-114930 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of increase or decrease in the benefit obligation attributed to foreign currency changes. The effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes that are to be disclosed are those applicable to plans of a foreign operation whose functional currency is not the reporting currency. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of increase or decrease in plan assets attributed to foreign currency changes. The effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes that are to be disclosed are those applicable to plans of a foreign operation whose functional currency is not the reporting currency. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet, Total. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410544&loc=d3e1703-114919 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The increase in a defined benefit pension plan's projected benefit obligation or a defined benefit postretirement plan's accumulated postretirement benefit obligation due to the passage of time. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to services rendered by employees during the period. The portion of the expected postretirement benefit obligation attributed to employee service during the period. The service cost component is a portion of the benefit obligation and is unaffected by the funded status of the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6525008 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition For a classified balance sheet, the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410544&loc=d3e1703-114919 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Liabilities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509677 + Details Name: us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition This represents the noncurrent liability for underfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet that is associated with the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement defined benefit plans. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2410-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 6 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2417-114920 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410544&loc=d3e1703-114919 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Components Of Share-Based Compensation Expense And Related Tax Benefits) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based compensation expense $ 154 $ 137 $ 114 Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense (55) [1] (48) [1] (41) [1] Share-based compensation expense, net of tax 99 89 73 RSUs [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based compensation expense 97 [2] 79 [2] 47 [2] PeRSUs [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based compensation expense 24 [3] 27 [3] 39 [3] Stock Options [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based compensation expense 23 22 19 ESPP [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Share-based compensation expense $ 10 $ 9 $ 9 [1] Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible. [2] This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years' performance period. [3] Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year's performance period. X - Definition Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example, shares of stock, unit, stock options or other equity instruments) with employees, directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph g(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.F) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6793087&loc=d3e301413-122809 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 14 -Section F Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of expense, net of income tax, recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example, shares of stock, unit, stock options or other equity instruments) with employees, directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpenseNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total recognized tax benefit related to compensation cost for equity-based payment arrangements recognized in income during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph g(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Stockholders' Equity (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax $ (178) $ (157) Translation adjustments 188 244 Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax (5) 0 Total $ 5 $ 87 X - Definition Accumulated change, net of tax, in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6887037&loc=d3e80784-113994 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total of net gain (loss), prior service cost (credit), and transition assets (obligations), as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining, included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Accumulated adjustment, net of tax, that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity, net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6915805&loc=d3e32022-110900 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 31 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Schedule Of Property, Plant And Equipment, Net) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Total property, plant and equipment $ 2,175 $ 2,043 Accumulated depreciation (1,132) (1,052) Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Total 1,043 991 851 Land [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Total property, plant and equipment 68 70 Building, Machinery, Equipment And Other [Member] Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items] Total property, plant and equipment $ 2,107 $ 1,973 X - Definition The cumulative amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization (related to property, plant and equipment, but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Gross amount, at the balance sheet date, of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. This can include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b, c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Variable Interest Entities (Details) (Intangible Assets [Member], USD $) In Billions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Intangible Assets [Member] Variable Interest Entity [Line Items] Maximum exposure to loss on assets $ 1.1 $ 1.2 X - Definition The reporting entity's maximum amount of exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the Variable Interest Entity (VIE). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph b -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6970148&loc=d3e5728-111685 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS140-4/FIN46(R) -Paragraph C6 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6970148&loc=d3e5747-111685 + Details Name: us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityEntityMaximumLossExposureAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (US Oncology Debt Acquired) (Narrative) (Details) (US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 1 Months Ended 3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2010 Senior Subordinated Notes, Due 2014 [Member] Dec. 31, 2010 Senior Secured Notes, Due 2017 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Senior Secured Notes Due 2017 And Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2014 [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Interest rate on debt 10.75% 9.125% Interest paid on US oncology debt acquired $ 50 Payoff of all USON debt $ 1,738 Debt maturity date, year 2014 2017 X - Definition Debt Maturity Date + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DebtMaturityDate Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: invest:dateStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Interest rate stated in the contractual debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the portion of interest incurred in the period on debt arrangements that was charged against earnings. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt, including trade payables, that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 7 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e7018-107765 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Liabilities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509677 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) Share data in Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plan [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plan [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Bartram International Fund [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Bartram International Fund [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Oct. 31, 2009 Defined Contribution Plans [Member] PSIP Proceeds From Allocated Shares - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Oct. 31, 2009 Defined Contribution Plans [Member] PSIP Proceeds From Unallocated Shares - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Oct. 31, 2009 Defined Contribution Plans [Member] PSIP Total Proceeds - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 First Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Second Part Of Pay Contribution [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Minimum [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Maximum [Member] Defined Contribution Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Unrecognized actuarial losses exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit Accumulated benefit obligations $ 667,000,000 $ 622,000,000 Expected amortization of prior service cost in 2013 2,000,000 Expected amortization of actuarial loss in 2013 30,000,000 Amortization of prior service cost 2,000,000 Amortization of actuarial loss 25,000,000 Projected benefit obligations 167,000,000 154,000,000 Expected benefit payments in 2013 43,000,000 Expected benefit payments in 2014 33,000,000 Expected benefit payments in 2015 144,000,000 Expected benefit payments in 2016 36,000,000 Expected benefit payments in 2017 33,000,000 Expected benefit payments, 2018 through 2022 190,000,000 Expected contributions in 2013 38,000,000 Discount rates 4.23% 4.99% 5.33% 4.15% 4.88% Rate of decrease in weighted average discount rate 0.73% Target allocations of equity investments 53.00% 61.00% Target allocations of fixed income investments 35.00% 32.00% Target allocations of all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents 12.00% 7.00% Unit value of cash and cash equivalents 1.00 Concentration of investment funds 10.00% 10.00% 11.00% Contribution to PSIP 75.00% PSIP catch-up contribution limit 75.00% Company match employee contributions 100.00% 50.00% Employee contributions 3.00% 2.00% Aggregate purchase of common stock by ESOP 24 ESOP loan P10Y P20Y Proceeds received PSIP - Consolidated Securities Litigation Action 42,000,000 77,000,000 119,000,000 Company's contribution to PSIP 1,000,000 Outstanding ESOP loans $ 0 X - Definition Company match employee contributions. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_CompanyMatchEmployeeContributions Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Concentration of investment funds + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ConcentrationOfInvestmentFunds Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Defined benefit plan assumptions used calculating net periodic benefit cost rate of compensation change in rate. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationChangeInRate Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Defined benefit plan contributions to profit sharing investment plan + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsToProfitSharingInvestmentPlan Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Defined benefit plan projected benefit obligation unfunded pension plan + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanProjectedBenefitObligationUnfundedPensionPlan Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlansContributionPlanLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Employee contributions + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_EmployeeContributions Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Loan period for loans to finance purchases. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ESOPLoanPeriod Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Psip Catch Up Contribution Limit + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PsipCatchUpContributionLimit Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Unit value of cash and cash equivalents + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_UnitValueOfCashAndCashEquivalents Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Unrecognized actuarial losses + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_UnrecognizedActuarialLosses Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For defined benefit pension plans, the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas, the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Accumulated Benefit Obligation -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503844 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of gains or losses recognized in net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income related to gains and losses that are not recognized immediately and are expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year that follows the most recent annual statement of financial position presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph s -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (s) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetGainsLosses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income related to prior service cost or credit expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year that follows the most recent annual statement of financial position presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph s -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (s) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetPriorServiceCostCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of the prior service cost or credit recognized in net periodic benefit cost relating to benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money for the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The increase in the fair value of plan assets from contributions made by the employer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The employer's best estimate, as soon as it can be reasonably determined, of contributions expected to be paid to the plan during the next fiscal year beginning after the date of the latest statement of financial position. Estimated contributions may be presented in the aggregate combining (1) contributions required by funding regulations or laws, (2) discretionary contributions, and (3) noncash contributions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph g -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the aggregate benefits expected to be paid in the five fiscal years thereafter (the aggregate amount of benefits expected to be paid in years 6 through 10 after the date of the latest statement of financial position). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInFiveFiscalYearsThereafter Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 5. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 4. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearFour Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 1. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearOne Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 3. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearThree Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 2. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearTwo Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Target allocation percentage of investments in debt securities to total plan assets presented on a weighted-average basis as of the measurement date of the latest statement of financial position. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (c)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2446-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsDebtSecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Target allocation percentage of investments in equity securities to total plan assets presented on a weighted-average basis as of the measurement date of the latest statement of financial position. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsEquitySecurities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Target allocation percentage in other than debt securities, equity securities, and real estate to total plan assets presented on a weighted-average basis as of the measurement date of the latest statement of financial position. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount reported as a liability as of the balance sheet date by the entity (the employer) of the loan made by a third-party lender directly to the ESOP. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 93-6 -Paragraph 24, 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Direct Loan -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510849 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 40 -Section 25 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6418455&loc=d3e16545-113920 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPDebtStructureDirectLoanAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the allocated, committed-to-be-released and suspense shares of the entity held by the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 93-6 -Paragraph 53 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 40 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6418621&loc=d3e17540-113929 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPSharesInESOP Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents the gross amount awarded, to be received by, or to be remitted to the entity in settlement of litigation occurring during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LitigationSettlementGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net [Abstract] Amortization expense of intangible assets $ 191 $ 132 $ 121 Annual amortization expense, 2013 200 Annual amortization expense, 2014 186 Annual amortization expense, 2015 166 Annual amortization expense, 2016 142 Annual amortization expense, 2017 122 Annual amortization expense, after 2017 $ 934 X - Definition Aggregate amount of intangible asset amortization recognized as expense during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized for the remainder of the finite-lived intangible asset useful life after the fifth succeeding fiscal year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year five of the five succeeding fiscal years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year four of the five succeeding fiscal years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearFour Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year one of the five succeeding fiscal years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearOne Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year three of the five succeeding fiscal years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearThree Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during year two of the five succeeding fiscal years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseYearTwo Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Components Of Deferred Tax Balances) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Income Taxes [Abstract] Receivable allowances $ 44 $ 48 Deferred revenue 114 107 Compensation and benefit related accruals 447 409 AWP litigation accrual 175 97 Loss and credit carryforwards 400 494 Other 256 241 Subtotal 1,436 1,396 Less: valuation allowance (101) (99) Total assets 1,335 1,297 Inventory valuation and other assets (1,635) (1,450) Fixed assets and systems development costs (263) (221) Intangibles (544) (532) Other (53) (58) Total liabilities (2,495) (2,261) Current net deferred tax liability (1,092) (1,036) Long-term deferred tax asset 20 72 Long-term deferred tax liability (88) 0 Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160) $ (964) X - Definition The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions attributable to income recognized only for tax purposes and which will reverse when recognized under generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The sum of the tax effects as of the balance sheet date of the amounts of all future tax deductions arising from temporary differences between tax basis and generally accepted accounting principles basis recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws ( before the valuation allowance, if any, to reduce such sum amount to net realizable value). Includes any tax benefit realized in deferred tax assets for significant impacts of tax planning strategies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43, 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510090 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition For entities that net deferred tax assets and tax liabilities, represents the unclassified net amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carryforwards pertaining to assets or liabilities. A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition For entities that net deferred tax assets and tax liabilities, represents the net amount of deferred tax assets (after reduction for valuation allowance) and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carryforwards pertaining to assets or liabilities that are classified as current in the financial statements, or that are expected to reverse in the next twelve months (or normal operating cycle, if longer). A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition For entities that net deferred tax assets and tax liabilities, represents the net amount of deferred tax assets (after reduction for valuation allowance) and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, which result from applying the applicable enacted tax rate to net temporary differences and carryforwards pertaining to assets or liabilities that are classified as noncurrent in the financial statements, or that are expected to reverse after the next twelve months (or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer). A temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will reverse in ensuing periods. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate tax effects as of the balance sheet date of all future tax deductions arising from temporary differences between tax basis and generally accepted accounting principles basis recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws; net of deducting the allocated valuation allowance, if any, to reduce such amount to net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of estimated future tax deductions arising from other temporary differences not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of future tax deductions arising from all unused tax credit carryforwards which have been reduced by a valuation allowance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Carryforwards -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506874 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The sum of the tax effects as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from all employee compensation and benefits costs, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when the actual costs are incurred, and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from estimated losses reflected in the allowance for doubtful accounts, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual bad debts are known, and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from estimated loss from legal settlements, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual litigation losses are incurred, and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsLegalSettlements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The sum of the portions of deferred tax assets as of the balance sheet date for which, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not will not be realized through future reductions of tax-based income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43-49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of all deferred tax liabilities, which result from applying the applicable tax rate to net taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax. A taxable temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis and the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that will result in taxable amounts in one or more future periods. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount as of the balance sheet date of the estimated future tax effects attributable to inventory-related costs expensed for tax purposes but capitalized in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which will reverse in future periods when inventory is sold but such capitalized costs cannot be deducted for tax purposes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the estimated future tax effects attributable to the difference between the tax basis of intangible assets and the basis of intangible assets computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The difference in basis, whether due to amortization or other reasons, will increase future taxable income when such difference reverses. Intangible assets include, but are not limited to, assets such as patents, trademarks and customer lists. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the noncurrent portion of deferred tax liabilities, which result from applying the applicable tax rate to net taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax. A noncurrent taxable temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis and the carrying amount of a noncurrent asset or liability in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, are classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31958-109318 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the estimated future tax effects attributable to other temporary differences not otherwise specified in this taxonomy that were expensed for tax purposes but capitalized in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, or which were recognized as revenue under GAAP but not for tax purposes, which will reverse in future periods. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph a, d, e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount as of the balance sheet date of the estimated future tax effects attributable to the difference between the tax basis of capital assets and the basis of capital assets computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The difference in basis, attributable to different capitalization of costs, depreciation, or amortization methodologies, will increase future taxable income when such basis difference is realized. Capital assets include but are not limited to assets such as land, real estate, leasehold improvements, machinery and equipment and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph d, e, f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Financial Guarantees And Warranties 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Financial Guarantees And Warranties [Abstract] Financial Guarantees And Warranties 18. Financial Guarantees and Warranties Financial Guarantees We have agreements with certain of our Canadian customers' financial institutions under which we have guaranteed the repurchase of our customers' inventory or our customers' debt in the event these customers are unable to meet their obligations to those financial institutions. For our inventory repurchase agreement, among other requirements, inventories must be in resalable condition and any repurchase would be at a discount. The inventory repurchase agreements mostly range from one to two years. Customers' debt guarantees range from one to five years and were primarily provided to facilitate financing for certain customers. The majority of our customers' debt guarantees are secured by certain assets of the customer. We also have an agreement with one software customer that, under limited circumstances, may require us to secure standby financing. Because the amount of the standby financing is not explicitly stated, the overall amount of this guarantee cannot reasonably be estimated. At March 31, 2012, the maximum amounts of inventory repurchase guarantees and customers' debt guarantees were $ 125 million and $ 41 million, none of which had been accrued. The expirations of the above noted financial guarantees are as follows: $ 107 million, $ 22 million, $ 13 million, $ 2 million and $ 1 million from 2013 through 2017 and $ 21 million thereafter. In addition, at March 31, 2012, our banks and insurance companies have issued $ 86 million of standby letters of credit and surety bonds, which were issued on our behalf mostly related to our customer contracts and in order to meet the security requirements for statutory licenses and permits, court and fiduciary obligations and our workers' compensation and automotive liability programs. Our software license agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our software products infringe a third party's intellectual property rights. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnification agreements and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations. In conjunction with certain transactions, primarily divestitures, we may provide routine indemnification agreements (such as retention of previously existing environmental, tax and employee liabilities) whose terms vary in duration and often are not explicitly defined. Where appropriate, obligations for such indemnifications are recorded as liabilities. Because the amounts of these indemnification obligations often are not explicitly stated, the overall maximum amount of these commitments cannot be reasonably estimated. Other than obligations recorded as liabilities at the time of divestiture, we have historically not made significant payments as a result of these indemnification provisions. Warranties In the normal course of business, we provide certain warranties and indemnification protection for our products and services. For example, we provide warranties that the pharmaceutical and medical-surgical products we distribute are in compliance with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other applicable laws and regulations. We have received the same warranties from our suppliers, which customarily are the manufacturers of the products. In addition, we have indemnity obligations to our customers for these products, which have also been provided to us from our suppliers, either through express agreement or by operation of law. We also provide warranties regarding the performance of software and automation products we sell. Our liability under these warranties is to bring the product into compliance with previously agreed upon specifications. For software products, this may result in additional project costs, which are reflected in our estimates used for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting for software installation services within these contracts. In addition, most of our customers who purchase our software and automation products also purchase annual maintenance agreements. Revenues from these maintenance agreements are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period and the cost of servicing product warranties is charged to expense when claims become estimable. Accrued warranty costs were not material to the consolidated balance sheets. X - Details Name: mck_FinancialGuaranteesAndWarrantiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Financial guarantees And warranties. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_FinancialGuaranteesAndWarrantiesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Quarterly Financial Information (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Quarterly Financial Information [Abstract] Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information First Second Third Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Fiscal 2012 Revenues $ 29,980 $ 30,216 $ 30,839 $ 31,699 Gross profit 1,509 1,647 1,566 1,845 Net income (1)(2) 286 296 300 521 Earnings per common share (1)(2)(6) Diluted $ 1.13 $ 1.18 $ 1.20 $ 2.09 Basic 1.15 1.20 1.22 2.14 Fiscal 2011 Revenues $ 27,450 $ 27,534 $ 28,247 $ 28,853 Gross profit 1,392 1,366 1,461 1,751 Net income (1)(3)(4)(5) 298 327 155 422 Earnings per common share (1)(3)(4)(5)(6) Diluted Continuing operations $ 1.10 $ 0.97 $ 0.60 $ 1.62 Discontinued operation (5) 0 0.28 0 0 Total $ 1.10 $ 1.25 $ 0.60 $ 1.62 Earnings per common share (1)(3)(4)(5)(6) Basic Continuing operations $ 1.12 $ 0.99 $ 0.61 $ 1.65 Discontinued operation (5) 0 0.28 0 0 Total $ 1.12 $ 1.27 $ 0.61 $ 1.65 (1) Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $ 118 million pre-tax ($ 77 million after-tax), $ 27 million pre-tax ($ 15 million after-tax) and $ 4 million pre-tax (benefit of $ 32 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $ 24 million pre-tax ($ 16 million after-tax) and $ 189 million pre-tax ($ 133 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. (2) Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $ 42 million and $ 9 million. (3) Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $ 51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (4) Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $ 72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales. (5) Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $ 95 million pre-tax ($ 72 million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP. (6) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. X - Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (a)-(j) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952194&loc=d3e1280-108306 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net [Abstract] Information Regarding Intangible Assets March 31, 2012 March 31, 2011 Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Gross Net Gross Net Period Carrying Accumulated Carrying Carrying Accumulated Carrying (Dollars in millions) (Years) Amount Amortization Amount Amount Amortization Amount Customer lists 7 $ 1,081 $ (554 ) $ 527 $ 1,057 $ (444 ) $ 613 Service agreements 18 1,022 (52 ) 970 723 (11 ) 712 Trademarks and trade names 18 192 (38 ) 154 76 (31 ) 45 Technology 4 244 (190 ) 54 204 (170 ) 34 Other 8 76 (31 ) 45 76 (24 ) 52 Total $ 2,615 $ (865 ) $ 1,750 $ 2,136 $ (680 ) $ 1,456 Changes In The Carrying Amount Of Goodwill Distribution Technology (In millions) Solutions Solutions Total Balance, March 31, 2010 $ 1,871 $ 1,697 $ 3,568 Goodwill acquired 819 8 827 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments (32 ) (13 ) (45 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments 4 10 14 Balance, March 31, 2011 $ 2,662 $ 1,702 $ 4,364 Goodwill acquired 511 151 662 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments 20 0 20 Foreign currency translation adjustments (3 ) (11 ) (14 ) Balance, March 31, 2012 $ 3,190 $ 1,842 $ 5,032 X - Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of amortizable intangibles assets, in total and by major class, including the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total. Disclosure details may include, but are not limited to, the carrying amount of goodwill, goodwill acquired during the year, goodwill impairment losses recognized, goodwill written-off due to the sale of a business unit, goodwill not yet allocated, and any other changes to goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13854-109267 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Receivable, Net (Schedule Of Accounts Receivable) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Receivables, Net [Abstract] Customer accounts $ 8,562 $ 7,982 Other 1,537 1,341 Total 10,099 9,323 Allowances (122) (136) Net $ 9,977 $ 9,187 X - Definition Accounts and Other Receivables, Gross + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesGross Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amounts due from customers or clients, within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a, b Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5074-111524 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amounts of other receivables due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle, if longer) from third parties or arising from transactions not separately disclosed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherReceivablesGrossCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle, if longer) from outside sources, including trade accounts receivable, notes and loans receivable, as well as any other types of receivables, net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3,4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan (PSIP) Expense By Segment) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Expense by segment $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 Distribution Solutions [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Expense by segment 22 23 0 Technology Solutions [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Expense by segment 30 32 1 Corporate [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Expense by segment 6 4 0 Cost Of Sales [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Expense by segment 17 [1] 17 [1] 0 [1] Operating Expense [Member] Defined Benefit Plans Contribution Plan [Line Items] Expense by segment $ 41 $ 42 $ 1 [1] Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment. X - Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlansContributionPlanLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of the cost recognized during the period for defined contribution plans. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 70 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414718&loc=d3e28014-114942 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Income, Net (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Other Income, Net [Abstract] Other Income, Net Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Interest income $ 19 $ 18 $ 16 Equity in earnings (loss), net (1) 9 (6 ) 6 Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense 0 16 0 Gain on sale of investment (1) 0 0 17 Impairment of an investment (6 ) 0 0 Other, net (1 ) 8 4 Total $ 21 $ 36 $ 43 (1) Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. X - Definition Tabular disclosure of interest income and other income elements which are not separately disclosed on the income statement. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Significant Accounting Policies (Additional Information Regarding Capitalized Software Expenditures) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Amounts capitalized $ 47 $ 64 $ 75 Amortization expense 53 75 67 Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale 0 72 0 Third-party royalty fees paid $ 95 $ 72 $ 63 X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Additions made to capitalized computer software costs during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAdditions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for amortization of capitalized computer software costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for write-downs of capitalized computer software costs to net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareImpairments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of expense related to royalty payments under a contractual arrangement such as payment for mineral and drilling rights and use of technology or intellectual property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Mar. 31, 2009 Income Tax [Line Items] Income tax benefit discrete items $ 66,000,000 $ 34,000,000 $ 7,000,000 Undistributed earnings of foreign operations 3,300,000,000 Increase in equity 11,000,000 Unrecognized tax benefits 595,000,000 635,000,000 619,000,000 526,000,000 Unrecognized tax benefits that would impact income tax expense and the effective tax rate 387,000,000 Potential reduction of unrecognized benefits due to audit resolutions and expiration of statutes of limitations 232,000,000 Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits 140,000,000 Income tax expense, before any tax effect, related to interest 7,000,000 Research [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Domestic, research and development income tax credit carryforwards 13,000,000 Research and development credit carryforwards expiration dates 2029 to 2032 Domestic Country [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Federal, state and foreign operating loss carryforwards 173,000,000 Fed and state NOL carryforwards expiration 2013 through 2032 Federal and state capital loss carryforwards 9,000,000 Capital loss carryforwards expiration dates 2013 through 2017 Domestic, research and development income tax credit carryforwards 131,000,000 State And Local Jurisdiction [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Federal, state and foreign operating loss carryforwards 2,456,000,000 Fed and state NOL carryforwards expiration 2013 through 2032 State and foreign operating loss carryforwards valuation allowance 10,000,000 Federal and state capital loss carryforwards 28,000,000 Capital loss carryforwards expiration dates 2013 through 2017 Benefit from state deferred tax credit 9,000,000 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 1,000,000 Valuation allowance to recognize risk from state tax credits 2,000,000 Foreign Country [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Federal, state and foreign operating loss carryforwards 249,000,000 State and foreign operating loss carryforwards valuation allowance 66,000,000 Canada Revenue Agency Assessments [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Tax assessments relating to transfer pricing issues 169,000,000 Periods for which tax assessments were received 2003 through 2007 Periods for which tax assessments are objected 2004 through 2007 Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Tax assessments relating to transfer pricing issues 98,000,000 Periods for which tax assessments were received 2003 through 2006 Periods of examination 2007 through 2009 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Income Tax [Line Items] Income tax benefit discrete items $ 31,000,000 X - Definition Capital loss carryforwards expiration dates + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_CapitalLossCarryforwardsExpirationDates Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Income tax benefit discrete items + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_IncomeTaxBenefitDiscreteItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Reflects tax assessments from taxing authorities with which the Company disagrees. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_IncomeTaxExaminationAmountsAssessed Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_IncomeTaxLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Increase (Decrease) in equity upon realization of deferred tax assets + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_IncreaseDecreaseInEquityUponRealizationOfDeferredTaxAssets Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Periods for which tax assessments are objected. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PeriodsForWhichTaxAssessmentsAreObjected Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Periods for which tax assessments were received. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PeriodsForWhichTaxAssessmentsWereReceived Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Periods which are being examined + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PeriodsOfExamination Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition R and d credit carryforwards expiration dates + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_RAndDCreditCarryforwardsExpirationDates Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Undistributed foreign earnings + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_UndistributedForeignEarnings Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of future tax deductions arising from capital losses in excess of statutory limitations in historical filings, and which can only be utilized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods and providing tax laws continue to allow such utilization. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6969291&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of estimated interest recognized in the period arising from income tax examinations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationInterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of domestic, foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in total operating loss carryforwards, or the applicable range of such expiration dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of the valuation allowance pertaining to the deferred tax asset representing potential future taxable deductions from net operating loss carryforwards for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 30 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907311&loc=d3e30536-109315 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The portion of the deferred tax asset arising from some other tax carryforward for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherTaxCarryforwardValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the unrecognized tax benefit of a position taken for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount thereof will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the tax credit carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Carryforwards -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506874 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of future tax effects arising from the unused tax credit carryforward that cannot be utilized on the tax return during a year that may be carried forward to reduce taxable income or taxes payable in a future year; a tax credit carryforward is the amount by which tax credits available for utilization exceed statutory limitations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 30 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907311&loc=d3e30536-109315 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardDeferredTaxAsset Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The portion of the deferred tax asset arising from a tax credit carryforward for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Valuation Allowance -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528051 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 48 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents the amount of interest expense accrued as of the date of the statement of financial position for an underpayment of income taxes computed by applying the applicable statutory rate of interest to the difference between a tax position recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amount previously taken or expected to be taken in a tax return of the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesAccrued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Segments Of Business (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Distribution Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Distribution Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 Distribution Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Distribution Solutions [Member] Nadro [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 Technology Solutions [Member] Sep. 30, 2010 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Sep. 30, 2011 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Dec. 31, 2010 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Sep. 30, 2010 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Distribution Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Distribution Solutions [Member] Jun. 30, 2010 Antitrust Class Action Lawsuit [Member] Distribution Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Antitrust Class Action Lawsuit [Member] Distribution Solutions [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Percentage of revenue derived from services for Distributions Solutions segment less than 2% less than 2% less than 2% Interest in Investee 49.00% Litigation charges $ 4 $ 27 $ 118 $ 189 $ 24 $ 149 $ 213 $ 0 $ 149 $ 213 Share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit 51 51 Product alignment charge 9 42 51 Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale 0 72 0 72 72 Expenditures for long-lived assets $ 225 [1],[2] $ 233 [1],[2] $ 199 [1],[2] $ 175 [1],[2] $ 158 [1],[2] $ 90 [1],[2] $ 22 [1],[2] $ 26 [1],[2] $ 31 [1],[2] [1] Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. [2] Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. X - Definition Revenue derived from services as a percentage of total revenue of that segment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PercentageOfRevenueDerivedFromServices Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Product alignment expenses + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ProductAlignmentExpenses Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total expenditures for additions to long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets of the reportable segment; if the amount: (a) is included in the determination of segment assets reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) is otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in the determination of segment assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionsToNoncurrentAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for write-downs of capitalized computer software costs to net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareImpairments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The percentage of ownership of common stock or equity participation in the investee accounted for under the equity method of accounting. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 159 -Paragraph 18 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a (1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6382943&loc=d3e33918-111571 + Details Name: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents the gross amount awarded, to be received by, or to be remitted to the entity in settlement of litigation occurring during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LitigationSettlementGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of loss pertaining to the specified contingency that was charged against earnings in the period, including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyLossInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To Stock Option Activity) (Details) (Stock Options [Member], USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Y Mar. 31, 2011 Y Mar. 31, 2010 Y Stock Options [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $ 20.32 $ 18.37 $ 12.56 Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise $ 108 $ 276 $ 115 Cash received upon exercise 113 319 165 Tax benefits realized related to exercise 40 106 37 Total fair value of stock options vested 23 21 16 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 40 $ 41 $ 37 Weighted-average period in years over which stock option compensation cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 1 X - Definition Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award options fair value of shares vested + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsFairValueOfSharesVested Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate proceeds received by the entity during the annual period from exercises of stock or unit options and conversion of similar instruments granted under equity-based payment arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans, using a decimal to express in number of years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of the aggregate tax benefit realized from the exercise of stock options and the conversion of similar instruments during the annual period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The total accumulated difference between fair values of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options which were exercised (or share units converted) into shares during the reporting period under the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Tables) (Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member]) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Litigation Reserve And Expense Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period $ 330 $ 143 $ 143 Charges incurred 149 213 0 Payments made (26 ) (26 ) 0 AWP litigation reserve at end of period $ 453 $ 330 $ 143 X - Definition Schedule Of Litigation Reserve And Expense [Table Text Block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfLitigationReserveAndExpenseTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Business Combinations 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Business Combinations [Abstract] Business Combinations 2. Business Combinations On December 30, 2010, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. ("US Oncology") for approximately $ 2.1 billion, consisting of cash consideration of $ 0.2 billion, net of cash acquired, and the assumption of liabilities with a fair value of $ 1.9 billion. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. As an integrated oncology company, US Oncology is affiliated with community-based oncologists, and works with patients, hospitals, payers and the medical industry across all phases of the cancer research and delivery continuum. The acquisition of US Oncology expands our existing specialty pharmaceutical distribution business and adds practice management services for oncologists. Financial results for US Oncology have been included in the results of operations within our Distribution Solutions segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011. During the third quarter of 2012, the fair value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date were completed. The following table summarizes the final amounts of the fair values recognized for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, as well as measurement period adjustments made in the first nine months of 2012 to the amounts initially recorded in 2011. The measurement period adjustments during the first nine months of 2012 did not have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations, balance sheets or cash flows in any period, and, therefore, we have not retrospectively adjusted our financial statements. Amounts Amounts Previously Recognized as of Recognized as of Measurement Acquisition Date Acquisition Date Period (Final as (In millions) (Provisional) (1) Adjustments Adjusted) Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 662 $ (13 ) $ 649 Goodwill 808 20 828 Intangible assets 1,007 (14 ) 993 Other long-term assets 354 (6 ) 348 Current liabilities (489 ) (1 ) (490 ) Current portion of long-term debt (1,735 ) 0 (1,735 ) Other long-term liabilities (338 ) 16 (322 ) Other stockholders' equity (25 ) (2 ) (27 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 244 $ 0 $ 244 (1) As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $ 993 million, the fair value of which was determined by using Level 3 inputs, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. Acquired intangible assets primarily consist of $ 721 million of service agreements and $ 185 million of customer lists. The estimated weighted average lives of the service agreements, customer lists and total acquired intangible assets are 18 years, 10 years and 16 years. The fair value of the debt acquired was determined primarily by using Level 3 inputs. Refer to Financial Note 12, "Debt and Financing Activities," for additional information on the assumption and funding of acquired debt. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits to be realized upon integrating the business. On March 25, 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Drug Trading Company Limited, the independent banner business of the Katz Group Canada Inc. ("Katz Group"), and Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc., the franchise business of the Katz Group (collectively, "Katz Assets") for approximately $ 919 million, net of cash acquired. The total purchase price is subject to change due to working capital adjustments within 60 days of closing. The cash paid at acquisition was funded from cash on hand. The acquisition of the assets from the Drug Trading Company Limited consists of a marketing and purchasing arm of more than 850 independently owned pharmacies in Canada. The acquisition of Medicine Shoppe Canada Inc. consists of the franchise business of providing services to more than 160 independent pharmacies in Canada. The following table summarizes the preliminary recording of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date: Amounts Recognized as of Acquisition Date (In millions) (Provisional) Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 33 Goodwill 506 Intangible assets 441 Other long-term assets 15 Current liabilities (37 ) Long-term deferred tax liabilities (39 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 919 Due to the recent timing of the acquisition, these amounts are subject to change within the measurement period as our fair value assessments are finalized. Included in the purchase price allocation are acquired identifiable intangibles of $ 441 million, the fair value of which was determined by using Level 3 inputs, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. Acquired intangibles primarily consist of $ 317 million of service agreements and $ 114 million of trademarks and trade names. Service agreements, trademarks and trade names and total acquired intangibles assets each has an estimated weighted average life of 20 years. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets of approximately $ 506 million was recorded as goodwill, which primarily reflects the expected future benefits to be realized upon integrating the business. The amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is $ 287 million. Financial results for the acquired Katz Assets were not included in the results of operations for 2012 as they were not material. These results will be included in the results of operations within our Canadian pharmaceutical distribution and services, which is part of our Distribution Solutions segment, beginning in the first quarter of 2013. During the last three years, we also completed a number of other smaller acquisitions within both of our operating segments. Financial results for our business acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates. Purchase prices for our business acquisitions have been allocated based on estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill recognized for our business acquisitions is generally not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. However, if we acquire the assets of a company, the goodwill may be deductible for tax purposes. The pro forma results of operations for our business acquisitions and the results of operations for these acquisitions since the acquisition date have not been presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial statements on either an individual or an aggregate basis. X - Definition The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51, 52 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1500-128463 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e7000-128479 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e6927-128479 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e7008-128479 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1490-128463 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e6996-128479 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6910749&loc=d3e4922-128472 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6910749&loc=d3e4934-128472 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Appendix F -Paragraph F4 -Subparagraph e Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6910749&loc=d3e4926-128472 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1383-128463 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1392-128463 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1497-128463 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 67-73 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1524-128463 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 88-16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909870&loc=d3e1486-128463 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6910749&loc=d3e4845-128472 + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Balance at Beginning of Year $ 140 [1] $ 155 [1] $ 164 Charged to Costs and Expenses 35 18 23 Charged to Other Accounts 0 [2] 3 [2] 17 [2] Deductions From Allowance Accounts (50) [3] (36) [3] (49) [3] Balance at End of Year 125 [1] 140 [1] 155 [1] Allowance For Doubtful Accounts [Member] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Balance at Beginning of Year 124 [1] 131 [1] 152 Charged to Costs and Expenses 30 18 17 Charged to Other Accounts 0 [2] 5 [2] 7 [2] Deductions From Allowance Accounts (43) [3] (30) [3] (45) [3] Balance at End of Year 111 [1] 124 [1] 131 [1] Other Allowances [Member] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Balance at Beginning of Year 16 [1] 24 [1] 12 Charged to Costs and Expenses 5 0 6 Charged to Other Accounts 0 [2] (2) [2] 10 [2] Deductions From Allowance Accounts (7) [3] (6) [3] (4) [3] Balance at End of Year 14 [1] 16 [1] 24 [1] Written Off [Member] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Deductions From Allowance Accounts (44) (36) (49) Credited To Other Accounts [Member] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Deductions From Allowance Accounts (6) 0 0 Deductions [Member] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Deductions From Allowance Accounts (50) (36) (49) Amounts Shown As Deductions From Current And Non-Current Receivables [Member] Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items] Balance at End of Year $ 125 $ 140 $ 155 [1] Amounts shown as deductions from current and non - current receivables $ 125 $ 140 $ 155 [2] Primarily represents reclassifications from other balance sheet accounts. [3] Deductions: Written off $ (44 ) $ (36 ) $ (49 ) Credited to other accounts (6 ) 0 0 Total $ (50 ) $ (36 ) $ (49 ) X - Definition Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, charged to costs and expenses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, charged to accounts other than costs and expenses in a given period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized, respectively. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (RSU Activity) (Details) (RSUs [Member], USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 RSUs [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Nonvested, Shares, Beginning balance 6 4 3 Granted, Shares 2 3 2 Vested, Shares (1) (1) (1) Nonvested, Shares, Ending balance 7 6 4 Nonvested, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Beginning of period $ 57.79 $ 49.21 $ 54.70 Granted, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share $ 82.71 $ 67.84 $ 40.94 Vested, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share $ 57.95 $ 61.05 $ 50.42 Nonvested, Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, End of period $ 65.14 $ 57.79 $ 49.21 X - Definition The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(2)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
begin 644 Financial_Report.xls M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B M8V$U83`Q9C '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9%]3=&%T96UE;G1S7T]F7T-A M #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-I9VYI M9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I;F=?4&]L:6-I93PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O M #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D)U #I. M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-H87)E0F%S961? M0V]M #I% M>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DEN8V]M M95]487AE #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/D1I #I7;W)K M #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O M #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E M;%=O #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/E!E;G-I;VY?0F5N969I=',\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T* M("`@(#QX.E=O #I% M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D9I;F%N8VEA;%]);G-T #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DQE87-E7T]B;&EG871I;VYS/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R M:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O 3PO>#I. M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E)E;&%T961?4&%R M='E?0F%L86YC97-?06YD7U1R83PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-E9VUE;G1S7T]F7T)U #I%>&-E;%=O #I% M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-U #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-I9VYI M9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I;F=?4&]L:6-I93$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7 M;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O M #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX M.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O M #I.86UE/E-H87)E0F%S961?0V]M #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/D]T:&5R7TEN8V]M95].971?5&%B;&5S/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R M:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7U1A8FQE #I.86UE M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D5A #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E)E8V5I=F%B;&5S7TYE=%]486)L97,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@ M("`\>#I7;W)K 5]0;&%N=%]!;F1? M17%U:7!M96YT7TXQ/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I% M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D1E8G1?06YD7T9I;F%N M8VEN9U]!8W1I=FET:65S7SPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E!E;G-I;VY?0F5N969I='-?5&%B;&5S/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@ M("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I% M>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I. M86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O M #I.86UE/@T*("`@ M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E M;%=O #I.86UE/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I M;F=?4&]L:6-I93,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O M #I.86UE/@T*("`@ M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E M;%=O #I.86UE/E!R;V1U8W1?06QI9VYM96YT7T%N M9%]! #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K F4\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K M #I7;W)K #I7 M;W)K #I7;W)K 5]0;&%N=%]!;F1?17%U:7!M96YT7TXR/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@ M/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I. M86UE/D=O;V1W:6QL7T%N9%]);G1A;F=I8FQE7T%S #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I. M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D1E8G1?06YD7T9I M;F%N8VEN9U]!8W1I=FET:65S7S(\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O M #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D1E8G1?06YD7T9I;F%N8VEN9U]!8W1I=FET M:65S7S4\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E M;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I% M>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E!O M #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX M.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O M #I.86UE/E!O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/E!O #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D9I;F%N8VEA;%]'=6%R86YT965S7T%N9%]787)R83$\ M+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O M #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE M/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R #I.86UE/@T*("`@ M(#QX.E=O #I7;W)K #I% M>&-E;%=O 5]!8V-U;75L871E/"]X.DYA;64^ M#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E)E;&%T961?4&%R='E? M0F%L86YC97-?06YD7U1R83$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-E9VUE;G1S M7T]F7T)U #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX M.E=O #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O 5]#;VYS;VQI9&%T961?1FEN,3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX M.E=O #I3='EL97-H965T($A2968],T0B5V]R:W-H965T M &-E;"!84"!O 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT M4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!);F9O &-E 2!);F9O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^34-+15-3 M3TX@0T]24#QS '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M 2!&:6QE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!0=6)L:6,@1FQO870\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\ M=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970] M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T M '0O:'1M;#L@ M8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@ M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X M="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@3F5T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^)FYB '0^)FYB F5D(&%T($UA 2!3 M:&%R97,L(&%T($-O 3PO=&0^#0H@ M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@ M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 7!E.B!T97AT M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^ M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$ M=&5X="]J879A F5D/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W M7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U M83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2`H55-$("0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI M;VYS/"]S=')O;F '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 65E('!L86YS+"!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@ M8VQA "!B96YE M9FET(')E;&%T960@=&\@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@ 65E('!L86YS/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`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`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@ M:'1T '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &-E '0^)FYB '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT* M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E M,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA #PO=&0^#0H@ M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F%T:6]N/"]T9#X- M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M M 6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '!E;G-E(&]N(&QI=&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@ M("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*("`@ M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6UE;G1S(&]F('-H;W)T+71E 65A &5S+"!N970@;V8@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F4],T0R/CH@36-+97-S;VX@0V]R 2PB('1H92`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`\9F]N="!C;&%S M 2`\9F]N="!C;&%S &EM871E;'D@/&9O;G0@8VQA 2`\9F]N="!C M;&%S 2!O=&AE F4@86YD(&1I=F5R 2!O9B!T:&4@8W5S=&]M97(@ M8F%S92!A 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[ M)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4] M,T0R/D9I;F%N8VEN9R!296-E:79A8FQE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!L96%S92!A;F0@ M;F]T97,@ 2!O9B!O=7(@9FEN M86YC:6YG(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S('5T:6QI>FEN9R!A9VEN9R!O9B!R96-E:79A M8FQE &ES M=&EN9R!E8V]N;VUI8R!C;VYD:71I;VYS+"!T;R!D971E 2X@07,@;V8@36%R8V@@,S$L(#(P,3(@ M86YD(#(P,3$L(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!R96-E:79A8FQE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!D971E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 2`\9F]N="!C;&%S '!E;G-E(&]F("0\9F]N="!C;&%S F5D('=H96X@ M=&AE(&YE="!E9F9E8W0@;V8@ &-E961S('1H92!I M;7!A8W0@;V8@ F4],T0R/E=E(&)E;&EE=F4@ M=&AA="!T:&4@879E 2`H/"]F M;VYT/CQI/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/BP@ M(FUA 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[ M)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4] M,T0R/E-H:7!P:6YG(&%N9"!(86YD;&EN9R!#;W-T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!T;R!O=7(@8W5S=&]M97)S M(&EN(&1I '!E;G-E 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N=#H@/"]F;VYT/CPO:3X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/DEM FEN9R!E:71H97(@82!Q=6%L:71A=&EV92!O 2!T:&%N(&YO="!E>&-E961S(&ET 6EN9R!V86QU92P@;F\@9G5R=&AE 2X@1F]R(')E "!S M97)I97,@;V8@87-S=6UP=&EO;G,@86YD(&IU9&=M96YT(&)Y(&UA;F%G96UE M;G0@:6X@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/D-U 2!A;&P@;V8@;W5R(&EN=&%N M9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!A;F0@ M87)E(&=E;F5R86QL>2!A;6]R=&EZ960@;VX@82!S=')A:6=H="!L:6YE(&)A M 3PO9F]N=#X@>65A 6EN9R!V86QU92!O9B!T M:&4@87-S971S(&UA>2!N;W0@8F4@ 6EN9R!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@87-S970@;W9E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 2X@0V]M 29N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/G1H 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4@:7,@87,@9F]L;&]W M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,30E(&-O;'-P86X],T0S(&%L:6=N M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/EEE87)S($5N9&5D($UA "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N M=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI M9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E(&%L:6=N M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F5D/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]I/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!T:&%N M(&YO="!D971E 2!A9&]P=&EO;B!W87,@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 65R 2!) 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!T;R!D:7-C;&]S92!I;F9O 2!E=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@=&AI 3X-"CPO M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1? M.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`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`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`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,V)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B`D/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F M="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/C(T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q M*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D%S('!R979I;W5S M;'D@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 2!U 65A 2!R969L96-T F5D('5P;VX@ M:6YT96=R871I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E B!' B!' B!! 2`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@ M8VQA '0^/&1I=CX@/'`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE #PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O M F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!T:&4@ 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/B@S*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4] M,T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92!I 2P@82!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('!R92UT87@@8V]M "UD961U8W1I8FQE+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^ M/"]P/CPO9&EV/@T*#0H\ F4],T0R/E1H92`R,#`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`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`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`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@ M(S`P,#`P,"`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`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E)E;6%I;FEN M9SPO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O M;&1-5"Q4:6UE &5R8VES86)L93PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1- M5"Q4:6UE &5R8VES93PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&-E M;G1E 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D%T(%EE87(@16YD/"]F M;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E M/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T* M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O M;&1-5"Q4:6UE &5R8VES93PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3`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`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`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`T F4],T0R/C,S+C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX] M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG+"!-87)C:"`S,2P@,C`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`T F4],T0R/C8W+CDU M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &5R8VES960\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`T F4],T0R/C0R+C(P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG+"!-87)C:"`S,2P@,C`Q,CPO M9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,30E M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`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`T F4],T0R/C4V+C 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q M F4],T0R/C0Y M+C@V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B@R*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA M F4],T0R/E1H92!I;G1R:6YS M:6,@=F%L=64@:7,@8V%L8W5L871E9"!A 2=S(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F(")I M;BUT:&4M;6]N97DB(&]P=&EO;G,N/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]P M/CPO9&EV/@T*#0H\9&EV/B9N8G-P.SPO9&EV/@T*#0H\ F4],T0R/E1H92!F;VQL;W=I;F 3H\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/@T*#0H\9&EV/@T*#0H\ M=&%B;&4@8V5L;'-P86-I;F "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,S,E(&-O;'-P86X],T0V/CQB/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/EEE87)S($5N9&5D($UA 65A 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O M;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE M F4],T0R/E=E:6=H M=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E('!E 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M.24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C$X+C,W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H M="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D%G9W)E9V%T92!I;G1R:6YS:6,@=F%L=64@;VX@ M97AE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C$P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`S 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M.24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C$Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M:6YD96YT.B`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`S 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C$V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/G)E;&%T960@=&\@=6YV97-T960@ 65T(')E8V]G;FEZ960L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^/"]T M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H M/3-$,3(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`R F4],T0R/G!R92UT87@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$T,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!H879E(&YO="!B965N(&=R86YT960@:6X@=&AE(&9O '!E;G-E+"!N970@;V8@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9O 65T(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=V%S(&%P &EM871E;'D@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S M/3-$7VUT/C@Q/"]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+"`H8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('!E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\96T^16UP M;&]Y964@4W1O8VL@4'5R8VAA F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA F5D(&9O 65E 7)O;&P@9&5D=6-T:6]N 65E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-#`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T."4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B@V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D]T:&5R+"!N970\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\ M+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C(Q/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA M F4],T0R/E)E8V]R9&5D('=I=&AI;B!O=7(@1&ES=')I8G5T M:6]N(%-O;'5T:6]N F4],T0R/DEN(#(P,3$L(&]T:&5R(&EN M8V]M92P@;F5T(&EN8VQU9&5D(&$@8W)E9&ET(&]F("0\9F]N="!C;&%S '!E;G-E M(&)Y('1H92!F;W)M97(@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 2!I;G1E 2P@9F]R(&$@ "!G86EN(&]F("0\ M9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6EN9R!V86QU97,@;V8@ '!E 2!D96-L:6YE(&EN M('9A;'5E+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^(#PO9&EV/CQS 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@ M:'1T '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &5S(%M!8G-T &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV M/B`\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E &5S/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W`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`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/FEN8V]M92!T87AE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0R/C$L.3$Y/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`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`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P M(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R M/C4Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`S M F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&%N9"!A8V-R=65D(&EN M=&5R97-T+B!);F-L=61E9"!I;B!T:&4@,C`Q,B!D:7-C "!R97-E F4],T0R/E=E(&AA=F4@ "!A 2`Q-2P@,C`Q,BX@5V4@:&%V92!A;'-O(')E8V5I=F5D(&%S M 2`H(D-2 M02(I(&9O 6UE;G1S(&]F(&UO "!#;W5R="!O9B!#86YA9&$L(&-O;F-L=61E9"!I;B!E87)L>2!& M96)R=6%R>2`R,#$R+"!A;F0@=V4@87)E('=A:71I;F 2!P 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &%M:6YA=&EO;B!O9B`\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!P "!U;F-E M "!A M &5S('1O(&)E('!A M:60N(%=E(&)E;&EE=F4@=&AA="!W92!H879E(&UA9&4@861E "!U;F-E 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 2!T87@@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/&(^/&9O M;G0@8VQA "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I M9'1H/3-$,3`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`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@ 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`E(&-O;'-P86X],T0U/CQB/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/DUA 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3(\ M+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE F4],T0R/E)E8V5I=F%B;&4@86QL;W=A;F-E M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`W 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D1E9F5R F4] M,T0R/C$Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#0E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^ M)FYB F4] M,T0R/C$P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#0E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C0T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)FYB F4],T0R/C0P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#0E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/DQO 69O M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q,#$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S M/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`R F4],T0R/E1O M=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/DYE="!D969E F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M,3`E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`W 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/CQT9"!W:61T M:#TS1#DW)2!C;VQS F4] M,T0R/D-U "!L:6%B:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0R/B@Q+#`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/DYE="!D969E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT M.B`W F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`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`R F4],T0R/FQI;6ET871I;VYS/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C`\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L M87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C8Q.3PO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0R M/D]F('1H92!T;W1A;"`D/&9O;G0@8VQA F5D+B!$=7)I;F '0@='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H 2!P;W-S:6)L92!T M:&%T(&%U9&ET(')E 2!C:&%N9V4@8F5C875S92!W92!C;VYT:6YU92!T;R!H879E(&]N9V]I;F 65A F4],T0R/E=E(')E "!D969I8VEE;F-I97,@87,@:6YC;VUE('1A>"!E>'!E;G-E+B!! M="!-87)C:"`S,2P@,C`Q,BP@8F5F;W)E(&%N>2!T87@@8F5N969I=',L(&]U M '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W M7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U M83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/&1I M=CX@/&D^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/DEN($IU;'D@,C`Q,"P@;W5R(%1E8VAN M;VQO9WD@4V]L=71I;VYS('-E9VUE;G0@ 2UF;W)W87)D 2!R96-O "!B96YE9FET(&EN M(&]U 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T* M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F4],T0R/D)A &-E &5R8VES960@;W(@8V]N M=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M F4],T0R/C 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`T 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M "!D;W5B M;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P M>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L M,C8S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C(U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX] M,T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;3X\=&0@ #LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$."4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`U F4] M,T0R/D1I 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$."4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ F4] M,T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0N-C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0N-S`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C0N-C(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/"]D:78^#0H- M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q*2`\+V9O;G0^ M/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D-E 2!R969L96-T(')O=6YD:6YG(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O M;G0^/"]P/CPO9&EV/@T*#0H\ F4],T0R/E!O=&5N M=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97,@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`Y.3PO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-"4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q,C(\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P M(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-"4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\=&0@ '0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/DYE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/CDL.3 6QE M/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0R/CDL,3@W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2P@4&QA;G0@06YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@3F5T/&)R/CPO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2P@4&QA M;G0@06YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@3F5T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S M/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\ "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-C`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`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`E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L,#0S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@ M:'1T '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT M+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 3PO M9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M-#`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`C,#`P,#`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`R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@] M,T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C0L,S8T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$U,3PO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D%C 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/C(P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@] M,T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI M9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(&-O;'-P86X],T0X(&%L:6=N/3-$ M8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/DUA 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE M F%T:6]N/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI M9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0Q/D=R;W-S/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/DYE=#PO M9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0Q/D-A 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/D%C M8W5M=6QA=&5D/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI M9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB #LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@ M 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB M "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O M;G0@ 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/D%M;W5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0Q/C$L,#4W/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/BD\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1# F4],T0Q/C8Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$ M8F]T=&]M/CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$W)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0Q/E-E M 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/C$L,#(R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB F4],T0Q/B@U,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q M/C 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/C$X/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0Q/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0Q/C$U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX] M,T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T M:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0Q/C0U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H M/3-$."4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E F4],T0Q/B@Q.3`\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0Q/C(P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0Q/C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/C@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$."4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$."4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B@X M-C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX] M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@86QI9VX] M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0Q/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ M(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F%T:6]N(&5X F%T:6]N(&5X F%T M:6]N(&%S(&]F($UA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A F4Z(#$Q 3H@)T-A;&EB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI M9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@)T-A;&EB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$R F4Z(#$Q 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z M(#$R F4Z(#$Q F4Z(#$Q F4Z(#$Q F4Z M(#$P 3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA M;B 3H@)T-A;&EB 3H@)T-A;&EB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P 2`Q+"`R,#$R/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4Z(#$R 3H@)T-A;&EB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R F4Z(#$P F4Z(#$R 3H@)T-A;&EB 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F F4Z(#$Q '0M M:6YD96YT.B`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`Q+C`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`S,2P@,C`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`\ M9F]N="!C;&%S &-L=61E9"X@268@=V4@97AC965D('1H:7,@ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S M9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/"]B M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/C(P,3`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`R F4],T0R/G-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`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`C,#`P M,#`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`E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P M(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/C8\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P M(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4] M,T0R/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I M9'1H/3-$,R4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C0Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B@R-C`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F M="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B@R,#D\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R M 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@R-C`\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T M=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O M F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^ M/"]D:78^#0H-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q M*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/E1H92!B96YE9FET M(&]B;&EG871I;VX@:7,@=&AE('!R;VIE8W1E9"!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I M;VXN/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#8W)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T M86)L93X\+V1I=CX-"@T*/'`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`P,#`P,"`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0@=VED=&@],T0S)3XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F%T:6]N(&]F.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B@R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M=&0@ #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#0T)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S M/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;F5T M('!E #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P M,"`Q F4],T0R M/F-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@;&]S 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,T/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`Q F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0R/E=E(&5X 2!T M;R!P96YS:6]N(&5X 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF M;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R M/D5X 65E('-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^ M)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CQB M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/EEE87)S($5N9&5D($UA "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3$\ M+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/C0N.3@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C4N M,S`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`C,#`P M,#`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`E/CQB/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/DQE=F5L(#(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/D-A M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$T/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C(X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S M F4],T0R M/C0X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^ M)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/DUO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@ M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C(P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/D9I>&5D(&EN8V]M M92!C;VUM:6YG;&5D(&9U;F1S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D]T:&5R.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I M9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,Y)3X\9F]N="!C M;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C$W/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT M.B`R F4],T0R/D]T:&5R M(&-O;6UI;F=L960@9G5N9',\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F M="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P M(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`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`R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF M;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0Q,#PO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q*2`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`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/DQE=F5L(#,\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1- M5"Q4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C$T-#PO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/D=O=F5R;FUE;G0@ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4] M,T0R/E)E86P@97-T871E(&9U;F1S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX] M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,X)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/E1R86YS9F5R(&EN(&%N9"]O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4] M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4] M,T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@ M36%R8V@@,S$L(#(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`D/&9O;G0@8VQA 2`D/&9O;G0@8VQA M 2!T:&4@4%-)4"!P87)T:6-I M 2`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`\+V9O;G0^ M/"]B/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M,3(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`V F4],T0R/C`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/C`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`V 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S M/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ F4],T0R/E!3 M25`@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`V 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG/B9N M8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 7!E M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@ M/&AE860^#0H@("`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`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`R F4],T0R/G!R M:6]R('-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q-3PO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R M/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/"]D:78^#0H-"CQP('-T>6QE M/3-$)VUA F4],T0R/B`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L M969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/E=E(&5S=&EM871E M('1H870@=&AE(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@86-T=6%R:6%L(&QO 2!T;R!O=&AE '!E;G-E(&EN(#(P,3,@=VEL;"!B92`D/&9O;G0@8VQA 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF M;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E '!E M8W1E9"!-961I8V%R92!S=6)S:61Y(')E8V5I 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 65A 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`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`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M '0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(&UI;FEM=6T@;&5A F4],T0R/B@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W-U 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P M(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R M/C@V.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX-"@T*/'`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`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/&1I M=CX@/'`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`W+"`R,#`X+"!A;B!A8W1I;VX@=V%S(&9I;&5D(&)Y('1H92!" M;V%R9"!O9B!#;W5N='D@0V]M;6ES 2P@2V%N 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!O9B!!;F]K82P@36EN;F5S;W1A M.R!"86QT:6UO 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/BP@*$YO+B`Q.C`Y+4-6+3$P.#0S+5!"4RD@*")-:6-H:6=A M;B!#;W5N=&EE F4],T0R/D]N($UA 6EN9RP@:6X@ 2P@2V%N 2`Q,RP@,C`Q,2P@=&AE(%5N:71E9"!3=&%T97,@0V]U F4],T0R/D]N M($IU;F4@,C@@86YD($IU;F4@,CDL(#(P,3$L(')E 2P@=&AE M($-O;7!A;GD@97AE8W5T960@ 2!E>&5C=71E9"!A('-E='1L96UE;G0@ M86=R965M96YT('=I=&@@=&AE(%-T871E(&]F($]K;&%H;VUA('=I=&@@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[ M)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!T:&4@8V]U 7,G(&9E M97,@87,@87!P 2!P;&%I;G1I9F9S(&%N9"!S=6)J96-T('1O M(&-O=7)T(&%P 2!R96QA=&EN9R!T;R!&1$(G 2!L:6%B:6QI='D@;VX@=&AE('!A 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!A 2`D/&9O;G0@8VQA 2!T:&4@0V]M 2!I;G1O('1H M92!S971T;&5M96YT(&5S8W)O=RP@86YD('1H92!B86QA;F-E(&]F('1H92`D M.#(@;6EL;&EO;B!I '!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!P86ED(&EN=&\@=&AE('-E M='1L96UE;G0@97-C 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE M9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2`U+"`R,#$R+"!T:&4@0V]M 2!A;F0@=&AE('!L86EN=&EF M9G,@:6X@=&AE($UI8VAI9V%N($-O=6YT:65S($%C=&EO;B!F:6QE9"!A('-T M:7!U;&%T960@;W)D97(@;V8@9&ES;6ES 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE M9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4 M:6UE F4],T0R/DEN(')E($UC2V5S M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D]N(%-E 7,G(&9E97,@86YD(&-O F4],T0R/BP@*$YO+B`Q,$-6,30Y,2DN($]N($9E8G)U87)Y(#(T+"`R,#$Q M+"!T:&4@8V]U 2`Q-2P@,C`Q,BP@=&AE(&-O M=7)T(&=R86YT960@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDG 2!I 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\:3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4 M:6UE F4],T0R/E1H92!-:7-S:7-S M:7!P:2!!8W1I;VX\+V9O;G0^/"]I/CPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!B>2!T:&4@4W1A=&4@;V8@36ES 2!A 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/E-T871E(&]F($UI 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!F M:6QE9"!A(&UO=&EO;B!T;R!T 2!#;W5R="!O9B!(:6YD 2`Q+"`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@8V]U 2=S('!E=&ET:6]N(&)U="!O 2!A;&QE9V5D(%)) M0T\@8VQA:6US(&%N9"!A9&1E9"!C;&%I;7,@;VX@8F5H86QF(&]F('1H92!- M:7-S:7-S:7!P:2!S=&%T92!E;7!L;WEE92!H96%L=&@@ 2!F:6QE9"!A(&UO=&EO;B!T;R!D M:7-M:7-S('1H92!3=&%T92=S(&-L86EM('5N9&5R($UI 2!S970@=')I M86P@9&%T92!O9B!.;W9E;6)E 2!I 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\:3X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI M8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/E1H92!!;&%S:V$@06-T:6]N/"]F;VYT/CPO:3X\+W`^#0H- M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2P@86YD('-E96MI;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4] M,T0R/BA.;RX@,T%.+3$P+3$Q,S0X+4-)*2X@3VX@36%Y(#(T+"`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`R,#$Q+"!T:&4@8V]U 2X@3VX@2G5N M92`Q-BP@,C`Q,2P@04A#0T-3(&9I;&5D(&$@;F]T:6-E(&]F(&%P 65T(&)E96X@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\:3X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET M86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/E1H92!(87=A:6D@06-T:6]N/"]F;VYT/CPO:3X\+W`^ M#0H-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 2!A M;F0@1D1"(&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/BA#5BX@3F\N(#$P+3$M,C0Q,2TQ,2U'5T)# M*2X@3VX@07!R:6P@,3(L(#(P,3$L('1H92!C;W5R="!D96YI960@=&AE($-O M;7!A;GDG 2!I F4],T0R/D]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P+"`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`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`R,#$R+"!T:&4@8V]U 2P@=&AE M(&-O=7)T(&1I 2`R,2P@,C`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`Y,S4I M+B!/;B!-87)C:"`Q,BP@,C`Q,BP@=&AE(&-O=7)T(&AE;&0@82!H96%R:6YG M(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W,@;6]T:6]N('1O(&1I 65T M(&ES 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2P@=&]R M=&EO=7,@:6YT97)F97)E;F-E('=I=&@@8V]N=')A8W0L(&%N9"!F 7,G(&9E97,@86YD(&-O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2`Y+"`R,#$R+B!$:7-C;W9E 2`X+"`R,#$S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H- M"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\:3X\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4] M,T0R/D(N(%1H92!.97 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 2!F:6QE9"!A('%U:2!T86T@86-T:6]N(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S M($1I 2P@ 2!C;W!Y(&]F('1H92!R96QA=&]R)W,@=&AI 7,G(&9E97,@86YD(&-O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D]N($IA;G5A 2!T:&4@0V]M 2!O9B!A 2!H87,@9G5L;'D@ F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA 2!R97-O;'9I;F 2!C;&%I;7,N(%!R92UT87@@8VAA 2=S($%74"!L:71I9V%T:6]N(')E 2!E>&-E960@;W(@8F4@;&5S 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E(&-O;'-P86X],T0X(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/EEE87)S($5N9&5D($UA 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE F4],T0R/D%74"!L:71I M9V%T:6]N(')E 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$T,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T M=&]M/CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/D-H87)G M97,@:6YC=7)R960\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S F4],T0R/C$T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG M;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R M/E!A>6UE;G1S(&UA9&4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI M9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R M/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ '0M:6YD96YT.B`U F4],T0R/D%74"!L:71I9V%T:6]N M(')E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0U,SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI M9#L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#-P>#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$T,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T M86)L93X\+V1I=CX-"@T*/'`@ F4],T0R/E1H92!C:&%R9V5S(&9O 2!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!$;W5G;&%S($-O=6YT>2P@2V%N M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/F%C=&EO;B!P96YD:6YG(&EN($YE=R!*97)S97D@ M9F5D97)A;"!C;W5R="!T;R!T:&4@97AT96YT('1H;W-E(&-L86EM 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY)22X@3W1H97(@3&ET:6=A=&EO M;B!A;F0@0VQA:6US/"]P/@T*#0H\ F4],T0R/D]N M($]C=&]B97(@,RP@,C`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`Q-"P@,C`Q,BX@26X@:71S('!R M971R:6%L(&9I;&EN9W,L('1H92!54T$@ 2!O F4],T0R/D%S('!R979I;W5S;'D@ 2P@36-+97-S;VX@365D:6-A;"U3=7)G:6-A M;"!);F,N("@B34U3(BDL(&AA 2!T M:&ER9"!P87)T:65S+B!!;&P@8G5T)FYB 2!V97)D:6-T(&%G86EN 2`R,#$S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`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`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`C,#`P,#`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`R,#$P+"`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$-R4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T #LG/B9N8G-P M.SPO 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U M83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R M '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\8CX\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1- M5"Q4:6UE 2!"86QA;F-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF M;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 65E('-T;V-K('!U M 2`R,#`T+B!);G1E M '1E;G0@=&AA="!C87-H(&ES(')E8V5I=F5D+B!4:&5S92!N M;W1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE '!E;G-E('!A:60@=&\@86X@97%U:71Y+6AE;&0@:6YV97-T M;65N="X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/B`\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A M,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`U F4],T0R/E1O=&%L($1I "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0R/C$P."PX.#D\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`U F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T M=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H M/3-$,3$E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$."4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C$P."PW,#(\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P M,#`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`\ M+V9O;G0^/"]S=7`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`C,#`P M,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@] M,T0R)3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CQS=7`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`T/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,S+#`Y,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\ M9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M F4],T0Q/B@R*29N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D]P97)A=&EN9R!P M '!E;G-E M F4],T0Q/B@S*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4] M,T0R/D]P97)A=&EN9R!P F5D('-O9G1W M87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4L('=H:6-H('=A F4],T0Q/B@T*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA M F4],T0R/D%M;W5N=',@ F%T:6]N(&]F(&%C 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B@V*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA M F4],T0R/DQO;F F4],T0R/E)E=F5N=65S(&%N9"!P 2P@ M 2!G96]G 6QE M/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O M;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H M/3-$-R4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$ M,3(E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P M,"`Q 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1# 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/C$R,BPW,S0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B M;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/C$Q M,BPP.#0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M-R4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H M=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX\8G(^/"]S M=')O;F 2!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/C(Y-CPO9F]N=#X@/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4] M,T0R/D1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N,3,\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N M,3@\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N,C`\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@] M,T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(N,#D\+V9O;G0^ M(#PO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$L-S4Q/"]F;VYT/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\ M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#,V)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/DYE="!I;F-O;64@/"]F;VYT/CQS=7`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B@Q*2@S M*2@T*2@U*3PO9F]N=#X\+W-U 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$U-3PO9F]N=#X@ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D5A F4],T0R/B@Q*2@S*2@T*2@U*2@V M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W-U 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`N,C@\ M+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`Y F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/B`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`N.3D\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`N M-C$\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N-C4\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`U F4],T0R/D1I F4],T0R/B@U*3PO9F]N=#X\+W-U M "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C`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`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`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!#;VYS;VQI9&%T M960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N="!38VAE9'5L92!686QU871I;VX@06YD M(%%U86QI9GEI;F 2!#;VYS;VQI M9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N="!38VAE9'5L92!686QU871I;VX@ M06YD(%%U86QI9GEI;F '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6EN9R!!8V-O=6YT '0^/&1I=CX@/'`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`^/"]B/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE F4],T0R/D%L;&]W86YC97,@9F]R(&1O M=6)T9G5L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/F%C8V]U;G1S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED M=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B@S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[ M)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$T,#PO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE F4],T0R/D%L M;&]W86YC97,@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@] M,T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P M,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ M F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/C$U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V)O #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,3`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`E(&%L:6=N/3-$ M F4],T0R/B@V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L M:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`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`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`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`@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 2!P97)T86EN('1O(&]U F5D(&%F=&5R(')E86-H M:6YG('1H92!P;VEN="!O9B!G96YE 2!U &EM871E;'DF;F)S 65A F5D(&-A F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&-O F%T:6]N('!E F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R M('-A;&4@=V%S("0\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/D%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@ "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E(&%L M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-38E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\:3X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI M8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/BA);B!M:6QL:6]N 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M=&0@ F4],T0R/E1H:7)D+7!A 6%L='D@9F5E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE M/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C8S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T F5D(%-O9G1W87)E M($AE;&0@1F]R($EN=&5R;F%L(%5S93PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S M '0^/&1I=CX@/&1I=CX-"@T*/'`@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R(&EN=&5R;F%L('5S92!W87,@)#QF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C0T-3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L M87-S/3-$7VUT/C0T-CPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@;F5T(&]F(&%C8W5M=6QA M=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B`D/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/E5N9&5R(&]U 2!L87 '!E M8W1E9"!U;F1E F4@8V5R=&%I;B!A8W1U87)I86P@87-S=6UP=&EO;G,@9F]L;&]W960@ M:6X@=&AE(&EN 2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO9&EV/B`\ M+V1I=CX\ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/CQI/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!A;&QO=W,@8W5S=&]M97)S('1O(')E='5R;B!P &5S(&-O;&QE8W1E M9"!F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!T;R!O=7(@8W5S=&]M97)S)R!W87)E:&]U 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2P@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@:6YV96YT;W)Y(')I 2!O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF M;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 2!C;VYT86EN M(&$@8V]M8FEN871I;VX@;V8@=F%R:6]U 2!M;V1I9FEE9"!E>&ES=&EN9R!A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 7-T M96US("AC;VYS:7-T:6YG(&]F('-O9G1W87)E+"!H87)D=V%R92!A;F0@;6%I M;G1E;F%N8V4@ F4],T0R/E-O9G1W87)E('-Y 2!O 2!A 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 2!R96-O9VYI>F5D('5P;VX@9&5L:79E F5D(')A=&%B;'D@;W9E F5D(&%S('1H92!W;W)K(&ES('!E 2!O=F5R('1H92!P97)I;V0@8V]V97)E9"!B>2!T M:&4@86=R965M96YT 2!M87)K971E M9"!U;F1E 2!O=F5R('1H92!C;VYT F5D(&%S('1R86YS M86-T:6]N F5D(&UO;G1H;'D@87,@=&AE('-E F5D(&%S M('1H92!S97)V:6-E(&ES('!E F4],T0R/E=E(&%L 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2P@86YD(&9O 2!O M9B!T:&4@;&%S="!E;&5M96YT(&]R('5N=&EL('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F M('1H92!U;F1E;&EV97)E9"!E;&5M96YT(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN86)L92X@169F M96-T:79E($%P 2!M;V1I9FEE9"!A9G1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!A 2!B971W965N(')E8V]R9&EN M9R!T:&4@86-C 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE M F4],T0R/E-U F4],T0R/D9E97,@9F]R('-E 2X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO M9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M '!E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ M(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI M8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/CQI/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M &5S/"]F;VYT M/CPO:3XZ(#PO9F]N=#X\+VD^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/E=E(&%C8V]U;G0@9F]R(&EN8V]M M92!T87AE 2!M971H;V0L M('=H:6-H(')E "!B M87-I '!E8W1E9"!T;R!R979E F5D(&ES(&UE87-U 2!O9B!B96EN9R!R96%L M:7IE9"!U 2!R96EN=F5S=&5D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/"]D M:78^(#PO9&EV/CQS 2!4 '0^/&1I=CX@/&1I=CX-"@T*/'`@ M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 2!4 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 2!C;VYS:61E 2!T;R!B92!T:&5I &-H86YG M92!R871E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!A;F0@ M:6YT97)E '!O F5D(&%S(&$@8VAA M F5D(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@ 2!E=F%L=6%T92!H961G92!E9F9E8W1I=F5N M97-S+"!A;F0@:6YE9F9E8W1I=F4@ F5D(&%S(&$@8VAA '0^/&1I=CX@ M/&1I=CX-"@T*/'`@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E '!E;G-E+"!F;W(@ M=&AE('!O '!E;G-E(&]N(&$@9W)A9&5D('9E F5D(&AA F4],T0R/E=E(&%R92!S M=6)J96-T('1O('9A 2!N;W0@8F4@ 65A 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ M(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!P;W-S:6)L92!T:&%T(&$@;&]S 2!P;W-S:6)L92!T:&%T('1H92!A;6]U M;G0@;V8@82!L;W-S('=I;&P@97AC965D('1H92!R96-O "!W:&5N('1H92!O=71C M;VUE(&ES(&1I 2!E '0^/&1I=CX@/&1I=CX-"@T*/'`@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!E>&-E '!E;G-E '!E;G-E9"!A '1087)T M7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D M-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,30E(&-O;'-P M86X],T0S(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/EEE87)S($5N M9&5D($UA "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3(\+V9O M;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O M;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F5D/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ M F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E(&%L M:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T* M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`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`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/CDQ.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$ M7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L M87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^/"]T #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!T:&4@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/B@S M*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@ M97AP96YS92!I 2P@82!P M;W)T:6]N(&]F('!R92UT87@@8V]M "UD961U8W1I8FQE+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I M=CX\ "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0V/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/EEE87)S($5N9&5D($UA 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3`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`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F M="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$ M,C4E(&-O;'-P86X],T0S/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D]P=&EO;G,@17AE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4 M:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D+3PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG M;CTS1&-E;G1E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E)A M;F=E(&]F($5X97)C:7-E/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ M8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/&(^/&9O;G0@8VQA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/D5X97)C:7-E/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/F%T(%EE87(@16YD/"]F;VYT M/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB M 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE &5R8VES93PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&-O;'-P M86X],T0R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E!R:6-E "!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$.24^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/&(^/&9O;G0@8VQA "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/DQI9F4@*%EE87)S*3PO9F]N M=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`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`R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI M9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C,X+C`Y/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@ M=VED=&@],T0Q,24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS M1&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C,V+C4R/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`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`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`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=CX@/&1I=B!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D%V97)A9V4\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1- M5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H M/3-$,30E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E-H87)E "!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E!R:6-E M/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I M9'1H/3-$,30E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I M9'1H/3-$,30E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`T F4],T0R/C0P M+C4Y/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB M 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &5R8VES960\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@U/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E #LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4^)FYB 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`T F4],T0R/C0Q M+C(V/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!W:61T:#TS1#$S M)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\9F]N M="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=T97AT M+6EN9&5N=#H@-'!X.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@ M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E F4],T0R/C(V.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^ M#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@] M,T0T,B4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,30E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`T F4],T0R/C@S+C,P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I M9'1H/3-$,3,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &5R8VES960\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F M="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q M*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/E1H92!N=6UB97(@;V8@;W!T:6]N '!E8W1E9"!T;R!V97-T M('1A:V5S(&EN=&\@86-C;W5N="!A;B!E '!E8W1E9"!F M;W)F96ET=7)E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2(@;W!T:6]N 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`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`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`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`R F4] M,T0R/G!R92UT87@\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED M=&@],T0R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M F4],T0R/C$T,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3X-"CPO:'1M M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D M-E]C83)B8V$U83`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R M/D=A:6X@;VX@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,V/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T* M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C(W,3PO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P,#`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`U 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!487@@4F%T93PO M=&0^#0H@("`@("`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`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L M87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/C(P,3`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/DEN8V]M92!T M87@@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H M/3-$,3`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`C,#`P,#`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`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`R F4],T0R/E-U8G1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$L,SDV/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$-"4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0S M)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B@Q+#$V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P M,#`P,"`S F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M.24^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B@Y-C0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!A 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "!L M:6%B:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T M=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#0E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#8T)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!L:6%B:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S M/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#0E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`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`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`R F4],T0R/FQI;6ET871I;VYS/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C8Q M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/C 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M "!D;W5B M;&4[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS M1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W M:61T:#TS1#@E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L,C8S/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C(U.#PO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C,\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ #LG('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT M+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT M+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$."4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT M+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S M='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`U M F4],T0R/D1I 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$."4@ M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D M;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0N-C4\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0N-S`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ #LG('=I9'1H M/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4N-3D\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=T97AT M+6EN9&5N=#H@-'!X.R F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0N,CD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#@E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C0N-C(\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T* M/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ #LG('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#$P F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C0N-C(\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/"]D:78^#0H-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$ M)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D-E 2!R969L96-T M(')O=6YD:6YG(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO9&EV M/B`\+V1I=CX\ '10 M87)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1? M.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/&1I=CX@/'1A8FQE(&)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,S8E(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/DUA 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-"4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,3`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`R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D%L;&]W86YC97,\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q,S8\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2P@4&QA;G0@06YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@3F5T("A486)L97,I/&)R/CPO M '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S 2P@4&QA;G0@06YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@3F5T/"]T M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\=&%B;&4@8F]R M9&5R/3-$,"!C96QL 6QE M/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,S`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`W/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L.3 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2P@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q+#$S,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$-"4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2P@ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-"4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-"4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^/"]T '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A M,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E(&-O;'-P86X],T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N M=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/D%M;W)T:7IA M=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T M=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C M96YT97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT M97(^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^ M/&(^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0Q/D-U 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS M1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W M:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0Q/C4R-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1# F4],T0Q/B@T M-#0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q M/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0Q/CDW,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R M:6=H=#XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/B@Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q M/C$Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0Q/B@Q-S`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0Q/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/C(L,3,V/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ '0M:6YD96YT.B`Q 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/C$L-#4V M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T '0^/&1I=CX@/'1A8FQE(&)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/D1I 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E1E8VAN;VQO9WD\+V9O M;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O M;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0R/C$L.# 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$L-CDW/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@] M,T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C,L-38X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C@\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W M:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S F4],T0R/B@Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/D9O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I M9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E M(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E(&%L M:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!A;&EG;CTS M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS M1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C4Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 2!T 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@S/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R M/B@Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T M=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX],T1L M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,R4@86QI9VX] M,T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4L($UA 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,L M,3DP/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L.#0R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E(&%L:6=N M/3-$ F4],T0R/C4L,#,R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F M-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`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`Q-2P@,C`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`Q M+C`U 3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2 M;VUA;B 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P F4Z(#$R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(')I M9VAT.R F4Z(#$P 3H@)U1I;65S M($YE=R!2;VUA;B 3H@)T-A;&EB M 6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@)T-A;&EB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT M.R F4Z(#$P 3H@)U1I;65S($YE M=R!2;VUA;B 3H@)T-A;&EB 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R M=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/C8\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`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`C,#`P M,#`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`P,#`P,"`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`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`R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(')E8V]G;FEZ960@ M:6X@;F5T('!E #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@ M(S`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/F-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@;&]S 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P M>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,T M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`Q F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T M>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`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`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D]N92!097)C96YT86=E M/"]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`E/CQB/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/DQE=F5L(#$\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO M8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$ M,3`E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$ M7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/C$P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,Y)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E F4] M,T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R M)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C$S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!W:61T:#TS M1#$P)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4] M,T0R/D=O=F5R;FUE;G0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`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`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R M)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C(U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B M;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$ M7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/&9O;G0@ M8VQA F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`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`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`R F4],T0R/D-O;6UO;B!A;F0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED M=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@ M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C$P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/D5Q=6ET>2!C;VUM:6YG;&5D M(&9U;F1S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE M9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C$T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C(P/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/D-O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C(V/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#,X)3X\9F]N="!C M;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/C(X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4] M,T0R/D%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF M;F)S F4] M,T0R/C$Y/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4^)FYB #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#,X)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M F4],T0R M/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF M;F)S F4] M,T0R/C,T/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E #LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R M/DAE9&=E(&9U;F1S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D M;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@] M,T0R)3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O '!E;G-E($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0\ M+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#4R)3X\:3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S M($YE=R!2;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0R/BA);B!M:6QL:6]N M 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQB/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3`\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`V F4],T0R/C`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/C`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`V 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I M9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`P,#`P,"`Q F4],T0R/C$\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@ F4],T0R/E!325`@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C4X/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ #L@8F]R M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P,#`P,"`Q 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L M:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`V 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O M F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$ M,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H M/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T M '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A M,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S M9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`\+V9O;G0^/&9O M;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/DUI;FEM=6T@;&5A 3X-"CPO:'1M M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D M-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H M=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S M/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T-24@ M86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B@R-CPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R M/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX] M,T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ '0M:6YD96YT.B`S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[ M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@ M/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J M879A 2`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C(L,#,R/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/B0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4] M,T0R/C(Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX-"@T*/'`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^/"]T '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A M,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`R F4],T0R/D1I F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$."4^ M/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/E-A;&5S('1O(&-U 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C(P+#0U,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`U F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(%4N4RX@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/CDV+#$X-3PO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB F4],T0R/CDS+#8T M-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`R F4],T0R/D-A;F%D82!P:&%R;6%C975T:6-A;"!D:7-T F4],T0R/C$P+#,P,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/CDL,# #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#0U)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@ F4],T0R/C(L.#8Q/"]F;VYT M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`R F4] M,T0R/DAA 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$R,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4],T0R/C$Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O #LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#0U)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P M,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`^/&9O;G0@ M8VQA F4],T0R M/B@S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W-U 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C,V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T M:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E F4],T0R/C(P/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE '!E;G-E/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`U F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!D;W5B M;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/C0Y M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED M=&@],T0R)3XF;F)S F4],T0R/B@U*2`\+V9O;G0^/"]S=7`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`C,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`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`R F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)V)O M 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L,#,X/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$ M)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N M/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`U 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(X+#$X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)VUA F4],T0Q/B@Q*2`\+V9O;G0^ M/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/E)E M=F5N=65S(&1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L M87-S/3-$7VUT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!I;F-L=61E(&%M M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!A8W%U:7)E9"!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N M="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE '0^/&1I=CX@ M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QS "!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W M:61T:#TS1#0W)3X\:3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4ET86QI8TU4+%1I;65S($YE=R!2 M;VUA;BQ4:6UE F4],T0Q/BA);B!M:6QL:6]N "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQB/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`Q 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3+4)O;&1-5"Q4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E M F4],T0R/C$Q,BPR,S`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS1# F4],T0R/CDL,S$U/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M/"]T 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E "!D;W5B;&4[)R!A;&EG M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#-P>"!D;W5B;&4[ M)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C M,#`P,#`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`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!W:61T:#TS M1# 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM M97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/E1O=&%L M/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ F4] M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C$L,#0S/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S M+'-E 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P>"!S;VQI M9#LG(&%L:6=N/3-$ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V M7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F M-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@ M8VQA '0^/&1I=CX@/&1I=CX-"@T* M/&1I=CX-"@T*/'1A8FQE(&)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E1H:7)D/"]F;VYT/CPO M8CX@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P M.R`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/D9O=7)T:#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^(#PO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &-E "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/E%U87)T97(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/B`\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S M;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/E%U87)T97(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O M "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0R/E%U87)T97(\+V9O;G0^/"]B M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/E%U87)T97(\+V9O;G0^/"]B/B`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`Y/"]F;VYT/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H M=#XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-. M97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$L.#0U/"]F;VYT/B`\+W1D M/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#,V)2!A M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/DYE="!I;F-O;64@/"]F;VYT/CQS=7`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0R/C(W+#4S-#PO9F]N=#X@/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/B0\+V9O M;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E F4],T0R/C$L-#8Q/"]F;VYT/B`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`\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`N.3 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C`N-C`\+V9O;G0^ M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N-C(\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`U F4],T0R/D1I F4],T0R/B@U*3PO9F]N=#X\+W-U "!S;VQI M9#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$ F4],T0R/C`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`\+V9O;G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA M;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E '0M:6YD96YT.B`Y F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/"]F;VYT/B`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`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D9I;F%N8VEA;"!R97-U;'1S M(&9O "`H)#QF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C "DL M("0\9F]N="!C;&%S "`H8F5N969I="!O9B`D/&9O;G0@8VQA "`H)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT M/C$V/"]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N(&%F=&5R+71A>"D@86YD("0\9F]N="!C;&%S M "`H)#QF;VYT(&-L M87-S/3-$7VUT/C$S,SPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A9G1E '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2 M;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M+%1I;65S+'-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B@S*2`\+V9O;G0^ M/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D9I M;F%N8VEA;"!R97-U;'1S(&9O F4],T0Q/B@T*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/D9I;F%N8VEA;"!R97-U M;'1S(&9O 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I M;65S+'-E "`H)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C "D@9V%I;B!F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[ M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3 M350L5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 3H@5&EM97-.97=2;VUA;E!3350L5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N+%1I;65S+'-E 7!E.B!T M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M/3-$=&5X="]J879A 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!P;&%N="!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(&UA>&EM=6T@;&EF92P@>65A M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 65A &EM=6T\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D('-O9G1W87)E M(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!C;W5N M=')Y/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!L87)G92!C=7-T;VUE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M 2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^ M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C M835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D M-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '!E;F1I='5R97,I("A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$("0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS M+"!U;FQE F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@ M("`\=&0@8VQA 6%L='D@ M9F5E '10 M87)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1? M.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`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`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!(;VQD:6YG M F5D($%S($]F($%C '10 M87)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1? M.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA B!' '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V M7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F M-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@ M8VQA 6UE;G0@07=A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S #PO=&0^ M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#19/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#19/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^4#-9/'-P86X^ M/"]S '1087)T7V8V M-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U, M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C M83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6UE;G0@07=A '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S M/3-$;G5M "!B96YE9FET(&9O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!3:&%R92UB87-E9"!087EM96YT($%W M87)D(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S 2!3:&%R92UB87-E9"!087EM M96YT($%W87)D(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6UE;G0@07=A '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M "!E>'!E;G-E(&ES(&-O;7!U=&5D('5S:6YG('1H92!T87@@ "!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS M92!I '!E;G-E('=A '!E;G-E(&9O M 65A M 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T* M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 65E(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G,I("A$971A:6QS*3QB 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@ M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '!E M8W1E9"!D:79I9&5N9"!Y:65L9#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '!E8W1E9"!L:69E("AI;B!Y96%R 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!/9B!/ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES M92!0 &5R8VES92!0 &5R M8VES92!0 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!0 &5R8VES92!0 &5R8VES86)L92!A="!996%R($5N9#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C M;&%S &5R8VES92!0 F5D('5N9&5R(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;B!0;&%N &5R8VES86)L92!A="!996%R M($5N9#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S &5R8VES92!0 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!0 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D M-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &-E '!E8W1E9"!T;R!V97-T+"!3:&%R97,\+W1D M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA &5R8VES86)L92P@4VAA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5R8VES92!0 '!E8W1E9"!T;R!V97-T+"!796EG:'1E9"U!=F5R86=E($5X97)C M:7-E(%!R:6-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 65A '!E8W1E9"!T;R!V97-T+"!796EG:'1E9"U!=F5R86=E(%)E;6%I;FEN M9R!#;VYT '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S &5R8VES86)L92P@06=G '!E M8W1E9"!T;R!V97-T('1A:V5S(&EN=&\@86-C;W5N="!A;B!E '!E8W1E9"!F;W)F96ET=7)E &5R8VES92!P 3X- M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E M,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!3:&%R92UB87-E9"!0 M87EM96YT($%W87)D(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!B96YE9FET F5D+"!P 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[ M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@ M/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J M879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!3:&%R92UB87-E9"!087EM96YT($%W87)D(%M, M:6YE($ET96US73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T* M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B M8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C M:&%R #PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F M-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E '!E;G-E M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E!R;V1U8W0@06QI9VYM96YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO M=&@^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT:"!C;&%S 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE M;6)E 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E M "!C:&%R9V5S(')E F%T:6]N('!E M 65A '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE M;&0@9F]R('-A;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 2!I;G9E 3X-"CPO:'1M M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D M-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H M=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@ M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 3X- M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E M,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A.87)R871I=F4I("A$971A M:6QS*2`H55-$("0I/&)R/CPO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D(&)E;F5F:71S(&1U92!T;R!A M=61I="!R97-O;'5T:6]N F5D M('1A>"!B96YE9FET 2!T M87@@969F96-T+"!R96QA=&5D('1O(&EN=&5R97-T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M "!;3&EN92!)=&5M 69O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/&9O M;G0@8VQA 2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 69O '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '!I 69O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^,C`Q,R!T:')O=6=H(#(P M,S(\ 69O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!A F4@ M "!C 2!;365M M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 69O 2!! '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M "!A "!A '0^,C`P-"!T:')O=6=H(#(P,# '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT M4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A);F-O;64@0F5F;W)E($EN8V]M92!487AE 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A M,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA M "!2871E($]N($EN8V]M92!& "!2871E*2`H1&5T86EL &5S(%M!8G-T "!P &5S(&YE="!O9B!F961E "!B96YE9FET/"]T M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M &5D(&%T('9A F5D('1A M>"!B96YE9FET "!C 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5]. M97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A#;VUP;VYE;G1S($]F($1E9F5R "!"86QA;F-E 69O &5D(&%S "!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA "!A "!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA M 3PO M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '1087)T7V8V-F)D M-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B M8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@ "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@ 65A 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E "!G86EN(&9R;VT@9&EV97-T:71U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@ M:'1T '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &-E 2!#;VUM M;VX@0VQA '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S #PO=&0^#0H@("`@ M("`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`H)# "`H)#$U(&UI;&QI;VX@869T97(M=&%X*2!A;F0@)#0@;6EL;&EO M;B!P "DL M('=H:6-H('=E "`H)#$V(&UI;&QI;VX@869T97(M=&%X M*2!A;F0@)#$X.2!M:6QL:6]N('!R92UT87@@*"0Q,S,@;6EL;&EO;B!A9G1E M '!E M;G-E F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4L('=H:6-H('=A M "D@9V%I;B!F '1087)T7V8V M-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U, M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C M83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B M7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0] M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@3F5T+"!4 M;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!; M3&EN92!)=&5M 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!;3&EN92!)=&5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X- M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C M83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL M.R!C:&%R F%T:6]N(&5X '!E;G-E+"`R,#$S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F%T:6]N(&5X '!E;G-E+"`R,#$V M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F%T:6]N(&5X '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F M-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!3;VQU=&EO;G,@6TUE;6)E 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT M4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6EN9R!!;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\ M=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#$X63QS F%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S."D\ 2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#19/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6EN9R!!;6]U M;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA F%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S M/3-$;G5M/B@Q.3`I/'-P86X^/"]S 6EN9R!!;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T* M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA F%T:6]N(%!E 65A F%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S,2D\ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2D@*$YA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@ M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X M="]J879A 2!$96)T($%C '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6]F9B!O9B!A;&P@55-/3B!D96)T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S M9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^36%R(#$L#0H)"3(P,3,\ '0^1F5B(#$U+`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!!;F0@4F5V;VQV:6YG($-R961I="!&86-I;&ET>2D@*$YA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!R871I;R!F M;W(@ 6EN9R!R96-E:79A8FQE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^;&5S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 3PO=&0^#0H@ M("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^4V5P M=&5M8F5R(#(P,38\ '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E;G-E(%M-96UB97)=('P@06-C;W5N=',@4F5C96EV86)L92!3 M86QE 2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT M9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D M-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H M=&UL.R!C:&%R &EM=6T@6TUE M;6)E &EM=6T@6TUE;6)E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S 2!;3&EN92!)=&5M '!O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E8W1E9"!B96YE9FET('!A>6UE M;G1S(&EN(#(P,38\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`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`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 65A F5D(&%C='5A '!E;G-E("AI;F-O;64I/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L M87-S/3-$;G5M '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A M,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M 6UE;G1S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-"D\ M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 65R(&%N9"!P87)T:6-I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F M-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B M7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X M9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]# M.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:F%V M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B M;&4@8VQA 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5]. M97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R F5D($EN M($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE*2`H1&5T86EL '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F%T:6]N(&]F($YE="!A8W1U87)I86P@;&]S F5D(&EN M(&YE="!P97)I;V1I8R!B96YE9FET(&-O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '!E;G-E($%N9"!!8W1U87)I86P@4')E 3X- M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E M,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!">2!! '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!#;VUM:6YG;&5D($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/"]T M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5D($EN8V]M92!#;VUM:6YG M;&5D($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$ M=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A F5D(&=A:6X@;VX@ '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5]. M97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '!E;G-E($)Y(%-E9VUE;G0I("A$971A:6QS M*2`H55-$("0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS+"!U;FQE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E;G-E(&)Y('-E9VUE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\ M=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '!E;G-E(&)Y('-E M9VUE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!S96=M96YT/"]T M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 2!T;R!O=7(@36-+97-S;VX@5&5C:&YO;&]G>2!3;VQU M=&EO;G,@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X- M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A F%T:6]N(&]F(&%C='5A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '!E8W1E9"!F=71U '!E8W1E9"!F=71U '!E8W1E9"!F=71U '!E8W1E9"!F=71U '!E8W1E M9"!F=71U '!E8W1E9"!F=71U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5]. M97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '!E;G-E("A);F-O;64I($9O F%T:6]N(&]F('5N '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F M-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B M7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B M7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C 7!E.B!T97AT M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^ M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$ M=&5X="]J879A 2!-87)K970@1G5N9',@6TUE;6)E '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@ M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &EM=6T@6TUE;6)E 65A '0^4#%9/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q M9C 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3X- M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E M,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@ M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X M="]J879A '!I 2!, M971T97)S($]F($-R961I="!!;F0@4W5R971Y($)O;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/"]T M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &EM=6T@97AP;W-U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &EM=6T@ M97AP;W-U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#)9/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#59/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#%9/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^4#%9/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1? M.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[ M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`Q,B!A;F0@36%R8V@@,C`S,CQS '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@ M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '!E M;G-E*2`H1&5T86EL '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R M-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO M+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2`S,2P@,C`Q,#QB 2`R,#$Q(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT M:"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S F5D(&%M;W5N="!O9B!C;VUM;VX@ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F%T:6]N M(')E;6%I;FEN9SPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0O:F%V87-C M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@ M8VQA 2`H4VAA '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &-L=61E "!W:71H:&]L9&EN9RX@/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@(#PO='(^#0H@ M("`@/"]T86)L93X-"B`@/"]B;V1Y/@T*/"]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE M>'1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT* M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E M,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D(&YE="!L;W-S(&%N9"!O M=&AE #PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT M9"!C;&%S '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C M835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D M-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C M:&%R 2!"86QA;F-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C9B M9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X- M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '1E F%T:6]N(&]F M(&%C '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!3;VQU=&EO M;G,@6TUE;6)E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F%T:6]N/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`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`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP M;65N="P@3F5T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 2!#;W5N=')Y/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$ M=&5X=#X\ 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q M=6EP;65N="P@3F5T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4\ M+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@6TQI M;F4@271E;7-=/"]S=')O;F '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S "!G86EN(&9R;VT@ M9&EV97-T:71U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P M86X^/"]S "`H)#$S,R!M M:6QL:6]N(&%F=&5R+71A>"DL('=H:6-H('=E "`H)# '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)?-&4R-%\X9&0V M7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F M-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`Q9C '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H M=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!A8W%U:7)E9"!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F(&)U M:6QD:6YG/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M #PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2P@ '1087)T7V8V-F)D-V0W7S-D8V)? M-&4R-%\X9&0V7V-A,F)C835A,#%F-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL M93HO+R]#.B]F-C9B9#=D-U\S9&-B7S1E,C1?.&1D-E]C83)B8V$U83`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`\;SI-86EN1FEL92!( M4F5F/3-$(BXN+U=O<FMB;V]K+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B M4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI& M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$ M(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#`V+FAT M;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS M1")3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,"YH M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968] M,T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N M:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\ M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F M/3-$(E-H965T,3<N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$X M+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@ M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E M9CTS1")3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;"(O/@T* M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T M,C8N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX- M"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R."YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!( M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E M=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^ M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@ M2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE M970S-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;"(O M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H M965T,S@N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB M+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3 M:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I M;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B M4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#<N:'1M M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI& M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$ M(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#4Q+FAT M;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS M1")3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968] M,T0B4VAE970U."YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN M:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\ M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F M/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#8S M+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@ M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E M9CTS1")3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;"(O/@T* M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970W,"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T M-S$N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#<R+FAT;6PB+SX- M"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!( M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S0N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E M=#<U+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W-BYH=&UL(B\^ M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S<N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@ M2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#<X+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE M970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;"(O M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE M($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H M965T.#,N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB M+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3 M:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X."YH=&UL M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#DN:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I M;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B M4VAE970Y,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3(N:'1M M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI& M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$ M(E-H965T.34N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#DV+FAT M;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS M1")3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#`N M:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@ M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`R+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970Q,#,N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E M=#$P-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`U+FAT;6PB M+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#8N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I M;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$ M(E-H965T,3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#DN M:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$Q,"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@ M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970Q,3(N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E M=#$Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$T+FAT;6PB M+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,34N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I M;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-"BTM+2TM+3U? M3F5X=%!A<G1?9C8V8F0W9#=?,V1C8E\T93(T7SAD9#9?8V$R8F-A-6$P,68W $+2T-"@`` ` end
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Debt And Financing Activities [Abstract] Schedule Of Long-Term Debt March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 7.75 % Notes due February 1, 2012 $ 0 $ 399 5.25 % Notes due March 1, 2013 500 499 6.50 % Notes due February 15, 2014 350 350 3.25 % Notes due March 1, 2016 598 598 5.70 % Notes due March 1, 2017 499 499 7.50 % Notes due February 15, 2019 349 349 4.75 % Notes dues March 1, 2021 598 598 7.65 % Debentures due March 1, 2027 175 175 6.00 % Notes due March 1, 2041 493 493 Other 18 44 Total debt 3,580 4,004 Less current portion (508 ) (417 ) Total long-term debt $ 3,072 $ 3,587 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for long-term debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Segments Of Business 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Segments Of Business [Abstract] Segments Of Business 22. Segments of Business We report our operations in two operating segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. The factors for determining the reportable segments included the manner in which management evaluates the performance of the Company combined with the nature of the individual business activities. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including operating profit before interest expense, income taxes and results from discontinued operations. The Distribution Solutions segment distributes ethical and proprietary drugs, medical-surgical supplies and equipment and health and beauty care products throughout North America. This segment also provides specialty pharmaceutical solutions for biotech and pharmaceutical manufacturers, sells financial, operational and clinical solutions for pharmacies (retail, hospital, alternate site) and provides consulting, outsourcing and other services. This segment includes a 49 % interest in Nadro, S.A. de C.V. ("Nadro"), one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Mexico. The Technology Solutions segment delivers enterprise-wide clinical, patient care, financial, supply chain, strategic management software solutions, pharmacy automation for hospitals, as well as connectivity, outsourcing and other services, including remote hosting and managed services, to healthcare organizations. This segment also includes our Payer group of businesses, which includes our InterQual® clinical criteria solution, medical management tools, claims payment solutions, network performance tools and care management programs. The segment's customers include hospitals, physicians, homecare providers, retail pharmacies and payers from North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries and Israel. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are classified in one of three categories: services, software and software systems and hardware. Services revenues primarily include fees associated with installing our software and software systems, as well as revenues associated with software maintenance and support, remote processing, disease and medical management, and other outsourcing and professional services. Software and software systems revenues primarily include revenues from licensing our software and software systems, including the segment's clinical auditing and compliance and InterQual® businesses. Corporate includes expenses associated with Corporate functions and projects and the results of certain equity-held investments. Corporate expenses are allocated to the operating segments to the extent that these items can be directly attributable to the segment. Effective April 1, 2011, we centralized certain information technology functions from our operating segments to Corporate. Corporate now manages, provides and charges these services to our operating segments. As a result of this centralization, certain assets were transferred from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. Segment depreciation and amortization, expenditures for long-lived assets and assets have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the change in the composition of our operating segments. There was no material change in segment revenue or operating profit as a result of this change. Financial information relating to our reportable operating segments and reconciliations to the consolidated totals is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Revenues Distribution Solutions (1) Direct distribution & services $ 85,523 $ 77,554 $ 72,210 Sales to customers' warehouses 20,453 18,631 21,435 Total U.S. pharmaceutical distribution & services 105,976 96,185 93,645 Canada pharmaceutical distribution & services 10,303 9,784 9,072 Medical-Surgical distribution & services 3,145 2,920 2,861 Total Distribution Solutions 119,424 108,889 105,578 Technology Solutions Services 2,594 2,483 2,439 Software & software systems 596 590 571 Hardware 120 122 114 Total Technology Solutions 3,310 3,195 3,124 Total $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Operating profit Distribution Solutions (2) $ 2,219 $ 1,897 $ 1,988 Technology Solutions (3) 364 301 385 Total 2,583 2,198 2,373 Corporate (413 ) (341 ) (342 ) Litigation credit, net 0 0 20 Interest expense (251 ) (222 ) (187 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 Depreciation and amortization (4) (5) Distribution Solutions $ 225 $ 167 $ 154 Technology Solutions 209 209 212 Corporate 117 120 111 Total $ 551 $ 496 $ 477 Expenditures for long-lived assets (5) (6) Distribution Solutions $ 175 $ 158 $ 90 Technology Solutions 22 26 31 Corporate 28 49 78 Total $ 225 $ 233 $ 199 Segment assets, at year end (5) Distribution Solutions $ 25,374 $ 22,732 $ 19,599 Technology Solutions 3,575 3,504 3,635 Total 28,949 26,236 23,234 Corporate Cash and cash equivalents 3,149 3,612 3,731 Other 995 1,038 1,224 Total $ 33,093 $ 30,886 $ 28,189 (1) Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. (2) Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $ 149 million and $ 213 million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $ 51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (3) Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $ 51 million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $ 72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales. (4) Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. (5) Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. (6) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. Revenues and property, plant and equipment by geographic areas were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Revenues United States $ 112,230 $ 102,089 $ 99,387 International 10,504 9,995 9,315 Total $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Property, plant and equipment, net, at year end United States $ 952 $ 901 $ 764 International 91 90 87 Total $ 1,043 $ 991 $ 851 International operations primarily consist of our operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, other European countries, Asia Pacific and Israel. We also have an equity-held investment (Nadro) in Mexico. Net revenues were attributed to geographic areas based on the customers' shipment locations. X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8595-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8538-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 33 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8971-108599 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 34 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8981-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 29 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8864-108599 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8380-108599 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 35 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8984-108599 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 32 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8933-108599 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8844-108599 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9031-108599 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 42 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9054-108599 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 31 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8924-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Related Party Balances And Transactions 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Related Party Balances And Transactions [Abstract] Related Party Balances And Transactions 21. Related Party Balances and Transactions Notes receivable outstanding from certain of our current and former officers totaled $ 15 million at March 31, 2012 and 2011. These notes related to purchases of common stock under our various employee stock purchase plans. The notes bear interest at rates ranging from 4.7 % to 7.1 % and were due at various dates through February 2004. Interest income on these notes is recognized only to the extent that cash is received. These notes, which are included in other capital in the consolidated balance sheets, were issued for amounts equal to the market value of the stock on the date of the purchase and are at full recourse to the borrower. At March 31, 2012, the value of the underlying stock collateral was $ 15 million. The collectability of these notes is evaluated on an ongoing basis. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, we provided a reserve of nil and approximately $ 1 million for the outstanding notes. We incurred $ 10 million in 2012 and $ 11 million in 2011 and 2010 of annual rental expense paid to an equity-held investment. X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for related party transactions, including the nature of the relationship(s), a description of the transactions, the amount of the transactions, the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms of the transaction from the previous period, stated interest rate, expiration date, terms and manner of settlement per the agreement with the related party, and amounts due to or from related parties. If the entity and one or more other entities are under common ownership or management control and this control affects the operating results or financial position, disclosure includes the nature of the control relationship even if there are no transactions between the entities. Disclosure may also include the aggregate amount of current and deferred tax expense for each statement of earnings presented where the entity is a member of a group that files a consolidated tax return, the amount of any tax related balances due to or from affiliates as of the date of each statement of financial position presented, the principal provisions of the method by which the consolidated amount of current and deferred tax expense is allocated to the members of the group and the nature and effect of any changes in that method. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 3A -Section 04 -Paragraph b Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 57 -Paragraph 1-4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph k Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations For Postretirement Welfare Plans) (Details) (Defined Postretirement Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Postretirement Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 152 $ 154 Service cost 2 1 1 Interest cost 7 8 9 Actuarial loss (gain) (4) 2 Benefit payments (13) (13) Benefit obligation at end of period $ 144 $ 152 $ 154 X - Definition The net increase or decrease of changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption, or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Gain or Loss -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6514294 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Gain or Loss -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6749293 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialNetGainsLosses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition 1) For defined benefit pension plans, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation, which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date. 2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6522206 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503904 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph E1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan, including pension benefits, death benefits, and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan, including prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b)(5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Benefits -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506309 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS106-2 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(6) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Benefits -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506267 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Postretirement Benefits -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521376 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase in a defined benefit pension plan's projected benefit obligation or a defined benefit postretirement plan's accumulated postretirement benefit obligation due to the passage of time. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to services rendered by employees during the period. The portion of the expected postretirement benefit obligation attributed to employee service during the period. The service cost component is a portion of the benefit obligation and is unaffected by the funded status of the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6525008 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2012 Stock Options [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2011 Stock Options [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2010 Stock Options [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2012 PeRSUs [Member] Y May 31, 2011 PeRSUs [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 ESPP [Member] M Mar. 31, 2011 ESPP [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 ESPP [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 RSUs [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2011 RSUs [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2010 RSUs [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2012 Maximum [Member] RSUs [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Minimum [Member] RSUs [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Number of shares authorized 42,500,000 1,000,000 16,000,000 Number of shares available for future grant 9,300,000 2,000,000 Contractual term of stock plan, years 7 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 40 $ 41 $ 37 $ 81 $ 143 $ 131 $ 61 Vested and expected to vest, Shares 7,000,000 [1] 128,000 Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 1 3 3 2 2 Period to purchase shares through payroll deductions, months 3 Percentage of price to purchase shares through payroll deductions 85.00% Percentage of deduction to purchase shares through payroll deductions 15.00% Shares issued under ESPP 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000 Vesting period of stock plans P4Y P4Y P3Y [1] The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. X - Definition Employee service share based compensation period to purchase shares through payroll deductions + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationPeriodToPurchaseSharesThroughPayrollDeductions Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Vesting Period Of Stock Plans + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_VestingPeriodOfStockPlans Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans, using a decimal to express in number of years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The discount rate from market value on offering date that participants pay for shares. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPriceOfferingDate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The discount rate from market value on purchase date that participants pay for shares. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum period of time an equity-based award is expected to be outstanding. An equity-based award's expected term is generally determined based on, among other factors, the instrument's contractual term and the effects of employees' expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTermMaximum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors), net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants, the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of shares newly issued during the reporting period under the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 65 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Pension Benefits [Abstract] Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense For Pension Plans Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 7 $ 6 $ 4 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 31 31 35 Expected return on assets (31 ) (29 ) (24 ) Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation 27 28 25 Net periodic pension expense $ 34 $ 36 $ 40 Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations And Plan Assets Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Change in benefit obligations Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 625 $ 593 Service cost 7 6 Interest cost 31 31 Actuarial loss 42 21 Benefit payments (34 ) (32 ) Foreign exchange impact and other (1 ) 6 Benefit obligation at end of period (1) $ 670 $ 625 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period $ 416 $ 391 Actual return on plan assets 12 40 Employer and participant contributions 17 11 Benefits paid (34 ) (32 ) Foreign exchange impact and other (1 ) 6 Fair value of plan assets at end of period $ 410 $ 416 Funded status at end of period $ (260 ) $ (209 ) Amounts recognized on the balance sheet Long-term assets $ 0 $ 4 Current liabilities (13 ) (4 ) Long-term liabilities (247 ) (209 ) Total $ (260 ) $ (209 ) (1) The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. Schedule Of Projected Benefit Obligation, Accumulated Benefit Obligation And Fair Value Of Plan Assets For Pension Plans March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Projected benefit obligation $ 670 $ 533 Accumulated benefit obligation 667 529 Fair value of plan assets 410 319 Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Net actuarial loss $ 274 $ 239 Prior service cost 1 2 Net transition obligation 1 1 Total $ 276 $ 242 Schedule Of Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Net actuarial loss $ 61 $ 10 $ 59 Prior service credit 0 0 (2 ) Amortization of: Net actuarial loss (25 ) (26 ) (23 ) Prior service cost (2 ) (2 ) (2 ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss (income) $ 34 $ (18 ) $ 32 Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate Net Periodic Pension Expense And Actuarial Present Value Of Benefit Obligations Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Net periodic pension expense Discount rates 4.98 % 5.30 % 7.68 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.74 3.75 3.62 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.60 7.79 7.90 Benefit obligation Discount rates 4.23 % 4.99 % 5.33 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.56 3.74 3.75 Schedule Of Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted-Average Discount Rate For U.S. Pension Plans One Percentage One Percentage (In millions) Point Increase Point Decrease Increase (decrease) on projected benefit obligation $ (38 ) $ 44 Increase (decrease) on net periodic pension cost (2 ) 3 Summary Of Pension Plan Assets Using Fair Value Hierarchy By Asset Class March 31, 2012 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents $ 14 $ 14 $ 0 $ 28 Equity securities: Common stock 100 0 0 100 Equity commingled funds 0 134 0 134 Fixed income securities: Government securities 0 11 0 11 Corporate bonds 0 48 0 48 Mortgage-backed securities 0 21 0 21 Asset-backed securities and other 0 20 0 20 Fixed income commingled funds 0 25 0 25 Other: Real estate funds 0 0 17 17 Other commingled funds 0 12 0 12 Total $ 114 $ 285 $ 17 416 Receivables (1) 6 Payables (1) (12 ) Total $ 410 (1) Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. March 31, 2011 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents $ 14 $ 31 $ 0 $ 45 Equity securities: Common and preferred stock 104 1 0 105 Equity commingled funds 0 144 0 144 Fixed income securities: Government securities 0 20 0 20 Corporate bonds 0 26 0 26 Mortgage-backed securities 0 28 0 28 Asset-backed securities and other 0 19 0 19 Fixed income commingled funds 0 34 0 34 Other: Real estate funds 0 0 5 5 Hedge funds 0 0 5 5 Total $ 118 $ 303 $ 10 431 Receivables (1) 19 Payables (1) (34 ) Total $ 416 (1) Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011 . Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Level 3 Plan Assets Held Real Estate Hedge (In millions) Funds Funds Other Total Balance at March 31, 2010 $ 19 $ 5 $ 2 $ 26 Purchases, sales and settlements (14 ) 0 0 (14 ) Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 0 0 (2 ) (2 ) Balance at March 31, 2011 $ 5 $ 5 $ 0 $ 10 Unrealized gain on plan assets still held 1 0 0 1 Purchases, sales and settlements 11 (5 ) 0 6 Balance at March 31, 2012 $ 17 $ 0 $ 0 $ 17 Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan (PSIP) Expense By Segment Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Distribution Solutions $ 22 $ 23 $ 0 Technology Solutions 30 32 1 Corporate 6 4 0 PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 Cost of sales (1) $ 17 $ 17 $ 0 Operating expenses 41 42 1 PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 (1) Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment. X - Definition Defined benefit plan change in benefit obligation and plan assets table text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationAndPlanAssetsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_PensionBenefitsAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Schedule of amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income loss table text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Schedule of defined benefit plan reconciliation of level three plan assets held table text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanReconciliationOfLevelThreePlanAssetsHeldTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Schedule of defined benefit plan sensitivity to changes in weighted average discount rate table text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanSensitivityToChangesInWeightedAverageDiscountRateTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Schedule of profit sharing investment plan expense table text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfProfitSharingInvestmentPlanExpenseTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of accumulated benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans where the accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (b) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 3 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2417-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans. This information may include, but is not limited to, the target allocation of plan assets, the fair value of each major category of plan assets, and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (d)(5) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans, and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period, as those amounts, including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation, are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (i) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost, including assumed discount rates, rate increase in compensation increase, and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (k) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, gain (loss), prior service cost or credit, transition asset or obligation, and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (h) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Quarterly Financial Information 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Quarterly Financial Information [Abstract] Quarterly Financial Information 23. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) First Second Third Fourth (In millions, except per share amounts) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Fiscal 2012 Revenues $ 29,980 $ 30,216 $ 30,839 $ 31,699 Gross profit 1,509 1,647 1,566 1,845 Net income (1)(2) 286 296 300 521 Earnings per common share (1)(2)(6) Diluted $ 1.13 $ 1.18 $ 1.20 $ 2.09 Basic 1.15 1.20 1.22 2.14 Fiscal 2011 Revenues $ 27,450 $ 27,534 $ 28,247 $ 28,853 Gross profit 1,392 1,366 1,461 1,751 Net income (1)(3)(4)(5) 298 327 155 422 Earnings per common share (1)(3)(4)(5)(6) Diluted Continuing operations $ 1.10 $ 0.97 $ 0.60 $ 1.62 Discontinued operation (5) 0 0.28 0 0 Total $ 1.10 $ 1.25 $ 0.60 $ 1.62 Earnings per common share (1)(3)(4)(5)(6) Basic Continuing operations $ 1.12 $ 0.99 $ 0.61 $ 1.65 Discontinued operation (5) 0 0.28 0 0 Total $ 1.12 $ 1.27 $ 0.61 $ 1.65 (1) Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $ 118 million pre-tax ($ 77 million after-tax), $ 27 million pre-tax ($ 15 million after-tax) and $ 4 million pre-tax (benefit of $ 32 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $ 24 million pre-tax ($ 16 million after-tax) and $ 189 million pre-tax ($ 133 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. (2) Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $ 42 million and $ 9 million. (3) Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $ 51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (4) Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $ 72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales. (5) Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $ 95 million pre-tax ($ 72 million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP. (6) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. X - Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited, comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section G -Subsection 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e725-108305 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 28 -Paragraph 23, 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e765-108305 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 28 -Paragraph 30 -Subparagraph a-j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-K (SK) -Number 229 -Section 302 -Paragraph a Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)-(j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952194&loc=d3e1280-108306 + Details Name: us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Subsequent Event 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Subsequent Event [Abstract] Subsequent Event 24. Subsequent Event In April 2012, we purchased the remaining 50 % interest in our corporate headquarters building located in San Francisco, California, for total cash of $ 90 million. The cash paid was funded from cash on hand. We previously held a 50 % ownership interest and are the primary tenant in this building. As a result, this transaction will be accounted for as a step acquisition, which requires that we re-measure our previously held 50% interest to fair value and record the difference between the fair value and carrying value as a gain in the consolidated statements of operations. The total fair value of the net assets acquired was $ 180 million, which was preliminarily allocated as follows: buildings and improvements of $ 113 million and land of $ 58 million with the remainder allocated to settlement of our pre-existing lease and lease intangible assets. The fair value of the buildings and improvements was determined based on current market replacement costs less depreciation and unamortized tenant improvement costs, as well as, other relevant market information, and has a weighted average useful life of 30 years. The fair value of the land was determined using comparable sales of land within the surrounding market. The re-measurement to fair value is anticipated to result in a pre-tax gain of approximately $ 75 million ($ 46 million after-tax). The pre-tax gain will be recorded within Corporate in the consolidated statements of operations during the quarter ending June 30, 2012. X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Significant Accounting Policies 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Significant Accounting Policies 1. Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations : McKesson Corporation ("McKesson," the "Company," the "Registrant" or "we" and other similar pronouns) delivers pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and health care information technologies that make health care safer while reducing costs. We conduct our business through two operating segments, McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions, as further described in Financial Note 22, "Segments of Business." Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The consolidated financial statements of McKesson include the financial statements of all wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned or controlled companies. We also evaluate our ownership, contractual and other interests in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities ("VIEs"), if we have a variable interest in those entities and the nature and extent of those interests. These evaluations are highly complex and involve judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions based on available historical information and management's judgment, among other factors. Based on our evaluations, if we determine we are the primary beneficiary of such VIEs we consolidate such entities into our financial statements. The consolidated VIEs are not material to our consolidated financial statements. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Fiscal Period: The Company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year shall mean the Company's fiscal year. Reclassifications : Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Use of Estimates : The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated amounts. Cash and Cash Equivalents : All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Cash is primarily held in non-interest bearing accounts and is fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation regardless of the dollar amount. Cash equivalents are primarily invested in AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in US dollars, Canadian government securities and a AAA rated prime money market fund denominated in British pound sterling. The remaining cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several financial institutions. We mitigate the risk of our short-term investment portfolio by depositing funds with reputable financial institutions and monitoring risk profiles and investment strategies of money market funds. Restricted Cash : Cash that is subject to legal restrictions or is unavailable for general operating purposes is classified as restricted cash and is included within prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, restricted cash was not material. Marketable Securities Available for Sale : We carry our marketable securities, which are available for sale, at fair value and they are included in prepaid expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheets. The net unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, computed in marking these securities to market have been reported within stockholders' equity. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, marketable securities were not material. Concentrations of Credit Risk and Receivables : Our trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers primarily in our Distribution Solutions segment. During 2012, sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 52 % of our total consolidated revenues. Sales to our two largest customers, CVS Caremark Corporation ("CVS") and Rite Aid Corporation ("Rite Aid"), accounted for approximately 16 % and 10 % of our total consolidated revenues. At March 31, 2012, accounts receivable from our ten largest customers were approximately 49 % of total accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from CVS, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart") and Rite Aid were approximately 17 %, 10 % and 9 % of total accounts receivable. As a result, our sales and credit concentration is significant. We also have agreements with group purchasing organizations ("GPOs"), each of which functions as a purchasing agent on behalf of member hospitals, pharmacies and other healthcare providers. The accounts receivables balances are with individual members of the GPOs. A default in payment, a material reduction in purchases from these, or any other large customers or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, trade receivables are subject to a concentration of credit risk with customers in the institutional, retail and healthcare provider sectors, which can be affected by a downturn in the economy and changes in reimbursement policies. This credit risk is mitigated by the size and diversity of the customer base as well as its geographic dispersion. We estimate the receivables for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and ongoing evaluations of the creditworthiness of our customers. An allowance is recorded in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. Financing Receivables: We assess and monitor credit risk associated with financing receivables, namely lease and notes receivables, through regular review of our collection experience in determining our allowance for loan losses. On an ongoing basis, we also evaluate credit quality of our financing receivables utilizing aging of receivables and write-offs, as well as consider existing economic conditions, to determine if an allowance is necessary. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, financing receivables and the related allowance were not material to our consolidated financial statements. Inventories : We report inventories at the lower of cost or market ("LCM"). Inventories for our Distribution Solutions segment consist of merchandise held for resale. For our Distribution Solutions segment, the majority of the cost of domestic inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method and the cost of Canadian inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method. Technology Solutions segment inventories consist of computer hardware with cost generally determined by the standard cost method, which approximates average cost. Rebates, fees, cash discounts, allowances, chargebacks and other incentives received from vendors are generally accounted for as a reduction in the cost of inventory and are recognized when the inventory is sold. The LIFO method was used to value approximately 88 % and 87 % of our inventories at March 31, 2012 and 2011. At March 31, 2012 and 2011, our LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments, were $ 107 million and $ 96 million. LIFO reserves include both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical products. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, we recognized net LIFO expense of $ 11 million, $ 3 million and $ 8 million within our consolidated statements of operations, which related to our non-pharmaceutical products. A LIFO expense is recognized when the net effect of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory exceeds the impact of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals, including the effect of branded pharmaceutical products that have lost market exclusivity. A LIFO credit is recognized when the net effect of price declines and shifts towards generic pharmaceuticals exceeds the impact of price increases on branded pharmaceuticals and non-pharmaceutical products held in inventory. We believe that the average cost or FIFO inventory costing method provides a reasonable estimation of the current cost of replacing inventory ( i.e. , "market"). As such, our LIFO inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO or market. Primarily due to continued net deflation in generic pharmaceutical inventories, pharmaceutical inventories at LIFO were $ 76 million and $ 156 million higher than market as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, we recorded a LCM credit of $ 80 million in 2012 and a LCM charge of $ 44 million in 2011 within our consolidated statements of operations to adjust our LIFO inventories to market. Shipping and Handling Costs: We include all costs to warehouse, pick, pack and deliver inventory to our customers in distribution expenses. Property, Plant and Equipment: We state our property, plant and equipment at cost and depreciate them under the straight-line method at rates designed to distribute the cost of properties over estimated service lives ranging from one to 30 years. Goodwill: Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as a component—one level below our Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions operating segments, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that unit. Components that have essentially similar operations, products, services and customers are aggregated as a single reporting unit. Impairment tests require that we compare the carrying value of our reporting units to the estimated fair value of the reporting units. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we decide that it is appropriate to perform a qualitative assessment and conclude that the fair value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform a quantitative assessment, the fair value of a reporting unit is based upon a number of considerations including projections of revenues, earnings and discounted cash flows and determination of market value multiples for similar businesses or guideline companies whose securities are actively traded in public markets. The discount rate used for cash flows reflects capital market conditions and the specific risks associated with the business. In addition, we compare the aggregate of the reporting units' fair value to the Company's market capitalization as a further corroboration of the fair value. The testing requires a complex series of assumptions and judgment by management in projecting future operating results, selecting guideline companies for comparisons and assessing risks. The use of alternative assumptions and estimates could affect the fair values and change the impairment determinations. There were no goodwill impairments during 2012, 2011, or 2010. Intangible Assets: Currently all of our intangible assets are subject to amortization and are generally amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from one to twenty years. We review identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. There were no material impairments of intangible assets during 2012, 2011 or 2010. Capitalized Software Held for Sale : Development costs for software held for sale, which primarily pertain to our Technology Solutions segment, are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on an estimated useful life of approximately three years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for sale was $ 144 million and $ 152 million, net of accumulated amortization and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Additional information regarding our capitalized software held for sale is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Amounts capitalized $ 47 $ 64 $ 75 Amortization expense 53 75 67 Impairment charge 0 72 0 Third-party royalty fees paid 95 72 63 Capitalized Software Held for Internal Use : We capitalize costs of software held for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortize those costs over the assets' estimated useful lives ranging from one to ten years. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, capitalized software held for internal use was $ 445 million and $ 446 million, net of accumulated amortization of $ 902 million and $ 778 million, and was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Insurance Programs: Under our insurance programs, we seek to obtain coverage for catastrophic exposures as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. It is our policy to retain a significant portion of certain losses primarily related to workers' compensation and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Provisions for losses expected under these programs are recorded based upon our estimate of the aggregate liability for claims incurred as well as for claims incurred but not yet reported. Such estimates utilize certain actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry. Revenue Recognition : Revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment are recognized when product is delivered and title passes to the customer or when services have been rendered and there are no further obligations to the customer. Revenues are recorded net of sales returns, allowances, rebates and other incentives. Our sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if they can be resold for value or returned to suppliers for full credit. Sales returns are accrued based on estimates at the time of sale to the customer. Sales returns from customers were approximately $ 1.6 billion in 2012, $ 1.4 billion in 2011 and $ 1.2 billion in 2010. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis; that is, they are excluded from revenues. The revenues for our Distribution Solutions segment include large volume sales of pharmaceuticals to a limited number of large customers who warehouse their own product. We order bulk product from the manufacturer, receive and process the product through our central distribution facility and deliver the bulk product (generally in the same form as received from the manufacturer) directly to our customers' warehouses. Sales to customers' warehouses amounted to $20.5 billion in 2012, $18.6 billion in 2011, and $21.4 billion in 2010. We also record revenues for direct store deliveries from most of these same customers. Direct store deliveries are shipments from the manufacturer to our customers of a limited category of products that require special handling. We assume the primary liability to the manufacturer for these products. Revenues are recorded gross when we are the primary party obligated in the transaction, take title to and possession of the inventory, are subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices, assume the risk of loss for collection from customers as well as delivery or return of the product, are responsible for fulfillment and other customer service requirements, or the transactions have several but not all of these indicators. Our Distribution Solutions segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain a combination of various products and services. Revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements based on estimates of fair value and recognized in accordance with the revenue recognition criteria applicable to each element. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until delivery of the last element has occurred and services have been performed or until fair value can objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements. Effective April 1, 2011, revenue from a multiple element arrangement is allocated to the separate elements, based on the best estimate of selling prices if neither objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling prices exists for all new arrangements or materially modified existing arrangements. Revenues for our Technology Solutions segment are generated primarily by licensing software and software systems (consisting of software, hardware and maintenance support), and providing outsourcing and professional services. Revenue for this segment is recognized as follows: Software systems are marketed under information systems agreements as well as service agreements. Perpetual software arrangements are recognized at the time of delivery or under the percentage-of-completion method based on the terms and conditions in the contract. Contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method are generally measured based on the ratio of labor costs incurred to date to total estimated labor costs to be incurred. Changes in estimates to complete and revisions in overall profit estimates on these contracts are charged to earnings in the period in which they are determined. We accrue for contract losses if and when the current estimate of total contract costs exceeds total contract revenue. Hardware revenues are generally recognized upon delivery. Revenue from multi-year software license agreements is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. Software implementation fees are recognized as the work is performed or under the percentage-of-completion method. Maintenance and support agreements are marketed under annual or multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the period covered by the agreements. Subscription, content and transaction processing fees are generally marketed under annual and multi-year agreements and are recognized ratably over the contracted terms beginning on the service start date for fixed fee arrangements and recognized as transactions are performed beginning on the service start date for per-transaction fee arrangements. Remote processing service fees are recognized monthly as the service is performed. Outsourcing service revenues are recognized as the service is performed. We also offer certain products on an application service provider basis, making our software functionality available on a remote hosting basis from our data centers. The data centers provide system and administrative support, as well as hosting services. Revenue on products sold on an application service provider basis is recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the contract beginning on the service start date of products hosted. This segment also engages in multiple-element arrangements, which may contain any combination of software, hardware, implementation or consulting services, or maintenance services. When some elements are delivered prior to others in an arrangement and vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value ("VSOE") exists for the undelivered elements, revenue for the delivered elements is recognized upon delivery of such items. The segment establishes VSOE for hardware and implementation and consulting services based on the price charged when sold separately, and for maintenance services, based on renewal rates offered to customers. Revenue for the software element is recognized under the residual method only when fair value has been established for all of the undelivered elements in an arrangement. If fair value cannot be established for any undelivered element, all of the arrangement's revenue is deferred until the delivery of the last element or until the fair value of the undelivered element is determinable. Effective April 1, 2011, we adopted the revised revenue recognition guidance which removed from the scope of software revenue recognition guidance tangible products containing software component and non-software component that function together to deliver the product's essential functionality. This amended accounting guidance was applied prospectively for all arrangements entered into after April 1, 2011 or materially modified after that date. Our Technology Solutions segment also includes revenues from disease management programs provided to various states' Medicaid programs. These service contracts include provisions for achieving certain cost-savings and clinical targets. If the targets are not met for certain of these contracts, a portion, or all, of the revenue must be refunded to the customer. We recognize revenue during the term of the contract by assessing actual performance against contractual targets and then determining the amount the customer would be legally obligated to pay if the contract terminated as of the measurement date. These assessments include estimates of medical claims and other data in accordance with the contract methodology. Because complete data is unavailable until six to nine months after the measurement period, there is generally a significant time delay between recording the accrual and the final settlement of the contract. If data is insufficient to assess performance or we have not met the targets, we defer recognition of the revenue. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, we had deferred $ 3 million and $ 25 million related to these types of contracts, which was included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. We generally have been successful in achieving performance targets under these agreements. Supplier Incentives: Fees for service and other incentives received from suppliers, relating to the purchase or distribution of inventory, are generally reported as a reduction to cost of goods sold. We consider these fees and other incentives to represent product discounts and as a result, the amounts are recorded as a reduction of product cost and are recognized through cost of goods sold upon the sale of the related inventory. Supplier Reserves: We establish reserves against amounts due from suppliers relating to various price and rebate incentives, including deductions or billings taken against payments otherwise due to them. These reserve estimates are established based on judgment after considering the status of current outstanding claims, historical experience with the suppliers, the specific incentive programs and any other pertinent information available. We evaluate the amounts due from suppliers on a continual basis and adjust the reserve estimates when appropriate based on changes in factual circumstances. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, supplier reserves were $ 115 million and $ 102 million. The ultimate outcome of any outstanding claim may be different than our estimate. All of the supplier reserves at March 31, 2012 and 2011 pertain to our Distribution Solutions segment. Income Taxes : We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon effective settlements. Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are considered to be permanently reinvested. Foreign Currency Translation: Our international subsidiaries generally consider their local currency to be their functional currency. Assets and liabilities of these international subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Cumulative currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses in the stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. Realized gains and losses from currency exchange transactions are recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and were not material to our consolidated results of operations in 2012, 2011 or 2010. Derivative Financial Instruments: Derivative financial instruments are used principally in the management of foreign currency and interest rate exposures and are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. If a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. If the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or losses and are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged item affects earnings. We periodically evaluate hedge effectiveness, and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. Derivative instruments not designated as hedges are marked-to-market at the end of each accounting period with the change included in earnings. Share-Based Compensation: We account for all share-based compensation transactions using a fair-value based measurement method. The share-based compensation expense, for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for those awards with graded vesting and service conditions. For awards with performance conditions and multiple vest dates, we recognize the expense on a graded vesting basis. For awards with performance conditions and a single vest date, we recognize the expense on a straight-line basis. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. Loss Contingencies : We are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimate. Business Combinations: We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Revenue Recognition: On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended accounting guidance on a prospective basis for multiple-element arrangements entered into or materially modified on or after April 1, 2011. The amended guidance incorporates the use of a vendor's best estimate of selling price, if neither vendor specific objective evidence nor third party evidence of selling price exists, to allocate arrangement consideration and eliminates the use of the residual method. Implementation of this new guidance did not have a material impact on reported net revenues as compared to net revenues under previous guidance as the incorporation of the use of a vendor's best estimate of selling price and the elimination of the residual method for the allocation of arrangement consideration did not materially change how we allocate arrangement consideration to our various products and services or the amount and timing of reported net revenues. On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended guidance for certain revenue arrangements that include software elements. The guidance amends pre-existing software revenue guidance by removing from its scope tangible products that contain both software and non-software components that function together to deliver the product's functionality. The amended guidance was adopted on a prospective basis for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified on or after April 1, 2011. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. On April 1, 2011, we adopted amended accounting guidance for vendors who apply the milestone method of revenue recognition to research and development arrangements. The amended guidance applies to arrangements with payments that are contingent, at inception, upon achieving substantively uncertain future events or circumstances. The amended guidance was adopted on a prospective basis for milestones achieved on or after April 1, 2011. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures: In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to clarification on how to measure fair values and additional disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements and the roll-forward activity of Level 3 fair value measurements, which are measured based on significant unobservable inputs. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Goodwill: In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to goodwill impairment testing. The amended guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more likely than not determination as to whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which may then allow a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test depending on the determination. This amended guidance was effective for us commencing in the first quarter of 2013. Early adoption was permitted. The amended guidance was early adopted and did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Multiemployer Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans: In 2012, we adopted amended guidance related to an employer's participation in multiemployer pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which require employers to provide additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures for these types of plans. The amended guidance was adopted on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this amended guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In June 2011, amended guidance related to the presentation of other comprehensive income was issued. The amended guidance requires that comprehensive income, the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive income be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. While the new guidance changes the presentation of comprehensive income, there are no changes to the components that are recognized in net income or other comprehensive income as determined under current accounting guidance. In December 2011, an amendment to this guidance was issued, which defers the requirement to present reclassification adjustments for each component of other comprehensive income in both net income and other comprehensive income on the face of the financial statements. The amended guidance is effective for us on a retrospective basis commencing in the first quarter of 2013. We do not expect the adoption of the amended guidance to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. In December 2011, disclosure guidance related to the offsetting of assets and liabilities was issued. The guidance requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements for recognized financial and derivative instruments to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. The amended guidance is effective for us on a retrospective basis commencing in the first quarter of 2014. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements. X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation, or accounting, and significant accounting policies. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts [Abstract] Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS For the Years Ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 (In millions) Additions Deductions Balance at Charged to Charged to From Balance at Beginning of Costs and Other Allowance End of Description Year Expenses Accounts (3) Accounts (1) Year (2 ) Year Ended March 31, 2012 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 124 $ 30 $ 0 $ (43 ) $ 111 Other allowances 16 5 0 (7 ) 14 $ 140 $ 35 $ 0 $ (50 ) $ 125 Year Ended March 31, 2011 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 131 $ 18 $ 5 $ (30 ) $ 124 Other allowances 24 0 (2 ) (6 ) 16 $ 155 $ 18 $ 3 $ (36 ) $ 140 Year Ended March 31, 2010 Allowances for doubtful accounts $ 152 $ 17 $ 7 $ (45 ) $ 131 Other allowances 12 6 10 (4 ) 24 $ 164 $ 23 $ 17 $ (49 ) $ 155 2012 2011 2010 (1 ) Deductions: Written off $ (44 ) $ (36 ) $ (49 ) Credited to other accounts (6 ) 0 0 Total $ (50 ) $ (36 ) $ (49 ) (2 ) Amounts shown as deductions from current and non - current receivables $ 125 $ 140 $ 155 (3) Primarily represents reclassifications from other balance sheet accounts. X - Details Name: mck_SupplementaryConsolidatedFinancialStatementScheduleValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances, as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively, disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e24092-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (Accounts Receivable Sales Facility And Revolving Credit Facility) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended May 31, 2011 Y Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Debt Instrument [Line Items] Delinquency ratio for qualifying receivables less than 1 % less than 1% Borrowings outstanding $ 400,000,000 $ 0 Issuance of commercial paper 0 0 0 Commercial paper amount outstanding 0 0 Accounts Receivable Sales Facility [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Credit facility 1,350,000,000 Number of years for which accounts receivable sales facility was renewed 1 Securitized receivable balance 0 0 Borrowings during the period 400,000,000 0 0 Borrowings outstanding 400,000,000 0 Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Credit facility 1,300,000,000 Credit facility expiration date September 2016 Borrowings during the period 0 0 0 Borrowings outstanding 0 0 Interest Expense [Member] | Accounts Receivable Sales Facility [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Fees and charges on facility 6,000,000 9,000,000 Operating Expense [Member] | Accounts Receivable Sales Facility [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Fees and charges on facility $ 11,000,000 X - Definition Delinquency ratio for qualifying receivables + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DelinquencyRatioForQualifyingReceivables Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of years for which accounts receivable sales facility was renewed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_NumberOfYearsForWhichAccountsReceivableSalesFacilityWasRenewed Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Unsecured short-term debt instrument issued by corporations which are highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3052-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommercialPaperAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of the fee that accompanies borrowing money under the debt instrument. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFeeAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount borrowed under the credit facility as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Reflects when the credit facility terminates, which may be presented in a variety of ways (year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: us-types:dateStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Increase for additional borrowings on the credit facility during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph f Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(f)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseAdditionalBorrowings Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying amount, as of the date of the latest financial statement presented, of finance receivables which are owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation, primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement, and for which the transferee is not permitted to sell or re-pledge them to an unrelated party. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 140 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 860 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6862952&loc=SL6224234-111729 + Details Name: us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedFinanceReceivables Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow from borrowing by issuing commercial paper. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommercialPaper Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Quarterly Financial Information (Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Sep. 30, 2011 Jun. 30, 2011 Mar. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Jun. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] Revenues $ 31,699 $ 30,839 $ 30,216 $ 29,980 $ 28,853 $ 28,247 $ 27,534 $ 27,450 $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Gross Profit 1,845 1,566 1,647 1,509 1,751 1,461 1,366 1,392 6,567 5,970 5,676 Net Income 521 [1],[2] 300 [1],[2] 296 [1],[2] 286 [1],[2] 422 [1],[3],[4],[5] 155 [1],[3],[4],[5] 327 [1],[3],[4],[5] 298 [1],[3],[4],[5] 1,403 1,202 1,263 Continuing operations $ 1.62 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.60 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.97 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.10 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.59 [6] $ 4.29 [6] $ 4.62 [6] Discontinued operation - gain on sale $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.28 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [6] $ 0.28 [6] $ 0.00 [6] Total $ 2.09 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.20 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.18 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.13 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.62 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.60 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.25 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.10 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.59 [6] $ 4.57 [6] $ 4.62 [6] Continuing operations $ 1.65 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.61 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.99 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.12 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.70 [6] $ 4.37 [6] $ 4.70 [6] Discontinued operation - gain on sale $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.28 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [6] $ 0.28 [6] $ 0.00 [6] Total $ 2.14 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.22 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.20 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.15 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.65 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.61 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.27 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.12 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.70 [6] $ 4.65 [6] $ 4.70 [6] Gain (Loss) Related to Litigation Settlement (149) (213) 20 Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale 0 72 0 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 72 0 Distribution Solutions [Member] Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] Revenues 119,424 [7] 108,889 [7] 105,578 [7] Technology Solutions [Member] Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] Revenues 3,310 3,195 3,124 Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale 72 72 Pre-tax gain from divestiture 95 95 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 72 72 Product alignment charge 9 42 51 Antitrust Class Action Lawsuit [Member] | Distribution Solutions [Member] Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] Share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit 51 51 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] Litigation charges 4 27 118 189 24 149 213 0 Litigation charges after tax (32) 15 77 133 16 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] | Distribution Solutions [Member] Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items] Litigation charges $ 149 $ 213 [1] Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $118 million pre-tax ($77 million after-tax), $27 million pre-tax ($15 million after-tax) and $4 million pre-tax (benefit of $32 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $24 million pre-tax ($16 million after-tax) and $189 million pre-tax ($133 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. [2] Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $42 million and $9 million. [3] Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. [4] Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales. [5] Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $95 million pre-tax ($72 million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP. [6] Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. [7] Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. X - Definition The after-tax amount of loss pertaining to the specified contingency that was charged against earnings in the period, including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_LossContingencyLossInPeriodAfterTax Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Product alignment expenses + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ProductAlignmentExpenses Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for write-downs of capitalized computer software costs to net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareImpairments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Pretax gain (loss), not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Gain (loss) after tax expense or benefit, not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net proceeds or assets obtained in excess of (less than) the net carrying amount of assets recorded, or assets distributed and liabilities assumed less than (in excess of) estimated litigation liability extinguished, in settlement of a litigation matter. Represents (for other than an insurance entity in its normal claims settlement process), the amount of income (expense) recognized in the period to settle pending or threatened litigation and insurance claims. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GrossProfit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) derived from continuing operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) derived from discontinued operations during the period, net of related tax effect, per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income or loss derived from discontinued operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section E -Paragraph Question 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the gross amount awarded, to be received by, or to be remitted to the entity in settlement of litigation occurring during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LitigationSettlementGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of loss pertaining to the specified contingency that was charged against earnings in the period, including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyLossInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Receivables, Net (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Receivables, Net [Abstract] Schedule Of Accounts Receivable March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Customer accounts $ 8,562 $ 7,982 Other 1,537 1,341 Total 10,099 9,323 Allowances (122 ) (136 ) Net $ 9,977 $ 9,187 X - Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value, allowance, and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current, noncurrent and unclassified receivables. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3, 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3,4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Business Combinations (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 9 Months Ended 0 Months Ended 0 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Dec. 30, 2010 US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Y Dec. 31, 2011 US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Service Agreements [Member] Y Dec. 31, 2011 US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Customer Lists [Member] Y Mar. 25, 2012 The Katz Group [Member] Y D Mar. 31, 2012 The Katz Group [Member] Mar. 25, 2012 The Katz Group [Member] Service Agreements [Member] Y Mar. 25, 2012 The Katz Group [Member] Trademarks And Trade Names [Member] Y Mar. 25, 2012 The Katz Group [Member] Medicine Shop [Member] item Mar. 25, 2012 The Katz Group [Member] Drug Trading Company [Member] item Dec. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Service Agreements [Member] Dec. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Customer Lists [Member] Mar. 25, 2012 Level 3 [Member] The Katz Group [Member] Mar. 25, 2012 Level 3 [Member] The Katz Group [Member] Service Agreements [Member] Mar. 25, 2012 Level 3 [Member] The Katz Group [Member] Trademarks And Trade Names [Member] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Number of independent pharmacies 160 850 Working capital adjustments 60 Purchase price of acquisition $ 2,100 $ 919 Cash consideration 200 Assumption of debt 0 1,891 0 1,900 Useful life-in years 16 18 10 20 20 20 Purchase price allocation of identifiable intangibles 993 721 185 441 317 114 Purchase price allocation assigned to goodwill 506 Goodwill, expected tax deductable amount $ 287 X - Definition Number of independent pharmacies. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_NumberOfIndependentPharmacies Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of days within the closing for which the total purchase price is subject to change due to working capital adjustments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_WorkingCapitalAdjustments Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The calculated weighted-average amortization period of a major class of finite-lived intangible assets acquired during the current period either individually or as part of a group of assets (in either an asset acquisition or business combination). A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 44 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetWeightedAverageUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash paid to acquire the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph f(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total cost of the acquired entity including the cash paid to shareholders of acquired entities, fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities, the fair value of the liabilities assumed, and direct costs of the acquisition. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to an identifiable intangible asset that will be amortized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAmortizableIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of goodwill arising from a business combination, which is the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 53 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of goodwill arising from a business combination that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e6927-128479 -Subparagraph (d) Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 52 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 53 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph k -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of debt that an Entity assumes in acquiring a business or in consideration for an asset received in a noncash (or part noncash) acquisition. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. "Part noncash" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4332-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 32 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4313-108586 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Income Taxes [Abstract] Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period $ 635 $ 619 $ 526 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 11 32 50 Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years (72) (60) (12) Additions based on tax positions related to current year 37 50 72 Reductions based on settlements (1) (6) (16) Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations (15) 0 (1) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period $ 595 $ 635 $ 619 X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns, excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from settlements with taxing authorities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in the tax return for the current period, excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns, excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a(4) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Consolidated Statements Of Operations (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Consolidated Statements Of Operations [Abstract] Revenues $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Cost of Sales 116,167 106,114 103,026 Gross Profit 6,567 5,970 5,676 Operating Expenses Selling 764 767 746 Distribution 997 920 882 Research and development 440 407 376 Administrative 2,068 1,842 1,684 Litigation charges (credit), net 149 213 (20) Total Operating Expenses 4,418 4,149 3,668 Operating Income 2,149 1,821 2,008 Other Income, Net 21 36 43 Interest Expense (251) (222) (187) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 1,919 1,635 1,864 Income Tax Expense (516) (505) (601) Income from Continuing Operations 1,403 1,130 1,263 Discontinued Operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 72 0 Net Income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Diluted Continuing operations $ 5.59 [1] $ 4.29 [1] $ 4.62 [1] Discontinued operation - gain on sale $ 0.00 [1] $ 0.28 [1] $ 0.00 [1] Total $ 5.59 [1] $ 4.57 [1] $ 4.62 [1] Basic Continuing operations $ 5.70 [1] $ 4.37 [1] $ 4.70 [1] Discontinued operation - gain on sale $ 0.00 [1] $ 0.28 [1] $ 0.00 [1] Total $ 5.70 [1] $ 4.65 [1] $ 4.70 [1] Weighted Average Common Shares Diluted 251 263 273 Basic 246 258 269 [1] Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. X - Definition Distribution operating expenses + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DistributionOperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Gain (loss) after tax expense or benefit, not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net proceeds or assets obtained in excess of (less than) the net carrying amount of assets recorded, or assets distributed and liabilities assumed less than (in excess of) estimated litigation liability extinguished, in settlement of a litigation matter. Represents (for other than an insurance entity in its normal claims settlement process), the amount of income (expense) recognized in the period to settle pending or threatened litigation and insurance claims. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GrossProfit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the parent which may also be defined as revenue less expenses and taxes from ongoing operations before extraordinary items but after deduction of those portions of income or loss from continuing operations that are allocable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 29 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6921628&loc=SL4613673-111683 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph b(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations, after income or loss from equity method investments, but before income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 10 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) derived from continuing operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) derived from discontinued operations during the period, net of related tax effect, per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income or loss derived from discontinued operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section E -Paragraph Question 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of the current income tax expense or benefit and the deferred income tax expense or benefit pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Interest and debt related expenses associated with nonoperating financing activities of the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph g -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 2 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenses recognized in the period that are directly related to the selling and distribution of products or services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SellingExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1505-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1448-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Postretirement Benefits (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Postretirement Benefits [Abstract] Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense (Income) For Postretirement Welfare Benefits Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 2 $ 1 $ 1 Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation 7 8 9 Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and prior service costs (1 ) (4 ) (25 ) Net periodic postretirement expense (income) $ 8 $ 5 $ (15 ) Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations For Postretirement Welfare Plans Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 152 $ 154 Service cost 2 1 Interest cost 7 8 Actuarial loss (gain) (4 ) 2 Benefit payments (13 ) (13 ) Benefit obligation at end of period $ 144 $ 152 X - Definition Defined benefit plan postretirement net periodic benefit cost table text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanPostretirementNetPeriodicBenefitCostTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_PostretirementBenefitsAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period, showing separately, if applicable, the effects of the following: service cost, interest cost, contributions by plan participants, actuarial gains and losses, foreign currency exchange rate changes, benefits paid, plan amendments, business combinations, divestitures, curtailments, settlements, and special and contractual termination benefits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (a) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Level 3 Plan Assets Held) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Real Estate Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Real Estate Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Hedge Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Level 3 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Level 3 [Member] Real Estate Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] Real Estate Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Level 3 [Member] Hedge Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] Hedge Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Level 3 [Member] Other Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Level 3 [Member] Other Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period $ 410 $ 416 $ 391 $ 17 $ 5 $ 5 $ 10 $ 26 $ 5 $ 19 $ 5 $ 5 $ 0 $ 2 Unrealized gain on plan assets still held 1 1 0 0 Purchases, sales and settlements 6 (14) 11 (14) (5) 0 0 0 Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 (2) 0 0 (2) Fair value of plan assets at end of period $ 410 $ 416 $ 391 $ 17 $ 5 $ 5 $ 17 $ 10 $ 17 $ 5 $ 0 $ 5 $ 0 $ 0 X - Definition Actual return on plan assets, separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d)(iv)(02)(A) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (c)(iv)(02)(A) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2446-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Assets, usually stocks, bonds, and other investments, that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits, at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions, less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits, those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6867990&loc=d3e12355-114930 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Purchases, sales, and settlements of plan assets that occurred during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d)(iv)(02)(B) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (c)(iv)(02)(B) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2446-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Transfers in and out of Level 3. For example, transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (c)(iv)(02)(C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2446-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d)(iv)(02)(C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(iii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Segments Of Business (Geographic Segments Assets) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Sep. 30, 2011 Jun. 30, 2011 Mar. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Jun. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue by Country $ 31,699 $ 30,839 $ 30,216 $ 29,980 $ 28,853 $ 28,247 $ 27,534 $ 27,450 $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 1,043 991 1,043 991 851 United States [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue by Country 112,230 102,089 99,387 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 952 901 952 901 764 International [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Segment Reporting Revenue by Country 10,504 9,995 9,315 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net $ 91 $ 90 $ 91 $ 90 $ 87 X - Definition Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b, c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, tax benefit $ 9 $ 32 Cash dividends declared per common share $ 0.8 $ 0.72 $ 0.48 X - Definition Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tax effects of the increase (decrease) to accumulated comprehensive income during the period related to benefit plans. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e640-108580 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted-Average Discount Rate For U.S. Pension Plans) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] One percentage point increase on projected benefit obligation $ (38) One percentage point decrease on projected benefit obligation 44 One percentage point increase on net periodic pension cost (2) One percentage point decrease on net periodic pension cost $ 3 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The effect of a one-percentage-point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for health care benefits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph m -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (m) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The effect of a one-percentage- point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement health care benefit costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph m -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (m) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The effect of a one-percentage-point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for health care benefits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph m -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (m) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The effect of a one-percentage-point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement health care benefit costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph m -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (m) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Summary Of Options Outstanding) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Y Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items] Number of Options Outstanding At Year End 8 Number of Options Exercisable at Year End 4 $ 27.35 - $ 41.02 [Member] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items] Range of Exercise Prices, Lower Limit $ 27.35 Range of Exercise Prices, Upper Limit $ 41.02 Number of Options Outstanding At Year End 3 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life 3 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 38.09 Number of Options Exercisable at Year End 1 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 36.52 $ 41.03 - $ 54.70 [Member] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items] Range of Exercise Prices, Lower Limit $ 41.03 Range of Exercise Prices, Upper Limit $ 54.70 Number of Options Outstanding At Year End 1 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life 1 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 45.99 Number of Options Exercisable at Year End 1 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 46.36 $ 54.71 - $ 68.37 [Member] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items] Range of Exercise Prices, Lower Limit $ 54.71 Range of Exercise Prices, Upper Limit $ 68.37 Number of Options Outstanding At Year End 3 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life 4 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 63.01 Number of Options Exercisable at Year End 2 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 61.20 $ 68.38 - $ 84.41 [Member] Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items] Range of Exercise Prices, Lower Limit $ 68.38 Range of Exercise Prices, Upper Limit $ 84.41 Number of Options Outstanding At Year End 1 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life 6 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 83.04 Number of Options Exercisable at Year End 0 Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 74.57 X - Definition Weighted average exercise price as of the balance sheet date for those equity-based payment arrangements exercisable and outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The floor of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of shares reserved for issuance pertaining to the outstanding exercisable stock options as of the balance sheet date in the customized range of exercise prices for which the market and performance vesting condition has been satisfied. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of shares reserved for issuance pertaining to the outstanding stock options as of the balance sheet date for all option plans in the customized range of exercise prices. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a, b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees could acquire the underlying shares with respect to all outstanding stock options which are in the customized range of exercise prices. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted-average period remaining as of the balance sheet date until option expiration pertaining to the outstanding stock options for all option plans in the customized range of exercise prices, which may be expressed in a variety of ways (for example, years, months). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The ceiling of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense (Income) For Postretirement Welfare Benefits) (Details) (Defined Postretirement Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Postretirement Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Service cost-benefits earned during the year $ 2 $ 1 $ 1 Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation 7 8 9 Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and prior service costs (1) (4) (25) Net periodic expense (income) $ 8 $ 5 $ (15) X - Definition Defined Benefit Plan amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfUnrecognizedActuarialLossPriorServiceCostsAndNetTransitionalObligation Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase in a defined benefit pension plan's projected benefit obligation or a defined benefit postretirement plan's accumulated postretirement benefit obligation due to the passage of time. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, gain (loss), prior service cost or credit, transition asset or obligation, and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to services rendered by employees during the period. The portion of the expected postretirement benefit obligation attributed to employee service during the period. The service cost component is a portion of the benefit obligation and is unaffected by the funded status of the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6525008 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Business Combinations (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 US Oncology Holdings, Inc. [Member] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Amounts Amounts Previously Recognized as of Recognized as of Measurement Acquisition Date Acquisition Date Period (Final as (In millions) (Provisional) (1) Adjustments Adjusted) Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 662 $ (13 ) $ 649 Goodwill 808 20 828 Intangible assets 1,007 (14 ) 993 Other long-term assets 354 (6 ) 348 Current liabilities (489 ) (1 ) (490 ) Current portion of long-term debt (1,735 ) 0 (1,735 ) Other long-term liabilities (338 ) 16 (322 ) Other stockholders' equity (25 ) (2 ) (27 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 244 $ 0 $ 244 (1) As previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2011. The Katz Group [Member] Business Acquisition [Line Items] Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Amounts Recognized as of Acquisition Date (In millions) (Provisional) Current assets, net of cash acquired $ 33 Goodwill 506 Intangible assets 441 Other long-term assets 15 Current liabilities (37 ) Long-term deferred tax liabilities (39 ) Net assets acquired, less cash and cash equivalents $ 919 X - Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of all of the fair values of the purchase price and assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 805 -SubTopic 30 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911361&loc=d3e6927-128479 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfPurchasePriceAllocationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Income, Net (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Other Income, Net [Abstract] Business combination cost reimbursement $ 0 $ 16 $ 0 Percentage of equity interest sold 50.00% Pre-tax gain on sale of equity investments 17 After-tax gain on sale of equity investment $ 14 X - Definition Business combination cost reimbursement expense from former shareholders + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessCombinationCostReimbursement Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Gain loss on sale of equity method investments after tax + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GainLossOnSaleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsAfterTax Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of equity interest sold + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PercentageOfEquityInterestSold Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This item represents the amount of gain (loss) arising from the disposal of an equity method investment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentRealizedGainLossOnDisposal Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Postretirement Benefits 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Postretirement Benefits [Abstract] Postretirement Benefits 15. Postretirement Benefits We maintain a number of postretirement benefits, primarily consisting of healthcare and life insurance ("welfare") benefits, for certain eligible U.S. employees. Eligible employees consist of those who retired before March 31, 1999 and those who retired after March 31, 1999, but were an active employee as of that date, after meeting other age-related criteria. We also provide postretirement benefits for certain U.S. executives. Defined benefit plan obligations are measured as of the Company's fiscal year-end. The net periodic expense (income) for our postretirement welfare benefits is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 2 $ 1 $ 1 Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation 7 8 9 Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss (gain) and prior service costs (1 ) (4 ) (25 ) Net periodic postretirement expense (income) $ 8 $ 5 $ (15 ) Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations for our postretirement welfare plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 152 $ 154 Service cost 2 1 Interest cost 7 8 Actuarial loss (gain) (4 ) 2 Benefit payments (13 ) (13 ) Benefit obligation at end of period $ 144 $ 152 The components of the amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income for the Company's other postretirement benefits at March 31, 2012 and 2011 were net actuarial losses of $ 2 million and $ 5 million and net prior service credits of $ 2 million and $ 2 million. Other changes in benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income were net actuarial gain of $ 3 million in 2012 and losses of $ 6 million and $ 51 million in 2011 and 2010. We estimate that the amortization of the actuarial loss from stockholders' equity to other postretirement expense in 2013 will be $ 1 million. Comparable 2012 amounts were $ 1 million. Other postretirement benefits are funded as claims are paid. Expected benefit payments for our postretirement welfare benefit plans, net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $ 1 million annually, are as follows: $11 million annually for 2013 to 2017 and $50 million cumulatively for 2018 through 2022. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our postretirement welfare benefit plans are $ 13 million for 2013. Weighted-average discount rates used to estimate postretirement welfare benefit expenses were 5.09 %, 5.33 % and 7.86 % for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Weighted-average discount rates for the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were 4.44 %, 5.09 % and 5.33 % for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Actuarial gain or loss for the postretirement welfare benefit plan is amortized to income or expense over a three-year period. The assumed healthcare cost trends used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation were 8.0 % and 8.5 % for prescription drugs, 7.5 % and 7.5 % for medical and 5.5 % and 5.8 % for dental in 2012 and 2011. For 2012, 2011 and 2010, a one-percentage-point increase or decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would not have a material impact on the postretirement benefit obligations. X - Details Name: mck_PostretirementBenefitsAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Postretirement benefits text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PostretirementBenefitsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Share-Based Compensation [Abstract] Components Of Share-Based Compensation Expense And Related Tax Benefits Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 RSUs (1) $ 97 $ 79 $ 47 PeRSUs (2) 24 27 39 Stock options 23 22 19 Employee stock purchase plan 10 9 9 Share-based compensation expense 154 137 114 Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense (3) (55 ) (48 ) (41 ) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax $ 99 $ 89 $ 73 (1) This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years' performance period. (2) Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year's performance period. (3) Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible. Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate The Fair Value Of Employee Stock Options Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Expected stock price volatility 27 % 29 % 33 % Expected dividend yield 1.0 % 1.1 % 0.7 % Risk-free interest rate 2 % 3 % 2 % Expected life (in years) 5 5 5 Summary Of Options Outstanding Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Number of Number of Weighted- Options Average Weighted- Options Weighted- Outstanding Remaining Average Exercisable Average Range of Exercise At Year End Contractual Exercise at Year End Exercise Prices (In millions) Life (Years) Price (In millions) Price $ 27.35 - $ 41.02 3 3 $ 38.09 1 $ 36.52 $ 41.03 - $ 54.70 1 1 45.99 1 46.36 $ 54.71 - $ 68.37 3 4 63.01 2 61.20 $ 68.38 - $ 84.41 1 6 83.04 0 74.57 8 4 Stock Option Activity Weighted- Average Weighted- Remaining Aggregate Average Exercise Contractual Intrinsic (In millions, except per share data and years) Shares Price Term (Years) Value (2 ) Outstanding, March 31, 2009 19 $ 39.28 3 $ 33 Granted 2 40.59 Exercised (5 ) 33.34 Outstanding, March 31, 2010 16 $ 41.26 3 $ 394 Granted 1 67.95 Exercised (8 ) 37.63 Outstanding, March 31, 2011 9 $ 49.01 4 $ 269 Granted 1 83.30 Exercised (2 ) 42.20 Outstanding, March 31, 2012 8 $ 56.88 4 $ 226 Vested and expected to vest (1) 7 $ 56.71 4 $ 225 Vested and exercisable, March 31, 2012 4 49.86 3 142 (1) The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. (2) The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of "in-the-money" options. Data Related To Stock Option Activity Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data and years) 2012 2011 2010 Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $ 20.32 $ 18.37 $ 12.56 Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise $ 108 $ 276 $ 115 Cash received upon exercise $ 113 $ 319 $ 165 Tax benefits realized related to exercise $ 40 $ 106 $ 37 Total fair value of stock options vested $ 23 $ 21 $ 16 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 40 $ 41 $ 37 Weighted-average period in years over which stock option compensation cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 1 RSU Activity Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair (In millions, except per share data) Shares Value Per Share Nonvested, March 31, 2009 3 $ 54.70 Granted 2 40.94 Vested (1 ) 50.42 Nonvested, March 31, 2010 4 $ 49.21 Granted 3 67.84 Vested (1 ) 61.05 Nonvested, March 31, 2011 6 $ 57.79 Granted 2 82.71 Vested (1 ) 57.95 Nonvested, March 31, 2012 7 $ 65.14 Data Related To RSU Activity Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 Total fair value of shares vested $ 44 $ 43 $ 74 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 143 $ 131 $ 61 Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized 3 2 2 X - Definition Schedule of share based compensation arrangements by share based payment award data related to stock option activity [table text block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardDataRelatedToStockOptionActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the amount of total share-based compensation cost, including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (h)(1) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (c)(1) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices, by grouped ranges, including the upper and lower limits of the price range, the number of shares under option, weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, vested and expected to vest, exercisable or convertible at the end of the year, and the number of share options or share units that were granted, exercised or converted, forfeited, and expired during the year. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (c)(1) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph (f)(2) -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Postretirement Benefits (Narrative) (Details) (Defined Postretirement Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Net actuarial losses for post retirement plan $ 2,000,000 $ 5,000,000 Net prior service credits for postretirement plans 2,000,000 2,000,000 Net actuarial gain (losses) for changes in benefit obligations 3,000,000 (6,000,000) (51,000,000) Expected amortization of actuarial loss from stockholders' equity in 2013 1,000,000 Amortization of actuarial loss from stockholders equity 1,000,000 Other postretirement plan, expected Medicare subsidy receipts 1,000,000 Expected contributions for postretirement benefit plans in 2013 13,000,000 Weighted-average discount rates used to estimate postretirement welfare benefit expenses 5.09% 5.33% 7.86% Weighted-average discount rates for actuarial present value of benefit obligations 4.44% 5.09% 5.33% Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2013 11,000,000 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2014 11,000,000 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2015 11,000,000 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2016 11,000,000 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2017 11,000,000 Other postretirement plan expected future benefit payments, 2018-2022 $ 50,000,000 Prescription Drugs [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Assumed healthcare cost trend rate 8.00% 8.50% Medical [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Assumed healthcare cost trend rate 7.50% 7.50% Dental [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Assumed healthcare cost trend rate 5.50% 5.80% X - Definition The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost, and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption, or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount related to the pretax cost of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation, which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Prior Service Cost -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521920 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Prior Service Cost -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521884 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of gains or losses recognized in net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income related to gains and losses that are not recognized immediately and are expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year that follows the most recent annual statement of financial position presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph s -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (s) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetGainsLosses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income, including amounts arising during the period and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income as a result of being recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainLossBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money for the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The employer's best estimate, as soon as it can be reasonably determined, of contributions expected to be paid to the plan during the next fiscal year beginning after the date of the latest statement of financial position. Estimated contributions may be presented in the aggregate combining (1) contributions required by funding regulations or laws, (2) discretionary contributions, and (3) noncash contributions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph g -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the aggregate benefits expected to be paid in the five fiscal years thereafter (the aggregate amount of benefits expected to be paid in years 6 through 10 after the date of the latest statement of financial position). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInFiveFiscalYearsThereafter Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 5. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 4. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearFour Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 1. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearOne Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 3. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearThree Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of the benefits expected to be paid in Year 2. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsInYearTwo Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The assumed health care cost trend rate for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plan (gross eligible charges). This is based upon the annual rate of change in the cost of health care benefits currently provided by the postretirement benefit plan, due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph l -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Health Care Cost Trend Rate -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6514820 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (l) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts expected to be received in Year 1 after the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS106-2 -Paragraph 22 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsYearOne Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Lease Obligations 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Lease Obligations [Abstract] Lease Obligations 17. Lease Obligations We lease facilities and equipment almost solely under operating leases. At March 31, 2012, future minimum lease payments required under operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year for years ending March 31 are: Noncancelable Operating (In millions) Leases 2013 $ 188 2014 157 2015 123 2016 92 2017 75 Thereafter 233 Total minimum lease payments (1) $ 868 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $ 74 million due under future noncancelable subleases. Rental expense under operating leases was $ 240 million, $ 157 million and $ 154 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, taking into account, when applicable, lessor incentives for tenant improvements, periods where no rent payment is required and escalations in rent payments over the term of the lease. Deferred rent is recognized for the difference between the rent expense recognized on a straight-line basis and the payments made per the terms of the lease. Remaining terms for facilities leases generally range from one to seven years, while remaining terms for equipment leases range from one to three years. Most real property leases contain renewal options (generally for five-year increments) and provisions requiring us to pay property taxes and operating expenses in excess of base period amounts. Sublease rental income was not material for 2012, 2011 and 2010. X - Definition The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including, but not limited to, all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined, (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses, (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41499-112717 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 1,3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6452660&loc=d3e36991-112694 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6851643&loc=d3e12069-110248 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Income Before Income Taxes From Continuing Operations) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Income Taxes [Abstract] U.S. $ 1,316 $ 1,161 $ 1,340 Foreign 603 474 524 Total income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 X - Definition The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i) Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i) Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i) Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Stockholder's Equity (Shares Repurchased Over Last Three Years) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Number of shares repurchased 20 [1] 29 [1] 8 [1] Average price paid per share $ 83.47 $ 69.62 $ 41.47 Total value of shares repurchased $ 1,850 $ 2,032 $ 299 [1] Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total cost of shares repurchased divided by the total number of shares repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.1.0.1 * */ var moreDialog = null; var Show = { Default:'raw', more:function( obj ){ var bClosed = false; if( moreDialog != null ) { try { bClosed = moreDialog.closed; } catch(e) { //Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control // that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been //closed. So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there. bClosed = true; } if( !bClosed ){ moreDialog.close(); } } obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0]; var hasHtmlTag = false; var objHtml = ''; var raw = ''; //Check for raw HTML var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' ); if( nodes.length ){ objHtml = obj.innerHTML; }else{ if( obj.innerText ){ raw = obj.innerText; }else{ raw = obj.textContent; } var matches = raw.match( / ]*>/g ); if( matches && matches.length ){ objHtml = raw; //If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd, // but we can check a little further. var n = Math.min( 5, matches.length ); for( var i = 0; i = 0 ){ hasHtmlTag = true; break; } } } } if( objHtml.length ){ var html = ''; if( hasHtmlTag ){ html = objHtml; }else{ html = ' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' Report Preview Details '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' body {'+ "\n"+' }'+ "\n"+' table {'+ "\n"+' }'+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ objHtml + "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '; } moreDialog = window.open("","More","width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes"); moreDialog.document.write( html ); moreDialog.document.close(); if( !hasHtmlTag ){ moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em'; } } else { //default view logic var lines = raw.split( "\n" ); var longest = 0; if( lines.length > 0 ){ for( var p = 0; p = raw.split( "\r\n\r\n" ) ? raw.split( "\n\n" ) : raw.split( "\r\n\r\n" ) ; var formatted = ''; if( text.length > 0 ){ if( text.length == 1 ){ text = raw.split( "\n" ) >= raw.split( "\r\n" ) ? raw.split( "\n" ) : raw.split( "\r\n" ) ; formatted = " "+ text.join( " \n" ) +" "; }else{ for( var p = 0; p " + text[p] + " \n"; } } }else{ formatted = ' ' + raw + ' '; } html = ' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' Report Preview Details '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' body {'+ "\n"+' background-color: #f0f9ee;'+ "\n"+' font-family: Arial, san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+ "\n"+' }'+ "\n"+' table {'+ "\n"+' font-size: 1em;'+ "\n"+' }'+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' formatted: '+ ( this.Default == 'raw' ? 'as Filed' : 'with Text Wrapped' ) +' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+formatted+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+raw+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '+ "\n"+' '; moreDialog = window.open("","More","width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes"); moreDialog.document.write(html); moreDialog.document.close(); this.toggle( moreDialog ); } moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details'; }, toggle:function( win, domLink ){ var domId = this.Default; var doc = win.document; var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId ); domEl.style.display = 'block'; this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw'; if( domLink ){ domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed'; } var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default ); domElOpposite.style.display = 'none'; }, LastAR : null, showAR : function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; } }, toggleNext : function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } } }, hideAR : function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none'; } }
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Operating Activities Net income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 (72) 0 Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 140 139 148 Amortization 411 357 326 Provision for bad debts 30 18 17 Other deferred taxes 242 184 161 Share-based compensation expense 154 137 114 Impairment of capitalized software held for sale 0 72 0 Other non-cash items 66 12 (20) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Receivables (770) (673) (133) Inventories (878) 367 (782) Drafts and accounts payable 2,027 533 1,340 Deferred revenue 66 42 27 Taxes 15 33 88 Litigation charges (credit) 149 213 (20) Litigation settlement payments (26) (26) (350) Deferred tax (benefit) expense on litigation (78) (56) 116 Other (1) (144) 21 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,950 2,338 2,316 Investing Activities Property acquisitions (225) (233) (199) Capitalized software expenditures (178) (155) (179) Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (1,156) (292) (18) Proceeds from sale of businesses 0 109 1 Restricted cash for litigation charges (32) 0 55 Other 89 (53) 31 Net cash used in investing activities (1,502) (624) (309) Financing Activities Proceeds from short-term borrowings 400 1,000 5 Repayments of short-term borrowings 0 (1,000) (6) Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 0 1,689 0 Repayments of long-term debt (430) (1,730) (218) Common stock transactions: Issuances 167 367 212 Share repurchases, including shares surrendered for tax withholding (1,874) (2,050) (323) Dividends paid (195) (171) (131) Other 27 54 40 Net cash used in financing activities (1,905) (1,841) (421) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) 8 36 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (463) (119) 1,622 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 3,612 3,731 2,109 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 3,149 3,612 3,731 Cash paid for: Interest 228 244 188 Income taxes, net of refunds 337 347 234 Non-cash item: Fair value of debt assumed on acquisition $ 0 $ (1,891) $ 0 X - Definition The component of income tax expense for the period representing the increase (decrease) in the entity's deferred tax assets and liabilities pertaining to litigation charges. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitOnLitigationCharges Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Other deferred taxes + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_OtherDeferredTaxes Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow associated with the development, modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use or to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others and that qualify for capitalization. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PaymentsForComputerSoftware Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of recurring noncash expense charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of assets over their estimated remaining economic lives. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for write-downs of capitalized computer software costs to net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareImpairments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents. Includes cash and cash equivalents associated with the entity's continuing operations. Excludes cash and cash equivalents associated with the disposal group (and discontinued operation). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3044-108585 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in cash and cash equivalents. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_Depreciation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Gain (loss) after tax expense or benefit, not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The effect of exchange rate changes on cash balances held in foreign currencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net proceeds or assets obtained in excess of (less than) the net carrying amount of assets recorded, or assets distributed and liabilities assumed less than (in excess of) estimated litigation liability extinguished, in settlement of a litigation matter. Represents (for other than an insurance entity in its normal claims settlement process), the amount of income (expense) recognized in the period to settle pending or threatened litigation and insurance claims. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 29 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -Subparagraph f -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount due for taxes based on the reporting entity's earnings or attributable to the entity's income earning process (business presence) within a given jurisdiction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period, excluding the portion taken into income, in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities less other operating liabilities used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets and liabilities, other noncurrent assets and liabilities, or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the total amount due within one year (or one operating cycle) from all parties, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash inflow or outflow for the increase (decrease) associated with funds that are not available for withdrawal or use (such as funds held in escrow) and are associated with underlying transactions that are classified as investing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3213-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 16, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3179-108585 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period net of cash paid for interest that is capitalized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 29 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaidNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash inflow or outflow from financing activity for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash inflow or outflow from investing activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash from (used in) all of the entity's operating activities, including those of discontinued operations, of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of debt that an Entity assumes in acquiring a business or in consideration for an asset received in a noncash (or part noncash) acquisition. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. "Part noncash" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4332-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 32 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4313-108586 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Other income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflows or outflows in the period. Includes noncash adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for the settlement of litigation or for other legal issues during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash outflow or inflow from other investing activities. This element is used when there is not a more specific and appropriate element in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3095-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3098-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow from the distribution of an entity's earnings in the form of dividends to common shareholders. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3213-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the cash inflow during the period from the sale of a component of the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 16 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash inflow or outflow from other financing activities. This element is used when there is not a more specific and appropriate element in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3095-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18, 19, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3098-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the current period expense charged against operations, the offset which is generally to the allowance for doubtful accounts for the purpose of reducing receivables, including notes receivable, to an amount that approximates their net realizable value (the amount expected to be collected). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Consolidated Balance Sheets (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,149 $ 3,612 Receivables, net 9,977 9,187 Inventories, net 10,073 9,225 Prepaid expenses and other 404 333 Total Current Assets 23,603 22,357 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 1,043 991 Goodwill 5,032 4,364 Intangible Assets, Net 1,750 1,456 Other Assets 1,665 1,718 Total Assets 33,093 30,886 Current Liabilities Drafts and accounts payable 16,114 14,090 Short-term borrowings 400 0 Deferred revenue 1,423 1,321 Deferred tax liabilities 1,092 1,037 Current portion of long-term debt 508 417 Other accrued liabilities 2,149 1,861 Total Current Liabilities 21,686 18,726 Long-Term Debt 3,072 3,587 Other Noncurrent Liabilities 1,504 1,353 Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 19) Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 100 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 0 0 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 800 shares authorized at March 31, 2012 and 2011, 373 and 369 shares issued at March 31, 2012 and 2011 4 4 Additional Paid-in Capital 5,571 5,339 Retained Earnings 9,451 8,250 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 5 87 Other 4 10 Treasury Shares, at Cost, 138 and 117 at March 31, 2012 and 2011 (8,204) (6,470) Total Stockholders' Equity 6,831 7,220 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 33,093 $ 30,886 X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 15D -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e681-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 -Section S99 -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Publisher FASB -Paragraph 1 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON) -Number 6 -Paragraph 25 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6801-107765 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Section 45 -SubTopic 10 -Topic 210 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents. Includes cash and cash equivalents associated with the entity's continuing operations. Excludes cash and cash equivalents associated with the disposal group (and discontinued operation). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3044-108585 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 8, 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP, and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including sales, license fees, and royalties, but excluding interest income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the current portion of deferred tax liabilities, which result from applying the applicable tax rate to net taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax. A current taxable temporary difference is a difference between the tax basis and the carrying amount of a current asset or liability in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In a classified statement of financial position, an enterprise separates deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, is classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31917-109318 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31931-109318 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907571&loc=d3e31958-109318 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date, which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges, in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -Clause 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph l -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph e -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 34 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388280&loc=d3e13770-109266 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 72 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_Goodwill Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 42, 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph ((a)(1),(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274 + Details Name: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount (lower of cost or market) as of the balance sheet date of inventories less all valuation and other allowances. Excludes noncurrent inventory balances (expected to remain on hand past one year or one operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity items (or Partners' Capital, as applicable), including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount borrowed under the credit facility as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of the portions of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt, which may include notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans, and commercial paper, which are scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt, which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle, if longer, but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year (current maturities) or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Additional paid-in capital or capital from other sources not otherwise defined. Use this element if the registrant wishes to distinguish between Additional paid-in capital from Other Additional Capital. The following adjustments are some examples of Other Additional Capital: recording the issuance of debt issued with a beneficial conversion feature, the issuance of convertible debt at a substantial premium, certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees, and accounting for certain expenses and liabilities paid for by the principal shareholder. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 62, 63 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section T Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 14 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 98-5 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event, and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets, as of the balance sheet date, not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Section A -Paragraph 4 -Chapter 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Section 45 -SubTopic 10 -Topic 210 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6676-107765 -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 1 + Details Name: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b, c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle, if longer) from outside sources, including trade accounts receivable, notes and loans receivable, as well as any other types of receivables, net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3,4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6228006&loc=d3e74512-122707 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Technical Bulletin (FTB) -Number 85-6 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Property, Plant And Equipment, Net 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Property, Plant And Equipment, Net [Abstract] Property, Plant And Equipment, Net 10. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Land $ 68 $ 70 Building, machinery, equipment and other 2,107 1,973 Total property, plant and equipment 2,175 2,043 Accumulated depreciation (1,132 ) (1,052 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 1,043 $ 991 X - Definition The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology, a schedule of property, plant and equipment gross, additions, deletions, transfers and other changes, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, net, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense and useful lives, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13-14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Lease Obligations (Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Lease Obligations [Abstract] 2013 $ 188 2014 157 2015 123 2016 92 2017 75 Thereafter 233 Total minimum lease payments 868 [1] Minimum sublease rentals, due under future noncancelable subleases $ 74 [1] Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $74 million due under future noncancelable subleases. X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Contractually required future rental payments receivable on noncancelable subleasing arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueFutureMinimumSubleaseRentals Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future minimum rental payments in aggregate as of the balance sheet date under operating leases. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within one year of the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the fifth year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the fourth year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the third year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the second year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future minimum lease payments receivable under operating leases for periods greater than five years following the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 13 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph b(ii) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate Net Periodic Pension Expense And Actuarial Present Value Of Benefit Obligations) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member]) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Net periodic pension expense, Discount rates 4.98% 5.30% 7.68% Net periodic pension expense, Rate of increase in compensation 3.74% 3.75% 3.62% Net periodic pension expense, Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.60% 7.79% 7.90% Benefit obligation, Discount rates 4.23% 4.99% 5.33% Benefit obligation, Rate of increase in compensation 3.56% 3.74% 3.75% X - Definition The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money for the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Expected rate of compensation increases (for pay-related plans). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition An assumption as to the rate of return on plan assets reflecting the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6512013 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Expected rate of compensation increases (for pay-related plans). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph j -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (k)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Net actuarial loss $ 274 $ 239 Prior service cost 1 2 Net transition obligation 1 1 Total $ 276 $ 242 X - Definition The pretax total of net gain (loss), prior service cost (credit), and transition assets (obligations), as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining, included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost, and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption, or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount related to the pretax cost of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation, which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Prior Service Cost -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521920 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Prior Service Cost -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521884 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Of the original amount of transition assets as of the date FAS 87 or 106 was initially applied, (a) the fair value of plan assets plus any recognized accrued pension or other postretirement benefit cost or less any recognized prepaid pension or other postretirement benefit cost in excess of (b) the benefit obligation, the portion of which has yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Of the original amount of transition obligations as of the date FAS 87 or 106 was initially applied, (a) the benefit obligation in excess of (b) the fair value of plan assets plus any recognized accrued pension or other postretirement benefit cost or less any recognized prepaid pension or other postretirement benefit cost, the portion of which has yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. This amount is pretax. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph ii -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (i)-(j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Transition Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6749452 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Transition Obligation -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6749492 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetTransitionAssetsObligationsBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Document And Entity Information (USD $) In Billions, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Apr. 16, 2012 Sep. 30, 2011 Document And Entity Information [Abstract] Document Type 10-K Amendment Flag false Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2012 Document Fiscal Year Focus 2012 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Entity Registrant Name MCKESSON CORP Entity Central Index Key 0000927653 Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-31 Entity Filer Category Large Accelerated Filer Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 235,397,188 Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Yes Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Public Float $ 17.8 X - Definition If the value is true, then the document as an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, N-1A, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, minus any "/A" suffix. The acceptable values are as follows: S-1, S-3, S-4, S-11, F-1, F-3, F-4, F-9, F-10, 6-K, 8-K, 10, 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F, 40-F, N-1A, 485BPOS, 497, NCSR, N-CSR, N-CSRS, N-Q, 10-KT, 10-QT, 20-FT, POS AM and Other. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares outstanding of each of registrant's classes of common stock, as of latest practicable date. Where multiple classes exist define each class by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, or (4) Smaller Reporting Company. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net [Abstract] Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows: Distribution Technology (In millions) Solutions Solutions Total Balance, March 31, 2010 $ 1,871 $ 1,697 $ 3,568 Goodwill acquired 819 8 827 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments (32 ) (13 ) (45 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments 4 10 14 Balance, March 31, 2011 $ 2,662 $ 1,702 $ 4,364 Goodwill acquired 511 151 662 Acquisition accounting and other adjustments 20 0 20 Foreign currency translation adjustments (3 ) (11 ) (14 ) Balance, March 31, 2012 $ 3,190 $ 1,842 $ 5,032 Information regarding intangible assets is as follows: March 31, 2012 March 31, 2011 Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Gross Net Gross Net Period Carrying Accumulated Carrying Carrying Accumulated Carrying (Dollars in millions) (Years) Amount Amortization Amount Amount Amortization Amount Customer lists 7 $ 1,081 $ (554 ) $ 527 $ 1,057 $ (444 ) $ 613 Service agreements 18 1,022 (52 ) 970 723 (11 ) 712 Trademarks and trade names 18 192 (38 ) 154 76 (31 ) 45 Technology 4 244 (190 ) 54 204 (170 ) 34 Other 8 76 (31 ) 45 76 (24 ) 52 Total $ 2,615 $ (865 ) $ 1,750 $ 2,136 $ (680 ) $ 1,456 Amortization expense of intangible assets was $ 191 million, $ 132 million and $ 121 million for 2012, 2011 and 2010. Estimated annual amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows: $ 200 million, $ 186 million, $ 166 million, $ 142 million and $ 122 million for 2013 through 2017, and $ 934 million thereafter. All intangible assets were subject to amortization as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. X - Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets, which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets), the carrying amount, the amount of any significant residual value, and the weighted-average amortization period, (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets), the carrying amount, and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period, including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated, if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class, the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization, the total amortization expense for the period, and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years, (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class, and (c) for goodwill, in total and for each reportable segment, the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired, the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized, and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment, discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill), discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment, (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value, (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated, and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized, discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment, (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit, and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final. May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16373-109275 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13854-109267 + Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility) (Narrative) (Details) (Bridge Loan [Member], USD $) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2011 Feb. 28, 2011 Jan. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Nov. 30, 2010 Bridge Loan [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Credit facility $ 1,000,000,000 $ 2,000,000,000 Bridge loan 1,000,000,000 Bridge loan interest rate 1.76% Bridge loan fees included in interest expense $ 25,000,000 X - Definition Business combination bridge loan fees + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessCombinationBridgeLoanFees Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Short-Term financing which is expected to be paid back relatively quickly, such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_BridgeLoan Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Reflects the calculation as of the balance sheet date of the average interest rate weighted by the amount of short-term debt outstanding by type or by instrument at that time. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Projected Benefit Obligation, Accumulated Benefit Obligation And Fair Value Of Plan Assets For Pension Plans) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Projected benefit obligation $ 670 $ 533 Accumulated benefit obligation 667 529 Fair value of plan assets $ 410 $ 319 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition If aggregate disclosures are presented, the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 17 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6930749&loc=d3e4179-114921 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2417-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition If aggregate disclosures are presented, the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 17 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6930749&loc=d3e4179-114921 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2417-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition If aggregate disclosures are presented, the aggregate projected benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph C3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 17 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6930749&loc=d3e4179-114921 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e2417-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) (USD $) Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, par value $ 0.01 $ 0.01 Preferred stock, shares authorized 100,000,000 100,000,000 Preferred stock, shares issued 0 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 0 Common stock, par value $ 0.01 $ 0.01 Common stock, shares authorized 800,000,000 800,000,000 Common stock, shares issued 373,000,000 369,000,000 Treasury stock, shares 138,000,000 117,000,000 X - Definition Face amount or stated value of common stock per share; generally not indicative of the fair market value per share. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer); generally not indicative of the fair market value per share. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Income, Net 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Other Income, Net [Abstract] Other Income, Net 5. Other Income, Net Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Interest income $ 19 $ 18 $ 16 Equity in earnings (loss), net (1) 9 (6 ) 6 Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense 0 16 0 Gain on sale of investment (1) 0 0 17 Impairment of an investment (6 ) 0 0 Other, net (1 ) 8 4 Total $ 21 $ 36 $ 43 (1) Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. In 2011, other income, net included a credit of $ 16 million representing the reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense by the former shareholders of US Oncology, which is recorded in Corporate. In 2010, we sold our 50 % equity interest in McKesson Logistics Solutions LLC, a Canadian logistics company, for a pre-tax gain of $ 17 million or $ 14 million after-tax. We evaluate our investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. X - Definition The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed, include amounts earned from dividends, interest on securities, profits (losses) on securities, net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 3, 6, 7, 9 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3,6,7,9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Abstract] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges 4. Product Alignment and Asset Impairment Charges During the third quarter of 2012, we approved a plan to align our hospital clinical and revenue cycle healthcare software products within our Technology Solutions segment. As part of this alignment strategy, we will be converging our core clinical and revenue cycle Horizon and Paragon product lines onto Paragon's Microsoft®–based platform over time. Additionally, we have stopped development of our Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management™ ("HzERM") software product. The plan resulted in a pre-tax charge of $ 51 million in 2012, of which $ 31 million was recorded to cost of sales and $ 20 million was recorded to operating expenses within our Technology Solutions segment. The majority of these charges were incurred in the third quarter of 2012. The pre-tax charge includes $ 24 million of non-cash asset impairment charges, primarily for the write-off of prepaid licenses and commissions and capitalized internal use software that were determined to be obsolete as they would not be utilized going forward, $ 10 million for severance, $ 7 million for customer allowances and $ 10 million for other charges. Our capitalized software held for sale is amortized over three years. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, we evaluate the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. At the end of the second quarter of 2010, our HzERM software product became generally available. In October 2010, we decreased our estimated revenues over the next 24 months for our HzERM software product and as a result, concluded that the estimated future revenues, net of estimated related costs, were insufficient to recover its carrying value. Accordingly, we recorded a $ 72 million non-cash impairment charge in the second quarter of 2011 within our Technology Solutions segment's cost of sales to reduce the carrying value of the software product to its net realizable value. X - Details Name: mck_ProductAlignmentAndAssetImpairmentChargesAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Product alignment and asset impairment charges [text block] + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ProductAlignmentAndAssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities [Abstract] Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities 16. Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities At March 31, 2012 and 2011, the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable securities, receivables, drafts and accounts payable, short-term borrowings and other current liabilities approximated their estimated fair values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition are included in cash and cash equivalents. Included in cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2012 and 2011, were money market fund investments of $ 0.8 billion and $ 1.7 billion, which are reported at fair value. The fair value of these investments was determined by using quoted prices for identical investments in active markets, which are considered to be Level 1 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosures guidance. The carrying value of all other cash equivalents approximates fair value due to their relatively short-term nature. The carrying amount and estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was $ 3.6 billion and $ 4.1 billion at March 31, 2012 and $ 4.0 billion and $ 4.3 billion at March 31, 2011. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt and other financing was determined using quoted market prices and other inputs that were derived from available market information. These are considered to be Level 2 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosure guidance, and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. At times we limit these risks through the use of derivatives such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts. In accordance with our policy, derivatives are only used for hedging purposes. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Foreign currency rate risk The majority of our operations are conducted in US dollars however, certain assets and liabilities, revenues and expense and purchasing activities are incurred in and exposed to other currencies. We have established certain foreign currency rate risk programs that manage the impact of foreign currency fluctuation. These programs are utilized on a transactional basis when we consider there to be a risk in fair value or volatility in cash flows. These programs reduce but do not entirely eliminate foreign currency rate risk. Currently, our foreign currency rate risk programs include: In March 2012, we entered into a number of forward contracts to hedge Canadian dollar de no minated cash flows. These contracts mature over a period of eight years and have a gross notional value of $ 528 million. These contracts have been designated for hedge accounting and accordingly, changes in the contracts' fair value will be recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. At March 31, 2012, the fair value of these contracts was not material and no amounts were reclassified to earnings in 2012. In 2012, we entered into a number of forward contracts to hedge British pound denominated cash flows. These contracts mature in 2013 and have a gross notional value of $ 151 million. These contracts have not been designated for hedge accounting and accordingly, changes in these contracts' fair value are recorded directly in earnings. At March 31, 2012, the fair value of these contracts was not material and net gains or losses for the year ended March 31, 2012 were also not material. The fair values of all derivatives are considered to be Level 2 inputs under the fair value measurements and disclosure guidance and may not be representative of actual values that could have been realized or that will be realized in the future. X - Details Name: mck_FinancialInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for financial instruments. This disclosure includes, but is not limited to, fair value measurements of short and long term marketable securities, international currencies forward contracts, and auction rate securities. Financial instruments may include hedging and non-hedging currency exchange instruments, derivatives, securitizations and securities available for sale at fair value. Also included are investment results, realized and unrealized gains and losses as well as impairments and risk management disclosures. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Debt And Financing Activities [Abstract] Debt And Financing Activities 12. Debt and Financing Activities March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 7.75 % Notes due February 1, 2012 $ 0 $ 399 5.25 % Notes due March 1, 2013 500 499 6.50 % Notes due February 15, 2014 350 350 3.25 % Notes due March 1, 2016 598 598 5.70 % Notes due March 1, 2017 499 499 7.50 % Notes due February 15, 2019 349 349 4.75 % Notes dues March 1, 2021 598 598 7.65 % Debentures due March 1, 2027 175 175 6.00 % Notes due March 1, 2041 493 493 Other 18 44 Total debt 3,580 4,004 Less current portion (508 ) (417 ) Total long-term debt $ 3,072 $ 3,587 Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility In connection with our execution of an agreement to acquire US Oncology, in November 2010 we entered into a $ 2.0 billion unsecured Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement ("Bridge Loan"). In December 2010, we reduced the Bridge Loan commitment to $ 1.0 billion. On January 31, 2011, we borrowed $ 1.0 billion under the Bridge Loan. On February 28, 2011, we repaid the funds obtained under the Bridge Loan with long-term debt, as further described below, and the Senior Bridge Term Loan Agreement was terminated. During the time it was outstanding, the Bridge Loan bore interest of 1.76 %, which was based on the London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin based on the Company's credit rating. Bridge Loan fees in 2011 of $ 25 million were included in interest expense. US Oncology Debt Acquired Upon our purchase of US Oncology in December 2010, we assumed the outstanding debt of US Oncology Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary US Oncology, Inc. Immediately prior to our acquisition, US Oncology Holdings, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding Senior Unsecured Floating Rate Toggle Notes due 2012 and US Oncology, Inc. called for redemption all of its outstanding 9.125 % Senior Secured Notes due 2017 and 10.75 % Senior Subordinated Notes due 2014 . In the fourth quarter of 2011, we paid interest of $ 50 million and redeemed these notes, including the remaining accrued interest for $ 1,738 million using cash on hand and borrowings under our Bridge Loan. Long-Term Debt On February 28, 2011, we issued 3.25% notes due March 1, 2016 in an aggregate principal amount of $ 600 million, 4.75 % notes due March 1, 2021 in an aggregate principal amount of $ 600 million and 6.00% notes due March 1, 2041 in an aggregate principal amount of $ 500 million. Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning on September 1, 2011. We utilized net proceeds, after discounts and offering expenses, of $ 1,673 million from the issuance of these notes (each note constitutes a "Series") for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings under the Bridge Loan. Each Series constitutes an unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Company and ranks equally with all of the Company's existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness outstanding from time-to-time. Each Series is governed by materially similar indentures and an officers' certificate specifying certain terms of each Series. Upon 30 days notice to holders of a Series, we may redeem that Series at any time prior to maturity, in whole or in part, for cash at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest and a make-whole premium, as specified in the indenture and officers' certificate relating to that Series. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of a Series below an investment grade rating by each of Fitch Ratings, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor's Ratings Services within a specified period, an offer will be made to purchase that Series from the holders at a price in cash equal to 101 % of the then outstanding principal amount of that Series, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. The indenture and the related officers' certificate for each Series, subject to the exceptions and in compliance with the conditions as applicable, specify that we may not incur liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. The indentures also contain customary events and default provisions. In February 2012, we repaid our $ 400 million 7.75 % Notes which had matured. In March 2010, we repaid our $ 215 million 9.13 % Series C Senior Notes which had matured. Scheduled future payments of long-term debt are $ 508 million in 2013, $ 351 million in 2014, $ 2 million in 2015, $ 600 million in 2016, $ 500 million in 2017 and $ 1,619 million thereafter. Accounts Receivable Sales Facility In May 2011, we renewed our existing accounts receivable sales facility (the "Facility") for a one year period under terms substantially similar to those previously in place. The committed capacity of the Facility is $ 1.35 billion, although, from time-to-time, the available amount of the Facility may be less than $1.35 billion based on accounts receivable concentration limits and other eligibility requirements. The accounts receivable sales facility will expire in May 2012. We anticipate renewing the Facility before its expiration. Through the Facility, McKesson Corporation, the parent company, transfers certain U.S. pharmaceutical trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to a special purpose entity ("SPE"), which is a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of McKesson Corporation that is consolidated in our financial statements. This SPE then sells undivided interests in the pool of accounts receivable to third-party purchaser groups (the "Purchaser Groups"), which include financial institutions and commercial paper conduits. Since April 1, 2010, transactions under the Facility have been accounted for as secured borrowings rather than asset sales primarily because the Company's retained interest in the pool of accounts receivable is subordinated to the Purchaser Groups to the extent there is any outstanding balance in the Facility. Consequently, the related accounts receivable continue to be recognized on our consolidated balance sheets and proceeds from the Purchaser Groups are shown as secured borrowings. The Facility contains requirements relating to the performance of the accounts receivable and covenants relating to the SPE and the Company. If we do not comply with these covenants, our ability to use the Facility may be suspended and repayment of any outstanding balances under the Facility may be required. At March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with all covenants. We continue servicing accounts receivable subject to the Facility. However, no servicing asset or liability is recorded at the time the Facility is utilized as there is no service fee or other income received and the costs of servicing the receivables subject to the Facility are not material. Servicing costs are recognized as incurred over the servicing period. During 2012, we borrowed $ 400 million under the Facility. There were no borrowings in 2011 under the Facility. At March 31, 2012, there were $ 400 million in secured borrowings and $ 400 million of related securitized accounts receivable outstanding, which are included in short-term borrowings and receivables in the consolidated balance sheets, under the Facility. At March 31, 2011, there were no secured borrowings or related securitized accounts receivables outstanding under the Facility. Fees and charges on the facility were $ 6 million, $ 9 million and $ 11 million in 2012, 2011 and 2010 and were recorded as interest expense in 2012 and 2011 and in operating expenses in 2010. Should we default under the Facility, the Purchaser Groups are entitled to receive only collections on the accounts receivable owned by the SPE and in the amount necessary to recover the interest, fees and principal amounts due the Purchaser Groups under the terms of the Facility. The delinquency ratio for the qualifying receivables represented less than 1 % of the total qualifying receivables as of March 31, 2012 and 2011. Revolving Credit Facility In September 2011, we renewed our existing syndicated $ 1.3 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in June 2012. This renewed credit facility has terms and conditions substantially similar to those previously in place and matures in September 2016 . Borrowings under this renewed credit facility bear interest based upon either the London Interbank Offered Rate or a prime rate. There were no borrowings under this credit facility during 2012, 2011 and 2010. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, there were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. Commercial Paper There were no commercial paper issuances during 2012, 2011 and 2010 and no amount outstanding at March 31, 2012 and 2011. Debt Covenants Our various borrowing facilities and long-term debt are subject to certain covenants. Our principal debt covenant is our debt to capital ratio under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which cannot exceed 56.5 %. For the purpose of calculating this ratio, borrowings under the accounts receivable sales facility are excluded. If we exceed this ratio, repayment of debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility could be accelerated. As of March 31, 2012, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20,22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (Debt Covenants) (Narrative) (Details) (Maximum [Member]) Mar. 31, 2012 Maximum [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Debt to capital ratio 56.5 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total Aggregate Indebtedness divided by Net Capital. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Rule 15c3 -Number 240 -Article 15c3 -Section 1 -Subsection a -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph i + Details Name: us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Earnings Per Common Share 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Earnings Per Common Share [Abstract] Earnings Per Common Share 8. Earnings Per Common Share Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per common share are computed similar to basic earnings per common share except that it reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities or other obligations to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. The computations for basic and diluted earnings per common share are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012 2011 2010 Income from continuing operations $ 1,403 $ 1,130 $ 1,263 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 72 0 Net income $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 246 258 269 Effect of dilutive securities: Options to purchase common stock 2 3 3 Restricted stock units 3 2 1 Diluted 251 263 273 Earnings per common share: (1) Basic Continuing operations $ 5.70 $ 4.37 $ 4.70 Discontinued operation, net 0 0.28 0 Total $ 5.70 $ 4.65 $ 4.70 Diluted Continuing operations $ 5.59 $ 4.29 $ 4.62 Discontinued operation, net 0 0.28 0 Total $ 5.59 $ 4.57 $ 4.62 (1) Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. Potentially dilutive securities primarily include outstanding stock options, RSUs and PeRSUs. Approximately 4 million, 6 million and 8 million of potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computations of diluted net earnings per common share in 2012, 2011 and 2010, as they were anti-dilutive. X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for earnings per share. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Stock Option Activity) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Y Mar. 31, 2011 Y Mar. 31, 2010 Y Share-Based Compensation [Abstract] Shares Outstanding, Beginning balance 9 16 19 Granted, Shares 1 1 2 Exercised, Shares (2) (8) (5) Shares Outstanding, Ending balance 8 9 16 Vested and expected to vest, Shares 7 [1] Vested and exercisable, Shares 4 Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, Beginning of period $ 49.01 $ 41.26 $ 39.28 Granted, Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 83.30 $ 67.95 $ 40.59 Exercised, Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 42.20 $ 37.63 $ 33.34 Outstanding, Weighted-Average Exercise Price, End of period $ 56.88 $ 49.01 $ 41.26 Vested and expected to vest, Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 56.71 [1] Vested and exercisable, Weighted-Average Exercise Price $ 49.86 Outstanding, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, Beginning of period, years 4 3 3 Outstanding, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, End of period, years 4 4 3 Vested and expected to vest, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, years 4 [1] Vested and exercisable, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term, years 3 Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Beginning of period $ 269 [2] $ 394 [2] $ 33 [2] Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value, End of period 226 [2] 269 [2] 394 [2] Vested and expected to vest, Aggregate Intrinsic Value 225 [1],[2] Vested and exercisable, Aggregate Intrinsic Value $ 142 [2] [1] The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. [2] The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of "in-the-money" options. X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(c), d(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares under the plan during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(e) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The weighted average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on stock options awarded under the plan during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The total dollar difference between fair values of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise prices pertaining to options outstanding under the plan as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date, including vested options. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average price as of the beginning of the year at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph b(1)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average period between the balance sheet date and expiration for all awards outstanding under the plan, which may be expressed in a decimal value for number of years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -SubTopic 10 -Topic 718 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the total dollar difference between fair values of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise prices of fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted-average period between the balance sheet date and expiration date for fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable (or convertible) under the plan, which may be expressed in a decimal value for number of years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the total dollar difference between fair values of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise prices of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted-average period between the balance sheet date and expiration date for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding, which may be expressed in a decimal value for number of years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph d(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Related Party Balances And Transactions (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Notes receivable, related parties $ 15 $ 15 Value of underlying stock collateral 15 Outstanding notes reserve 0 1 Equity-held investment rental expense $ 10 $ 11 $ 11 Maximum [Member] | Notes Receivable [Member] Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Interest on notes receivable 7.10% Minimum [Member] | Notes Receivable [Member] Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Interest on notes receivable 4.70% X - Definition The valuation allowance relating to a written agreement to receive money from related parties for the portion that is expected to be uncollectible. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_OutstandingNotesReserve Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, amounts due from parties associated with the reporting entity as evidenced by a written promise to pay. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 57 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Related Parties -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6523133 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 16, 17 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedParties Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Expenses recognized during the period resulting from transactions (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 57 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Identify the stated interest rate per the agreement, for example, leasing and debt arrangements between related parties. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The fair value of trading securities that serve as collateral for borrowings. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 01-6 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5086-111524 + Details Name: us-gaap_TradingSecuritiesPledgedAsCollateral Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Income Taxes [Abstract] Income Taxes 6. Income Taxes Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Income from continuing operations before income taxes U.S. $ 1,316 $ 1,161 $ 1,340 Foreign 603 474 524 Total income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 The provision for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Current Federal $ 271 $ 283 $ 255 State and local 52 40 25 Foreign 28 54 44 Total current 351 377 324 Deferred Federal 129 121 269 State and local 29 1 13 Foreign 7 6 (5 ) Total deferred 165 128 277 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 In 2012, 2011 and 2010, income tax expense included $ 66 million, $ 34 million and $ 7 million of net income tax benefits for discrete items, which primarily relate to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest. Included in the 2012 discrete tax benefit, is a $ 31 million credit to income tax expense as a result of the reversal of an income tax reserve relating to our AWP litigation. We have received tax assessments of $ 98 million from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") relating to 2003 through 2006 . We disagree with a substantial portion of the tax assessments primarily relating to transfer pricing. We are pursuing administrative relief through the appeals process and an opening conference has been scheduled for May 15, 2012. We have also received assessments from the Canada Revenue Agency ("CRA") for a total of $ 169 million related to transfer pricing for 2003 through 2007 . Payments of most of the assessments to the CRA have been made to stop the accrual of interest. We have appealed the assessment for 2003 to the Tax Court of Canada and have filed a notice of objection for 2004 through 2007 . The trial between McKesson Canada Corporation and the CRA, argued in the Tax Court of Canada, concluded in early February 2012, and we are waiting for the decision. We continue to believe in the merits of our tax positions and that we have adequately provided for any potential adverse results relating to these examinations in our financial statements. However, the final resolution of these issues could result in an increase or decrease to income tax expense. In November 2011, the IRS began its examination of 2007 through 2009 . We anticipate the audit fieldwork will last more than two years. In nearly all jurisdictions, the tax years prior to 2003 are no longer subject to examination. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax provision and evaluating income tax uncertainties. Although our major taxing jurisdictions are the U.S. and Canada, we are subject to income taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and uncertain tax liabilities reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties. The reconciliation between our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations and statutory tax rate is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Income tax provision at federal statutory rate $ 672 $ 572 $ 652 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 57 33 25 Foreign income taxed at various rates (176 ) (105 ) (144 ) Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements (18 ) 14 53 Tax credits (13 ) (16 ) (8 ) Other, net (6 ) 7 23 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 At March 31, 2012, undistributed earnings of our foreign operations totaling $ 3.3 billion were considered to be permanently reinvested. No deferred tax liability has been recognized on the basis difference created by such earnings since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the foreign operations as well as to fund certain research and development activities for an indefinite period of time. The determination of the amount of deferred taxes on these earnings is not practicable because the computation would depend on a number of factors that cannot be known until a decision to repatriate the earnings is made. Deferred tax balances consisted of the following: March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Assets Receivable allowances $ 44 $ 48 Deferred revenue 114 107 Compensation and benefit related accruals 447 409 AWP litigation accrual 175 97 Loss and credit carryforwards 400 494 Other 256 241 Subtotal 1,436 1,396 Less: valuation allowance (101 ) (99 ) Total assets 1,335 1,297 Liabilities Inventory valuation and other assets (1,635 ) (1,450 ) Fixed assets and systems development costs (263 ) (221 ) Intangibles (544 ) (532 ) Other (53 ) (58 ) Total liabilities (2,495 ) (2,261 ) Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160 ) $ (964 ) Current net deferred tax liability $ (1,092 ) $ (1,036 ) Long-term deferred tax asset 20 72 Long-term deferred tax liability (88 ) 0 Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160 ) $ (964 ) We have federal, state and foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $ 173 million, $ 2,456 million and $ 249 million. The federal and state net operating losses will expire at various dates from 2013 through 2032 . Substantially all of our foreign net operating losses have indefinite lives. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards may not be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided valuation allowances of $ 10 million and $ 66 million on the deferred tax assets relating to these state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. We also have federal and state capital loss carryforwards of $ 9 million and $ 28 million, which will expire at various dates from 2013 through 2017 . We have provided valuation allowances of $ 1 million on the deferred tax assets relating to the state capital loss carryforwards. Recognition of a deferred tax asset for excess tax benefits due to stock option exercises that have not yet been realized through a reduction in income taxes payable is prohibited. Such unrecognized deferred tax benefits totaled $ 11 million as of March 31, 2012 and will be accounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity, if and when realized through a reduction in income taxes payable. We also have federal and state income tax credit carryforwards of $ 131 million, which are primarily federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards that have an indefinite life. However, we believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state tax credits of $ 9 million may not be fully realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of $ 2 million. In addition, we have Canadian research and development credit carryforwards of $ 13 million, and we believe it is more likely than not that these credits will be realized. The Canadian research and development credits will expire at various dates from 2029 to 2032 . The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the last three years: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period $ 635 $ 619 $ 526 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 11 32 50 Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years (72 ) (60 ) (12 ) Additions based on tax positions related to current year 37 50 72 Reductions based on settlements (1 ) (6 ) (16 ) Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations (15 ) 0 (1 ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period $ 595 $ 635 $ 619 Of the total $ 595 million in unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2012, $ 387 million would reduce income tax expense and the effective tax rate if recognized. During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that audit resolutions, the expiration of statutes of limitations and tax accounting method changes could potentially reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by up to $ 232 million. However, this amount may change because we continue to have ongoing negotiations with various taxing authorities throughout the year. We report interest and penalties on tax deficiencies as income tax expense. At March 31, 2012, before any tax benefits, our accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits amounted to $ 140 million. We recognized an income tax expense of $ 7 million, before any tax effect, related to interest in our consolidated statements of operations during 2012. We have no material amounts accrued for penalties. X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 136, 172 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Discontinued Operation 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Discontinued Operation [Abstract] Discontinued Operation 7. Discontinued Operation In July 2010, our Technology Solutions segment sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, McKesson Asia Pacific Pty Limited ("MAP"), a provider of phone and web-based healthcare services in Australia and New Zealand, for net sales proceeds of $ 109 million. The divestiture generated a pre-tax and after-tax gain of $ 95 million and $ 72 million. As a result of the sale, we were able to utilize capital loss carry-forwards for which we previously recorded a valuation allowance of $ 15 million. The release of the valuation allowance is included as a tax benefit in our after-tax gain on the divestiture. The after-tax gain on disposition was recorded as a discontinued operation in our consolidated statement of operations in 2011. The historical financial operating results and net assets of MAP were not material to our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented . X - Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the facts and circumstances leading to the completed or expected disposal, manner and timing of disposal, the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss), amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations, the segment in which the disposal group was reported, and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups, including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2941-110230 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1436-107760 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6390789&loc=d3e2443-110228 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43-48 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1474-107760 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1020-107759 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1510-107760 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1012-107759 + Details Name: us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Receivables, Net 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Receivables, Net [Abstract] Receivables, Net 9. Receivables, Net March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Customer accounts $ 8,562 $ 7,982 Other 1,537 1,341 Total 10,099 9,323 Allowances (122 ) (136 ) Net $ 9,977 $ 9,187 Other receivables primarily include amounts due from suppliers and customer unbilled receivables. The allowances are primarily for estimated uncollectible accounts. X - Definition The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a company. Examples include trade accounts receivables, notes receivables, loans receivables. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5066-111524 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 -Article 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 01-6 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5162-111524 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3, 4 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3,4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph k Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6965416&loc=d3e5074-111524 + Details Name: us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Y Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Technology Solutions [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Cost Of Sales [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Operating Expense [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Non-Cash Asset Impairment Charges [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Severance [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Customer Allowances [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Technology Solutions [Member] Other Product Alignment Charges [Member] Product Alignment [Member] Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges [Line Items] Pre-tax charges resulting from product alignment plan $ 51 $ 31 $ 20 $ 24 $ 10 $ 7 $ 10 Amortization period for capitalized software held for sale (years) 3 Asset impairment charge - capitalized software held for sale $ 0 $ 72 $ 0 $ 72 $ 72 X - Details Name: mck_ProductAlignmentAndAssetImpairmentChargesLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For each income statement presented, the amount charged to expense for write-downs of capitalized computer software costs to net realizable value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareImpairments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The useful life of all finite-lived intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 12, 13, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15372-109273 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenses charged against earnings in the period of an event that is infrequent in occurrence or unusual in nature. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6365513&loc=d3e15122-107781 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonrecurringExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (Schedule Of Long-Term Debt) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2012 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 [Member] Feb. 29, 2012 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 5.25% Notes due March, 2013 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 5.25% Notes due March, 2013 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 6.50% Notes due February, 2014 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 6.50% Notes due February, 2014 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 3.25% Notes due March, 2016 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 3.25% Notes due March, 2016 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 5.70% Notes due March, 2017 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 5.70% Notes due March, 2017 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 7.50% Notes due February, 2019 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 7.50% Notes due February, 2019 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 4.75% Notes dues March, 2021 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 4.75% Notes dues March, 2021 [Member] Feb. 28, 2011 4.75% Notes dues March, 2021 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 6.00% Notes due March, 2041 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 6.00% Notes due March, 2041 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Other Long Term Debt [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Other Long Term Debt [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Total debt $ 3,580 $ 4,004 $ 0 $ 399 $ 500 $ 499 $ 350 $ 350 $ 598 $ 598 $ 499 $ 499 $ 349 $ 349 $ 598 $ 598 $ 175 $ 175 $ 493 $ 493 $ 18 $ 44 Less current portion (508) (417) Total long-term debt $ 3,072 $ 3,587 Interest rate on debt 7.75% 7.75% 5.25% 6.50% 3.25% 5.70% 7.50% 4.75% 4.75% 7.65% 6.00% Debt Instrument, Maturity Date Feb. 01, 2012 Mar. 01, 2013 Feb. 15, 2014 Mar. 01, 2016 Mar. 01, 2017 Feb. 15, 2019 Mar. 01, 2021 Mar. 01, 2027 Mar. 01, 2041 X - Definition Interest rate stated in the contractual debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid, which may be presented in a variety of ways (year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter, etc.). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Including current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of long-term borrowings as of the balance sheet date. May include notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt, which had initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 7 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of the portions of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt, which may include notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans, and commercial paper, which are scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt, which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle, if longer, but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year (current maturities) or the normal operating cycle, if longer, and after deducting unamortized discount or premiums, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Income, Net (Other Income, Net) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Other Income, Net [Abstract] Interest income $ 19 $ 18 $ 16 Equity in earnings(loss), net 9 [1] (6) [1] 6 [1] Reimbursement of post-acquisition interest expense 0 16 0 Gain on sale of investment 0 [1] 0 [1] 17 [1] Impairment of an investment (6) 0 0 Other, net (1) 8 4 Total $ 21 $ 36 $ 43 [1] Recorded within our Distribution Solutions segment. X - Definition Business combination cost reimbursement expense from former shareholders + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_BusinessCombinationCostReimbursement Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period, not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity, which, for cash flow reporting, is a component of proceeds from investing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition This item represents the entity's proportionate share for the period of the net income (loss) of its investee (such as unconsolidated subsidiaries and joint ventures) to which the equity method of accounting is applied. This item includes income or expense related to stock-based compensation based on the investor's grant of stock to employees of an equity method investee. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6382870&loc=d3e33749-111570 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 18 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 11 -Article 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 9 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Income derived from investments in debt securities and on cash and cash equivalents the earnings of which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The charge against earnings resulting from the write down of long lived assets other than goodwill due to the difference between the carrying value and lower fair value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssetImpairmentCharges Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount of other income and expense amounts, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends, (b) interest on securities, (c) net gains or losses on securities, (d) unusual costs, (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions, and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 9 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Lease Obligations (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Operating Leased Assets [Line Items] Rental expense $ 240,000,000 $ 157,000,000 $ 154,000,000 Property leases term (years) P5Y Equipment Lease [Member] | Maximum [Member] Operating Leased Assets [Line Items] Lease term (years) P3Y Equipment Lease [Member] | Minimum [Member] Operating Leased Assets [Line Items] Lease term (years) P1Y Facilities Lease [Member] | Maximum [Member] Operating Leased Assets [Line Items] Lease term (years) P7Y Facilities Lease [Member] | Minimum [Member] Operating Leased Assets [Line Items] Lease term (years) P1Y X - Definition Lease Term + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_LeaseTerm Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Renewal option increments for leases. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_RenewalOptionIncrementsForLeases Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Rental expense incurred for leased assets including furniture and equipment which has not been recognized in costs and expenses applicable to sales and revenues; for example, cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To RSU Activity) (Details) (RSUs [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Y Mar. 31, 2011 Y Mar. 31, 2010 Y RSUs [Member] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items] Total fair value of shares vested $ 44 $ 43 $ 74 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 143 $ 131 $ 61 Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized 3 2 2 X - Definition As of the balance sheet date, the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans, using a decimal to express in number of years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The total fair value of equity-based awards for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph c(2) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Net actuarial loss $ 61 $ 10 $ 59 Prior service credit 0 0 (2) Amortization of Net actuarial loss (25) (26) (23) Amortization of Prior service cost (2) (2) (2) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss (income) $ 34 $ (18) $ 32 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The change in other comprehensive income due to the amortization of the net prior service costs (credit) into net periodic pension costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph c, d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 19, 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The pretax cost (credit) of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service resulting from a plan amendment or plan initiation that occurred during the period. The cost has not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost. A plan amendment includes provisions that grant increased (decreased) benefits based on service rendered in prior periods. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph c, d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 37 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 19, 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (but not yet recognized in net periodic benefit cost), including the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost (credit) arising during the period. Also includes reclassification adjustments out of other comprehensive income as a result of being recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost for the period. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 22, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h)-(j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph C3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Pretax change in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption, or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph c, d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (h) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 17, 19, 24 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net gain (loss) previously recognized in other comprehensive income that is a reclassification adjustment of other comprehensive income as a result of being recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e637-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e653-108580 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph i -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationOfDefinedBenefitPlansNetGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Additional Information Regarding Capitalized Software Expenditures Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Amounts capitalized $ 47 $ 64 $ 75 Amortization expense 53 75 67 Impairment charge 0 72 0 Third-party royalty fees paid 95 72 63 X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for research, development, and computer software activities, including contracts and arrangements to be performed for others and with federal government. Includes costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility and in-process research and development acquired in a business combination consummated during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Audit and Accounting Guide (AAG) -Number AAG-FGC -Chapter 3 -Paragraph 56, 57 -IssueDate 2006-05-01 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420387&loc=d3e23218-108380 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 2 -Paragraph 12, 13 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420387&loc=d3e23199-108380 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 68 -Paragraph 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420387&loc=d3e23221-108380 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchDevelopmentAndComputerSoftwareDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Sep. 30, 2011 Jun. 30, 2011 Mar. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Jun. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Y Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of LIFO inventory 88.00% 87.00% 88.00% 87.00% LIFO reserves, net of LCM adjustments $ 107,000,000 $ 96,000,000 $ 107,000,000 $ 96,000,000 Net LIFO expense 11,000,000 3,000,000 8,000,000 Excess of LIFO inventory over FIFO inventory 76,000,000 156,000,000 76,000,000 156,000,000 LCM charges recorded (80,000,000) 44,000,000 Property plant and equipment minimum life, years 1 Property plant and equipment maximum life, years 30 Useful lives of capitalized software held for sale, years 3 Intangible assets useful life minimum 1 Intangible assets useful life maximum 20 Capitalized software 445,000,000 446,000,000 445,000,000 446,000,000 Accumulated amortization 902,000,000 778,000,000 902,000,000 778,000,000 Capitalized software held for sale 144,000,000 152,000,000 144,000,000 152,000,000 Sales return from customers 1,600,000,000 1,400,000,000 1,200,000,000 Segment reporting revenue by country 31,699,000,000 30,839,000,000 30,216,000,000 29,980,000,000 28,853,000,000 28,247,000,000 27,534,000,000 27,450,000,000 122,734,000,000 112,084,000,000 108,702,000,000 Deferred revenue 1,423,000,000 1,321,000,000 1,423,000,000 1,321,000,000 Supplier reserves 115,000,000 102,000,000 115,000,000 102,000,000 Sales Revenue, Segment [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 52.00% 52.00% Accounts Receivable [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 49.00% 49.00% CVS Caremark Corporation [Member] | Sales Revenue, Segment [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 16.00% 16.00% CVS Caremark Corporation [Member] | Accounts Receivable [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 17.00% 17.00% Wal-Mart Stores, Inc [Member] | Accounts Receivable [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 10.00% 10.00% Rite Aid Corporation [Member] | Sales Revenue, Segment [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 10.00% 10.00% Rite Aid Corporation [Member] | Accounts Receivable [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Percentage of revenue and accounts receivable by large customers 9.00% 9.00% Capitalized Software Held For Internal Use [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Intangible assets useful life minimum 1 Intangible assets useful life maximum 10 Technology Solutions [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Segment reporting revenue by country 3,310,000,000 3,195,000,000 3,124,000,000 Deferred revenue 3,000,000 25,000,000 3,000,000 25,000,000 Distribution Solutions - Sales To Customers' Warehouses [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Segment reporting revenue by country 20,453,000,000 [1] 18,631,000,000 [1] 21,435,000,000 [1] Accounts Receivable Sales Facility [Member] Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items] Accounts receivable sales facility $ 1,350,000,000 $ 1,350,000,000 [1] Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. X - Definition The carrying amount of capitalized computer software costs held for sale net of accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_CapitalizedSoftwareHeldForSale Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of lifo inventory over fifo inventory + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ExcessOfLifoInventoryOverFifoInventory Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: mck_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Supplier reserves + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_SupplierReserves Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition For each balance sheet presented, the amount of accumulated amortization for capitalized computer software costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 142 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAccumulatedAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying amount of capitalized computer software costs net of accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Implementation Guide (Q and A) -Number FAS86 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the "benchmark" (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13537-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13531-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP, and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including sales, license fees, and royalties, but excluding interest income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361293&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6600647&loc=d3e214044-122780 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The effect of liquidating LIFO (last in first out) inventory layers on income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 11 -Section F Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section S50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386917&loc=d3e99609-122727 -Paragraph 2 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 11.F) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386940&loc=d3e100079-122729 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386940&loc=d3e100079-122729 -Paragraph 3 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectOfLIFOInventoryLiquidationOnIncome Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The average useful life of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905858&loc=d3e16265-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAverageUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum useful life of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15217-109273 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15300-109273 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15211-109273 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLifeMaximum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The minimum useful life of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15217-109273 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15300-109273 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6904245&loc=d3e15211-109273 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsUsefulLifeMinimum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Reflects the difference between (a) inventory at the lower of LIFO cost or market and (b) inventory at replacement cost or at the lower of some acceptable inventory accounting method (such as FIFO or average cost), or market. If material, reflects an excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value parenthetically on the balance sheet or in a note to the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph c -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(c)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The change in the inventory reserve representing the cumulative difference in cost between the first in, first out and the last in, first out inventory valuation methods, which change has been reflected in the statement of income during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section L Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReservePeriodCharge Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The percentage of LIFO (last in first out) inventory to total inventory as of the balance sheet date if other than 100 percent. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PercentageOfLIFOInventory Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum useful life of long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeMaximum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The minimum useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeMinimum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate refunds recognized during an accounting period due to goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions). Returns are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesReturnsGoods Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Pension Benefits [Abstract] Pension Benefits 14. Pension Benefits We maintain a number of qualified and no nqualified defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. Defined Benefit Pension Plans Eligible U.S. employees who were employed by the Company as of December 31, 1995 are covered under the Company-sponsored defined benefit retirement plan. In 1997, the plan was amended to freeze all plan benefits as of December 31, 1996. Benefits for the defined benefit retirement plan are based primarily on age of employees at date of retirement, years of creditable service and the average of the highest 60 months of pay during the 15 years prior to the plan freeze date. We also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible Canadian and United Kingdom employees as well as an unfunded nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plan for certain U.S. executives. Defined benefit plan assets and obligations are measured as of the Company's fiscal year-end. The net periodic expense for our pension plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Service cost—benefits earned during the year $ 7 $ 6 $ 4 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 31 31 35 Expected return on assets (31 ) (29 ) (24 ) Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation 27 28 25 Net periodic pension expense $ 34 $ 36 $ 40 The projected unit credit method is utilized in measuring net periodic pension expense over the employees' service life for the U.S. pension plans. Unrecognized actuarial losses exceeding 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market value of assets are amortized straight-line over the average remaining future service periods. Information regarding the changes in benefit obligations and plan assets for our pension plans is as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Change in benefit obligations Benefit obligation at beginning of period $ 625 $ 593 Service cost 7 6 Interest cost 31 31 Actuarial loss 42 21 Benefit payments (34 ) (32 ) Foreign exchange impact and other (1 ) 6 Benefit obligation at end of period (1) $ 670 $ 625 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period $ 416 $ 391 Actual return on plan assets 12 40 Employer and participant contributions 17 11 Benefits paid (34 ) (32 ) Foreign exchange impact and other (1 ) 6 Fair value of plan assets at end of period $ 410 $ 416 Funded status at end of period $ (260 ) $ (209 ) Amounts recognized on the balance sheet Long-term assets $ 0 $ 4 Current liabilities (13 ) (4 ) Long-term liabilities (247 ) (209 ) Total $ (260 ) $ (209 ) (1) The benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. The accumulated benefit obligations for our pension plans were $ 667 million at March 31, 2012 and $ 622 million at March 31, 2011. The following table provides the projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for all our pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Projected benefit obligation $ 670 $ 533 Accumulated benefit obligation 667 529 Fair value of plan assets 410 319 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Net actuarial loss $ 274 $ 239 Prior service cost 1 2 Net transition obligation 1 1 Total $ 276 $ 242 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income during the reporting periods were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Net actuarial loss $ 61 $ 10 $ 59 Prior service credit 0 0 (2 ) Amortization of: Net actuarial loss (25 ) (26 ) (23 ) Prior service cost (2 ) (2 ) (2 ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss (income) $ 34 $ (18 ) $ 32 We expect to amortize $ 2 million of prior service cost and $ 30 million of actuarial loss for the pension plans from stockholders' equity to pension expense in 2013. Comparable 2012 amounts were $ 2 million and $ 25 million. Projected benefit obligations relating to our unfunded U.S. plans were $ 167 million and $ 154 million at March 31, 2012 and 2011. Pension obligations for our unfunded plans are funded based on the recommendations of independent actuaries. Expected benefit payments for our pension plans are as follows: $ 43 million, $ 33 million, $ 144 million, $ 36 million and $ 33 million for 2013 to 2017 and $ 190 million for 2018 through 2022. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the benefit obligations and include estimated future employee service. Expected contributions to be made for our pension plans are $ 38 million for 2013. Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the net periodic pension expense and the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Net periodic pension expense Discount rates 4.98 % 5.30 % 7.68 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.74 3.75 3.62 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 7.60 7.79 7.90 Benefit obligation Discount rates 4.23 % 4.99 % 5.33 % Rate of increase in compensation 3.56 3.74 3.75 Our U.S. defined benefit pension plan liabilities are valued using a discount rate based on a yield curve developed from a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds rated AA or better whose maturities are aligned with the expected benefit payments of our plans. For March 31, 2012, we used a weighted average discount rate of 4.15 %, which represents a decrease of 73 basis points from our 2011 weighted-average discount rate of 4.88 %. Sensitivity to changes in the weighted-average discount rate for our U.S. pension plans is as follows: One Percentage One Percentage (In millions) Point Increase Point Decrease Increase (decrease) on projected benefit obligation $ (38 ) $ 44 Increase (decrease) on net periodic pension cost (2 ) 3 Plan Assets Investment Strategy : The overall objective for McKesson's pension plan assets is to generate long-term investment returns consistent with capital preservation and prudent investment practices, with a diversification of asset types and investment strategies. Periodic adjustments are made to provide liquidity for benefit payments and to rebalance plan assets to their target allocations. The target allocations for plan assets at March 31, 2012 are 53 % equity investments, 35 % fixed income investments and 12 % to all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents. The target allocations for plan assets at March 31, 2011 were 61 % equity investments, 32 % fixed income investments and 7 % to all other types of investments including cash and cash equivalents. Equity investments include common stock, preferred stock, and equity commingled funds. Fixed income investments include corporate bonds, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, other directly held fixed income investments, and fixed income commingled funds. Other investments include real estate funds, hedge funds, other commingled funds and cash and cash equivalents. We develop our expected long-term rate of return assumption based on the projected performance of the asset classes in which plan assets are invested. Our target asset allocation was determined based on the liability and risk tolerance characteristics of the plans and at times may be adjusted to achieve our overall investment objectives. Fair Value Measurements: The following tables represent our pension plan assets as of March 31, 2012 and 2011, using the fair value hierarchy by asset class. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs. March 31, 2012 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents $ 14 $ 14 $ 0 $ 28 Equity securities: Common stock 100 0 0 100 Equity commingled funds 0 134 0 134 Fixed income securities: Government securities 0 11 0 11 Corporate bonds 0 48 0 48 Mortgage-backed securities 0 21 0 21 Asset-backed securities and other 0 20 0 20 Fixed income commingled funds 0 25 0 25 Other: Real estate funds 0 0 17 17 Other commingled funds 0 12 0 12 Total $ 114 $ 285 $ 17 416 Receivables (1) 6 Payables (1) (12 ) Total $ 410 (1) Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. March 31, 2011 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents $ 14 $ 31 $ 0 $ 45 Equity securities: Common and preferred stock 104 1 0 105 Equity commingled funds 0 144 0 144 Fixed income securities: Government securities 0 20 0 20 Corporate bonds 0 26 0 26 Mortgage-backed securities 0 28 0 28 Asset-backed securities and other 0 19 0 19 Fixed income commingled funds 0 34 0 34 Other: Real estate funds 0 0 5 5 Hedge funds 0 0 5 5 Total $ 118 $ 303 $ 10 431 Receivables (1) 19 Payables (1) (34 ) Total $ 416 (1) Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011 . Cash and cash equivalents – Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investment funds that maintain daily liquidity and aim to have constant unit values of $ 1.00 . The funds invest in short-term fixed income securities and other securities with debt-like characteristics emphasizing short-term maturities and high credit quality. Directly held cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 investments. Cash and cash equivalents include commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Common and preferred stock – This investment class consists of common and preferred shares issued by U.S. and non-U.S. corporations. Common shares are traded actively on exchanges and price quotes are readily available. Preferred shares may not be actively traded. Holdings of common shares are generally classified as Level 1 investments. Preferred shares are classified as Level 2 investments. Equity commingled funds – Some equity investments are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Fixed income securities — Government securities consist of bonds and debentures issued by central governments or federal agencies; corporate bonds consist of bonds and debentures issued by corporations; mortgage-backed securities consist of debt obligations secured by a mortgage or pool of mortgages; and asset-backed securities primarily consist of debt obligations secured by an asset or pool of assets other than mortgages. Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset. Multiple prices and price types are obtained from pricing vendors whenever possible, which enables cross-provider validations. The Company obtains an understanding of how these prices are derived, including the nature and observability of the inputs used in deriving such prices. Fixed income securities are generally classified as Level 2 investments. Fixed income commingled funds – Some fixed income investments are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Real estate funds – The value of the real estate funds is reported by the fund manager and is based on a valuation of the underlying properties. Inputs used in the valuation include items such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data. The real estate funds are classified as Level 3 investments. Hedge funds – The hedge funds are invested in fund-of-fund structures and consist of multiple investments in interest and currency funds designed to hedge the risk of rate fluctuations. Given the complex nature of valuation and the broad spectrums of investments, the hedge funds are classified as Level 3 investments. Other commingled funds – The other commingled funds are invested in equities, bonds, commodities, other alternative investments and cash and cash equivalents. These funds are valued generally based on the weekly net asset values derived from the quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets and, for alternative investments, based on other complex valuation techniques. Other commingled funds are classified as Level 2 investments. The following table represents a reconciliation of Level 3 plan assets held during the years ended March 31, 2012 and 2011: Real Estate Hedge (In millions) Funds Funds Other Total Balance at March 31, 2010 $ 19 $ 5 $ 2 $ 26 Purchases, sales and settlements (14 ) 0 0 (14 ) Transfer in and/or out of Level 3 0 0 (2 ) (2 ) Balance at March 31, 2011 $ 5 $ 5 $ 0 $ 10 Unrealized gain on plan assets still held 1 0 0 1 Purchases, sales and settlements 11 (5 ) 0 6 Balance at March 31, 2012 $ 17 $ 0 $ 0 $ 17 Concentration of Credit Risk: We evaluated our pension plans' asset portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of credit risk as of March 31, 2012. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include investment funds that represented 10 % or more of the pension plans' net assets. As of March 31, 2012 and 2011, 10 % and 11 %of our plan assets are comprised of Bartram International Fund, which predominantly holds actively traded stock. Multiemployer Plans We also contribute to a number of multiemployer pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer pension plans in the following aspects: (i) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (ii) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers, and (iii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. Actions taken by other participating employers may lead to adverse changes in the financial condition of a multiemployer benefit plan and our withdrawal liability and contributions may increase. Contributions to the plans and amounts accrued were not material for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010. Defined Contribution Plans We have a contributory profit sharing investment plan ("PSIP") for U.S. employees not covered by collective bargaining arrangements. Effective January 1, 2011, eligible employees may contribute to the PSIP up to 75 % of their monthly eligible compensation for pre-tax contributions and up to 75 % of compensation for catch-up contributions not to exceed IRS limits. The Company makes matching contributions in an amount equal to 100 % of the employee's first 3 % of pay contributed and 50 % for the next 2 % of pay contributed . The Company also may make an additional annual matching contribution for each plan year to enable participants to receive a full match based on their annual contribution. The Company's leveraged employee stock ownership plan ("ESOP") had purchased an aggregate of 24 million shares of the Company's common stock since its inception. These purchases were financed by 10 to 20 year loans from or guaranteed by us. At March 31, 2010, there were no outstanding ESOP loans nor the related receivables from the ESOP as the ESOP fully repaid the loans during 2010. The loans were repaid by the ESOP from interest earnings on cash balances and common dividends on unallocated shares and Company cash contributions. The ESOP loan maturities and rates were identical to the terms of related Company borrowings. Stock was made available from the ESOP based on debt service payments on ESOP borrowings. In the first quarter of 2011, all of the 24 million common shares had been allocated to plan participants. In 2012, 2011 and 2009, the Company made contributions primarily in cash or with the issuance of treasury shares. Future PSIP contributions will be funded with cash or treasury shares. The McKesson Corporation PSIP was a member of the settlement class in the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action. On April 27, 2009, the court issued an order approving the distribution of the settlement funds. On October 9, 2009, the PSIP received approximately $ 119 million of the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action proceeds. Approximately $ 42 million of the proceeds were attributable to the allocated shares of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP participants during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and were allocated to the respective participants on that basis in the third quarter of 2010. Approximately $ 77 million of the proceeds were attributable to the unallocated shares (the "Unallocated Proceeds") of McKesson common stock owned by the PSIP in an ESOP suspense account. In accordance with the plan terms, the PSIP distributed all of the Unallocated Proceeds to current PSIP participants after the close of the plan year in April 2010. The receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP was reimbursement for the loss in value of the Company's common stock held by the PSIP in its ESOP suspense account during the Consolidated Securities Litigation Action class-holding period and was not a contribution made by the Company to the PSIP or ESOP. Accordingly, there were no accounting consequences to the Company's financial statements relating to the receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds by the PSIP. As a result of the PSIP's receipt of the Unallocated Proceeds, in 2010 the Company contributed $ 1 million to the PSIP. Accordingly, the PSIP expense for 2010 was nominal. Commencing in 2011, the Company resumed its contributions to the PSIP. PSIP expense by segment for the last three years was as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Distribution Solutions $ 22 $ 23 $ 0 Technology Solutions 30 32 1 Corporate 6 4 0 PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 Cost of sales (1) $ 17 $ 17 $ 0 Operating expenses 41 42 1 PSIP expense $ 58 $ 59 $ 1 (1) Amounts recorded to cost of sales pertain solely to our McKesson Technology Solutions segment. X - Details Name: mck_PensionBenefitsAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Pension benefits text block + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PensionBenefitsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Subsequent Event (Details) (Corporate Headquarters [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 1 Months Ended Apr. 30, 2012 Subsequent Event [Line Items] Currently acquired percentage of building 50.00% Cash payment for building $ 90 Previously held percentage of building 50.00% Pre-tax gain on building acquired 75 Fair value of assets acquired 180 Gain on purchase of business net of tax 46 Building And Improvements [Member] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Fair value of assets acquired 113 Property, plant and equipment, useful life, (years) 30 Land [Member] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Fair value of assets acquired $ 58 X - Definition Currently acquired percentage of building + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_CurrentlyAcquiredPercentageOfBuilding Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the excess of the fair value of acquired net assets over the cost of an acquired business after pro rata reduction of the amounts that otherwise would have been assigned to acquired assets except financial assets other than investments accounted for by the equity method, assets to be disposed of by sale, deferred tax assets, prepaid assets relating to pension and postretirement benefit plans, and other current assets. This element is net of the related tax effect. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_GainOnPurchaseOfBusinessNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Previously held percentage of building + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_PreviouslyHeldPercentageOfBuilding Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash paid to acquire the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141R -Paragraph 68 -Subparagraph f(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of acquisition cost of a business combination allocated to assets acquired. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 37 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquired Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of the excess of the fair value of acquired net assets over the cost of an acquired business after pro rata reduction of the amounts that otherwise would have been assigned to acquired assets except financial assets other than investments accounted for by the equity method, assets to be disposed of by sale, deferred tax assets, prepaid assets relating to pension and postretirement benefit plans, and other current assets. This amount is considered an extraordinary item and often referred to as negative goodwill. This element is gross of the related tax effect. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 44, 45, 46 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_GainOnPurchaseOfBusiness Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The average useful life of long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeAverage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities [Abstract] Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities 19. Other Commitments and Contingent Liabilities In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. As described below, many of these proceedings are at preliminary stages and many seek an indeterminate amount of damages. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Disclosure also is provided when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on negotiations with or decisions by third parties, such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interested parties. Such factors bear directly on whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of potential loss and boundaries of high and low estimates. We are party to the legal proceedings described below. Unless otherwise stated, we are currently unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses for the unresolved proceedings described below. Should any one or a combination of more than one of these proceedings be successful, or should we determine to settle any or a combination of these matters, we may be required to pay substantial sums, become subject to the entry of an injunction or be forced to change the manner in which we operate our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. I. Average Wholesale Price Litigation The following matters involve a benchmark referred to as "AWP," which is utilized by some public and private payers to calculate a portion of the amount that pharmacies and other providers are reimbursed for dispensing certain covered prescription drugs. A. In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation Commencing in May of 2008, a series of complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts by various public payers — governmental entities that paid a portion of the price of certain prescription drugs — alleging that in late 2001 the Company and First DataBank, Inc. ("FDB"), a publisher of pharmaceutical pricing information, conspired to improperly raise the published AWP for certain prescription drugs, and that this alleged conduct resulted in higher drug reimbursement payments by plaintiffs and others similarly situated. These actions were all consolidated under the caption In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation. A description of the actions pending during fiscal year 2012 is as follows: The Douglas County, Kansas Nationwide Class Action On August 7, 2008, an action was filed by the Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas on behalf of itself and a purported national class of state, local and territorial governmental entities against the Company and FDB alleging violations of RICO and federal antitrust laws, and seeking treble damages, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Board of County Commissioners of Douglas County, Kansas v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (No. 1:08-CV-11349-PBS) ("Douglas County, Kansas Action"). On December 24, 2008, an amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed abandoning the previously alleged antitrust claims, and adding as named plaintiffs the City of Panama City, Florida; the State of Oklahoma; the County of Anoka, Minnesota; Baltimore, Maryland; Columbia, South Carolina; and Goldsboro, North Carolina. On March 3, 2009, a second amended and consolidated class action complaint was filed, adding the State of Montana as a plaintiff, adding Montana state law claims, and adding a claim for tortious interference. On February 10, 2009, plaintiffs filed a notice of dismissal without prejudice of defendant FDB. On May 20, 2009, an action was filed by Oakland County, Michigan and the City of Sterling Heights, Michigan against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Michigan's Antitrust Reform Act, Michigan's Consumer Protection Act, California's antitrust statute, and for fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, interest and attorneys' fees, all in unspecified amounts, Oakland County, Michigan et al. v. McKesson Corporation , (No. 1:09-CV-10843-PBS) ("Michigan Counties Action"). On August 4, 2009, the court granted the Company's motion to stay the Michigan Counties Action. On March 4, 2011, the court entered an order granting, in part, and denying, in part, plaintiffs' motion for class certification in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. Specifically, the court certified a nationwide class comprised of all non-federal and non-state governmental entities for liability and equitable relief for the period from August 1, 2001, to June 2, 2005, and for damages for the period August 1, 2001, to December 31, 2003. On March 30, 2011, the court granted, in part, plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration by extending the liability-only class period from June 2, 2005, to October 6, 2006. On May 13, 2011, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied the Company's petition and the plaintiffs' cross-petition seeking permission to appeal the district court's March 4, 2011 class certification order. On June 28 and June 29, 2011, respectively, the Company executed settlement agreements with the States of Oklahoma and Montana with respect to the claims those States asserted on behalf of their respective Medicaid programs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. On December 6, 2011, the Company executed a settlement agreement with the State of Oklahoma with respect to the claims it asserted on behalf of the Oklahoma State and Education Employees Group Insurance Board. Pursuant to these settlements, the court dismissed with prejudice all claims asserted by the States of Oklahoma and Montana in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. On October 25, 2011, the Company executed a settlement agreement with the certified class of plaintiffs in the Douglas County, Kansas Action. The settlement provides that the Company will pay $ 82 million in settlement of all claims on behalf of a nationwide class of cities, counties, and other non-federal and non-state governmental entities. The settlement amount of $82 million is to be paid into a settlement escrow in installments following preliminary and final approvals of the settlement by the court. The escrow account shall be used for settlement administration costs, including notice, attorneys' fees as approved by the court, and the remainder will be distributed to class members in a manner determined by plaintiffs and subject to court approval. The settlement also provides that the settlement class will release all claims against the Company relating to FDB's allegedly inflated AWPs, whenever such claims were incurred, and includes an express denial of any liability on the part of the Company. The court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on November 8, 2011, and, on April 19, 2012, the court granted final approval of the settlement and entered final judgment. To date, approximately $ 32 million has been paid by the Company into the settlement escrow, and the balance of the $82 million is expected to be paid into the settlement escrow during the first quarter of 2013. On January 5, 2012, the Company and the plaintiffs in the Michigan Counties Action filed a stipulated order of dismissal with prejudice, which the court entered on January 12, 2012, and which became effective upon the court granting final approval of the settlement in the Douglas County, Kansas Action on April 19, 2012. State Medicaid AWP Cases Beginning in September 2010, a series of suits were filed by individual states in jurisdictions other than the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts based on essentially the same factual allegations as alleged in In re McKesson Governmental Entities Average Wholesale Price Litigation . A description of the actions pending during fiscal year 2012 is as follows: The Kansas Action On September 13, 2010, an action was filed in the Kansas state court of Wyandotte County by the State of Kansas against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Kansas's Restraint of Trade Act, Kansas's Consumer Protection Act, and Kansas's false claims statute, and for civil conspiracy, fraud, unjust enrichment, and breach of contract, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, as well as injunctive relief, interest, disgorgement of profits, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Kansas ex rel. Steve Six v. McKesson Corporation, et al. , (No. 10CV1491). On February 24, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint and set trial for August 7, 2012. On February 15, 2012, the court granted the Company's motion for a continuance and reset trial for May 28, 2013. Discovery is ongoing. The Mississippi Action On October 8, 2010, an action was filed in the Mississippi state court of Hinds County by the State of Mississippi against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Mississippi's Medicaid Fraud Control Act, Mississippi's Consumer Protection Act, and for civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, unjust enrichment, and fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Mississippi v. McKesson Corporation, et al. , (No. 251-10-862CIV). On November 9, 2010, the Company filed a Notice of Removal to the United States District Court, for the Southern District of Mississippi. On January 27, 2011, the case was remanded back to Mississippi state court after the State dismissed its RICO claim. On February 15, 2011, the Company filed a motion to transfer the Mississippi Action from the Circuit Court of Hinds County to the Chancery Court of Hinds County, or in the alternative, to dismiss the State's claim under Mississippi's Consumer Protection Act for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. On July 1, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to transfer or, in the alternative, to dismiss. On July 22, 2011, the Company filed a petition with the Supreme Court of Mississippi seeking permission to appeal the trial court's July 1, 2011 order. On December 15, 2011, the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied the Company's petition but ordered the trial court to dismiss the State's claim under Mississippi's Consumer Protection Act. On July 26, 2011, a second amended complaint was filed that formally abandoned the previously alleged RICO claims and added claims on behalf of the Mississippi state employee health plan. On August 25, 2011, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the State's claim under Mississippi's Medicaid Fraud Control Act, which the court denied on March 12, 2012. On March 9, 2012, the Company filed a motion to extend the scheduling deadlines set by the court, including the trial date. On April 6, 2012, the parties filed a stipulated scheduling order requesting the court to continue the previously set trial date of November 26, 2012, to a date after March 1, 2013. The court has not yet ruled on this request. Discovery is ongoing. The Alaska Action On October 12, 2010, an action was filed in Alaska state court by the State of Alaska against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Alaska's unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as declaratory relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Alaska v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (No. 3AN-10-11348-CI). On May 24, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for February 4, 2013. The Utah Action On October 20, 2010, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the State of Utah against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO and for civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, treble damages, restitution, as well as injunctive relief, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Utah v. McKesson Corporation, et al ., (No. CV 10-4743-SC). On July 19, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for March 11, 2013. The Arizona Administrative Proceeding On November 5, 2010, the Company received a Notice of Proposed Civil Monetary Penalty from the Office of Inspector General for the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System ("AHCCCS") purporting to initiate an administrative claim process against the Company, and seeking civil penalties in the amount of $ 101 million and an assessment in the amount of $ 112 million for false claims allegedly submitted to the Arizona Medicaid program (No. 2010-1218). On February 28, 2011, the Company filed a complaint in Arizona Superior Court, County of Maricopa, against AHCCCS and its Director, alleging that the administrative proceeding commenced by AHCCCS violates the Arizona Administrative Procedure Act and the Due Process Clauses of the Arizona Constitution and the United States Constitution, and seeking to enjoin AHCCCS's administrative proceeding, a declaratory judgment that AHCCCS lacks jurisdiction and legal authority to impose penalties or assessments against the Company, as well as costs of suit, McKesson Corporation v. AHCCCS, (No. CV-2011-004446). On April 28, 2011, the court ruled that AHCCCS has no jurisdiction to impose penalties or assessments against the Company and enjoined AHCCCS from prosecuting or reinitiating any penalty proceeding against the Company. On May 31, 2011, the court entered final judgment in favor of the Company. On June 16, 2011, AHCCCS filed a notice of appeal. The briefing on AHCCCS's appeal is complete, but a hearing date has not yet been set. The Hawaii Action On November 10, 2010, an action was filed in Hawaii state court by the State of Hawaii against the Company and FDB asserting claims under Hawaii's false claims statute, Hawaii's unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Hawaii v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (CV. No. 10-1-2411-11-GWBC). On April 12, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for April 15, 2013. The Louisiana Action On December 20, 2010, an action was filed in Louisiana state court by the State of Louisiana against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under Louisiana's unfair and deceptive trade practices statute, Louisiana's Medical Assistance Programs Integrity Law, Louisiana's antitrust statute, and for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, civil conspiracy, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, statutory fines, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, as well as interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Louisiana v. McKesson Corporation , (No. C597634 Sec. 23). On June 2, 2011, the court granted the State's motion to consolidate for all purposes, including trial, the State's suit against the Company with the State's pending action against numerous drug manufacturers, State of Louisiana v. Abbott Laboratories, Inc., et al ., (No. C596164). On September 8, 2011, the trial court entered an order granting the State's motion to voluntarily dismiss its antitrust claims. The Louisiana Court of Appeals, on September 20, 2011, denied the Company's appeal challenging the trial court's June 2, 2011 consolidation order. On December 14, 2011, the trial court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. On December 19, 2011, the Company filed an application for a supervisory writ, with the Louisiana Court of Appeals, seeking to challenge the trial court's ruling that the State is the proper party to assert damages claims on behalf of Louisiana's Medicaid program, which application was denied. No trial date has been set. The Michigan Action On June 2, 2011, an action was filed in Michigan state court, County of Ingham, by the State of Michigan against the Company, FDB, and the Hearst Corporation asserting claims under Michigan's false claims statute, and for fraud based on false representation, silent fraud, civil conspiracy to commit fraud, tortious interference with contract, and unjust enrichment, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, restitution, disgorgement of profits, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Bill Schuette ex rel. State of Michigan v. McKesson Corporation, et al ., (11-629-CZ). On November 29, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. No trial date has been set. The Virginia Action On June 8, 2011, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the Commonwealth of Virginia against the Company and two of its employees asserting claims under RICO, Virginia's false claims statute, Virginia's fraud statute, and for conspiracy to defraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, interest, and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Commonwealth of Virginia v. McKesson Corporation, et al., (C11-02782-SI). On October 13, 2011, the court denied the Company's motion to dismiss the Commonwealth's complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for March 11, 2013. The Indiana Action On July 13, 2011, the Company was named as a co-defendant to FDB in an action filed in Indiana state court, County of Marion, by the State of Indiana asserting claims under Indiana's false claims statute, Indiana's Medicaid fraud statute, Indiana's theft statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, interest, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Indiana v. McKesson Corp. et al., (No. 49D11-1106-PL-021595). On January 20, 2012, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the Company's motion to dismiss the State's complaint. Specifically, the court dismissed without prejudice the State's claims under Indiana's Medicaid fraud statute and Indiana's theft statute, and for fraud. On February 21, 2012, a second amended complaint was filed asserting claims under Indiana's false claims statute, and for fraud and civil conspiracy. On March 22, 2012, McKesson moved to dismiss the fraud claim in the second amended complaint. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for April 7, 2014. The Kentucky Action On July 15, 2011, the Company was named as a co-defendant to FDB in an action filed in Kentucky state court, Franklin County, by the Commonwealth of Kentucky asserting claims under Kentucky's consumer protection statute, Kentucky's Medicaid fraud statute, Kentucky's theft by deception statute, Kentucky's false advertising statute, and for fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and civil conspiracy, and seeking damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, interest, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, Commonwealth of Kentucky v. McKesson Corp. et al ., (No. 11-CI-00935). On March 12, 2012, the court held a hearing on the Company's motion to dismiss the Commonwealth's complaint but the court has not yet issued a ruling. No trial date has been set. The Oregon Action On November 11, 2011, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by the State of Oregon against the Company as the sole defendant asserting claims under RICO, Oregon's RICO statute, and for unjust enrichment, civil conspiracy, tortious interference with contract, and fraud, and seeking damages, treble damages, punitive damages, a constructive trust, as well as interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, State of Oregon v. McKesson Corporation , No. C11-05384-SI. The Company filed an answer to the State's complaint on January 9, 2012. Discovery is ongoing, and trial is set for July 8, 2013. B. The New Jersey United States Attorney's Office AWP Investigation In June 2007, the Company was informed that a relator had previously filed a qui tam action in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, purportedly on behalf of the United States, twelve states (California, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Mexico, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia) and the District of Columbia against the Company and seven other defendants. In January 2009, the Company was provided with a courtesy copy of the relator's third amended complaint, which alleges claims against the Company and seven other defendants under the False Claims Act and various state false claims statutes. The claims arise out of alleged manipulation of AWP by the defendants. This qui tam action is brought on behalf of the United States and various states, and seeks damages, treble damages and civil penalties, as well as attorneys' fees and costs of suit. C. General On January 30, 2012, the Company reached an agreement in principle with a coalition of State Attorneys General to resolve state Medicaid claims relating to AWP for payment by the Company of approximately $ 173 million. This amount shall be reduced by the total amount allocated to any state that declines to subscribe to the settlement. This agreement is subject to execution of written settlement agreements acceptable to the Company and each participating state. Although the Company believes that there will be substantial participation by the states, the final level of participation is not yet known. The Company will continue to defend vigorously any action pursued by a non-settling state. The Company has fully reserved for the financial effect of this agreement in principle. The Company has a reserve relating to AWP public entity claims, which is reviewed at least quarterly and whenever events or circumstances indicate changes, including consideration of the pace and progress of discussions relating to potentially resolving other public entity claims. Pre-tax charges relating to changes in the Company's AWP litigation reserve, including accrued interest, are recorded in the Distribution Solutions segment. The Company's AWP litigation reserve is included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. In view of the number of outstanding cases and expected future claims, and the uncertainties of the timing and outcome of this type of litigation, it is possible that the ultimate costs of these matters may exceed or be less than the reserve. The following is the activity related to the AWP litigation reserve for the years ended March 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period $ 330 $ 143 $ 143 Charges incurred 149 213 0 Payments made (26 ) (26 ) 0 AWP litigation reserve at end of period $ 453 $ 330 $ 143 The charges for 2012 primarily related to the Douglas County, Kansas Action settlement and the state and federal Medicaid claims. The charges for 2011 primarily related to the state and federal Medicaid claims. On April 3, 2012, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the United States Department of Justice to resolve the federal share of Medicaid claims related to AWP. The total settlement amount of $ 191 million, which includes interest, was paid on April 9, 2012. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, the United States Department of Justice filed a notice seeking the dismissal with prejudice of the claims on behalf of the United States asserted by the relator in the qui tam action pending in New Jersey federal court to the extent those claims are encompassed by the settlement release in the parties' agreement. II. Other Litigation and Claims On October 3, 2008, the United States filed a complaint in intervention in a pending qui tam action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi, naming as defendants, among others, the Company and its former indirect subsidiary, McKesson Medical-Surgical MediNet Inc. ("MediNet"), now merged into and doing business as McKesson Medical-Surgical MediMart Inc., United States ex rel. Jamison v. McKesson Corporation, et al. , (No. 2:08-CV-00214-SA). The United States ("USA") alleges violations of the federal False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. Sections 3729-33, in connection with billing and supply services rendered by MediNet to the long-term care facility operator co-defendants. The action seeks monetary damages in an unstated amount. On July 7, 2009, defendants filed motions to dismiss the action filed by the relator, arguing that the relator was not the original source of the claims which he attempts to pursue in his qui tam action. On March 25, 2010, the trial court granted defendants' motions to dismiss the relator and his complaint, which ruling was later affirmed on appeal by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. On June 2, 2010, the USA filed a motion for partial summary judgment, seeking a finding that the Company's co-defendant, a Medicare Part B supplier, failed to comply with certain of the 21 Supplier Standards ("Standards") established by federal regulations covering such Medicare suppliers, and that the relevant claims for which MediNet provided contract billing and/or supply services were rendered "false" by reason of such non-compliance. On July 2, 2010 the Company and MediNet filed their opposition to the USA's motion and themselves moved for summary judgment as to certain counts based on numerous arguments, including that the USA cannot, as a matter of law, establish that the co-defendant Medicare Part B supplier failed to meet the Standards. On March 28, 2011, the trial court issued its order denying the motion of the USA and granting the partial summary judgment motions of the Company and its co-defendants on grounds that, as a matter of law, the Standards had not been violated. All causes of action based on the alleged failure to comply with the Standards were dismissed. In September of 2011, the Company and MediNet moved for summary judgment on the USA's remaining causes of action which motions were denied on February 14, 2012. In its pretrial filings, the USA stated that it intends to seek damages, which after trebling as allowed by the False Claims Act, total $ 82 million, and will additionally seek between $ 407 million to $ 814 million in fines and penalties. The McKesson defendants strongly dispute any liability, disagree with those claims for damages, fines and penalties and, based on experience, believe that such claimed damages amounts are not meaningful indicators of potential liability. On February 21, 2012, a non-jury trial commenced. On March 8, 2012, the court set April 30, 2012 for the continuation of the trial to allow the USA to present its revised claim for damages which the USA represented at trial would be reduced from the amounts stated in pretrial filings. No rulings on liability or damages have been made yet. As previously reported, the Company's subsidiary, McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc. ("MMS"), has been named as a defendant in multiple cases pending in Nevada state court alleging that plaintiffs contracted Hepatitis C after being administered the drug Propofol during medical procedures conducted by third parties. All but seven cases have been settled with no contribution from MMS, including the previously reported case with a jury verdict against MMS for $ 6 million in compensatory damages and $ 18 million in punitive damages. Of the seven remaining cases, the next trial date is January 2013. Our subsidiary, Northstar Rx LLC, is one of multiple defendants in approximately 425 active cases alleging that plaintiffs were injured after ingesting Reglan and/or its generic equivalent, metoclopramide. There are an additional 52 cases in California, currently stayed, involving over 2,000 plaintiffs. The cases usually include state law claims for strict liability, failure to warn, negligence, and breach of warranty. Most of these cases are pending in state courts in Pennsylvania, California and New Jersey, with other cases pending in Alabama, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, Oregon and Tennessee. Northstar Rx's insurers are providing coverage for these cases. The Company believes that all of these cases are subject to dismissal pursuant to the U.S. Supreme Court's 2011 ruling in Pliva, Inc. v. Mensing, which barred certain types of claims involving generic pharmaceuticals. The Company is also named in approximately 850 cases as a distributor of these products. On January 4, 2011, the Company was served with a qui tam complaint that was originally filed in November 2005 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by a relator, a former employee of a Johnson & Johnson affiliate, against the Company, Johnson & Johnson and its affiliate companies, and Omnicare, Inc., alleging that the Company received illegal "kickbacks" from the Johnson & Johnson defendants in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act and various state false claims statutes, and seeking damages, treble damages, civil penalties, interest, attorneys' fees and costs of suit, all in unspecified amounts, United States ex rel. Scott Bartz v. Ortho McNeil Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., (No. 2:05-cv-06010). The United States declined to intervene in the suit. On February 23, 2011, the case was transferred to the District of Massachusetts. On May 27, 2011, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the relator's complaint. On June 10, 2011, the relator filed a notice of intent to voluntarily dismiss the Company from the action, subject to approval by the United States and the various states on whose behalf the relator filed suit. On March 2, 2012, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, the Johnson & Johnson defendants' motion to dismiss. Specifically, the court ruled that it lacked jurisdiction over the relator's claims under the False Claims Act, and it declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the relator's claims under various state false claims statutes. On April 19, 2012, the Court granted the relator's unopposed motion to dismiss the Company from the action. III. Government Investigations and Subpoenas From time-to-time, the Company receives subpoenas or requests for information from various government agencies. The Company generally responds to such subpoenas and requests in a cooperative, thorough and timely manner. These responses sometimes require considerable time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred by the Company. Such subpoenas and requests also can lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of civil or criminal legal proceedings against the Company and other members of the health care industry, as well as to settlements. Examples of such requests and subpoenas include the following two items. First, prior to its recent acquisition by the Company, US Oncology was informed that the United States Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") and the Attorney General for the State of Texas ("Texas AG") had opened investigations to determine whether a transaction in which certain Austin, Texas based oncology physicians became employees of an existing Texas US Oncology affiliated oncology practice group violated relevant state or federal antitrust laws. US Oncology has responded to requests for information from the government agencies and the Company has continued to cooperate with the FTC and the Texas Attorney General regarding these investigations. US Oncology has reached an agreement with the Texas AG fully resolving its inquiry, and the FTC has informed US Oncology that it has closed its file regarding the matter. Second, the Company has been informed of an investigation by the Regie de l'assurance maladie Du Quebec ("RAMQ") to which the Company's subsidiary, McKesson Canada Corporation ("MCC"), has responded. RAMQ is a provincial government agency with administrative authority over the conduct of pharmaceutical businesses in Quebec Province. MCC has cooperated fully with the investigation which has been conducted, with substantial interruptions, from 2009 through the present. The Company believes that the investigation is focused on certain discounts and payments offered to pharmacies in the Quebec Province. IV. Environmental Matters Primarily as a result of the operation of the Company's former chemical businesses, which were fully divested by 1987, the Company is involved in various matters pursuant to environmental laws and regulations. The Company has received claims and demands from governmental agencies relating to investigative and remedial actions purportedly required to address environmental conditions alleged to exist at eight sites where it, or entities acquired by it, formerly conducted operations and the Company, by administrative order or otherwise, has agreed to take certain actions at those sites, including soil and groundwater remediation. In addition, the Company is one of multiple recipients of a New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Agency directive and a separate United States Environmental Protection Agency directive relating to potential natural resources damages ("NRD") associated with one of these eight sites. Although the Company's potential allocation under either directive cannot be determined at this time, it has agreed to participate with a potentially responsible party ("PRP") group in the funding of an NRD assessment, the costs of which are reflected in the aggregate estimates set forth below. Based on a determination by the Company's environmental staff, in consultation with outside environmental specialists and counsel, the current estimate of the Company's probable loss associated with the remediation costs for these eight sites is $ 7 million, net of approximately $ 1.7 million that third parties have agreed to pay in settlement or is expected, based either on agreements or nonrefundable contributions which are ongoing, to be contributed by third parties. The $7 million is expected to be paid out between April 2012 and March 2032 . The Company's estimated probable loss for these environmental matters has been entirely accrued for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company has been designated as a PRP under the Superfund law for environmental assessment and cleanup costs as the result of its alleged disposal of hazardous substances at 13 sites. With respect to these sites, numerous other PRPs have similarly been designated and while the current state of the law potentially imposes joint and several liability upon PRPs, as a practical matter, costs of these sites are typically shared with other PRPs. At one of these sites, the United State Environmental Protection Agency has recently selected a preferred remedy with an estimated cost of approximately $ 70 million. It is not certain at this point in time what proportion of this estimated liability will be borne by the Company or by the other PRPs. Accordingly, the Company's estimated probable loss at those 13 sites is approximately $ 1 million, which has been entirely accrued for in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The aggregate settlements and costs paid by the Company in Superfund matters to date have not been significant. V. Other Matters The Company is involved in various other litigation and governmental proceedings, not described above, that arise in the normal course of business. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate outcome or the duration of any such litigation or governmental proceedings, the Company believes, based on current knowledge and the advice of counsel, that such litigation and proceedings will not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 14 -Paragraph 3 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25287-109308 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6449706&loc=d3e16207-108621 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Summary Of Pension Plan Assets Using Fair Value Hierarchy By Asset Class) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets $ 410 $ 416 $ 391 Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 28 45 Common Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 100 Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 105 Equity Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 134 144 Government Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 11 20 Corporate Bonds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 48 26 Mortgage-Backed Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 21 28 Asset-Backed Securities And Other [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 20 19 Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 25 34 Other Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 12 Real Estate Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 17 5 Hedge Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 5 Total [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 416 431 Receivables [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 6 [1] 19 [2] Payables [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets (12) [1] (34) [2] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 14 14 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Common Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 100 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 104 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Equity Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Government Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Corporate Bonds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Mortgage-Backed Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Asset-Backed Securities And Other [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Other Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Real Estate Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Hedge Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] | Total [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 114 118 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 14 31 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Common Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 1 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Equity Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 134 144 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Government Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 11 20 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Corporate Bonds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 48 26 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Mortgage-Backed Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 21 28 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Asset-Backed Securities And Other [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 20 19 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 25 34 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Other Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 12 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Real Estate Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Hedge Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] | Total [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 285 303 Level 3 [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 17 10 26 Level 3 [Member] | Cash And Cash Equivalents [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Common Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Level 3 [Member] | Common And Preferred Stock [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Level 3 [Member] | Equity Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Government Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Corporate Bonds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Mortgage-Backed Securities [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Asset-Backed Securities And Other [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Fixed Income Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 0 Level 3 [Member] | Other Commingled Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 Level 3 [Member] | Real Estate Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 17 5 19 Level 3 [Member] | Hedge Funds [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets 0 5 5 Level 3 [Member] | Total [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Pension plan assets $ 17 $ 10 [1] Represents pending trades at March 31, 2012. [2] Represents pending trades at March 31, 2011. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Assets, usually stocks, bonds, and other investments, that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits, at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions, less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits, those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6867990&loc=d3e12355-114930 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 49 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Segments Of Business (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Segments Of Business [Abstract] Reporting Operating Segments Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Revenues Distribution Solutions (1) Direct distribution & services $ 85,523 $ 77,554 $ 72,210 Sales to customers' warehouses 20,453 18,631 21,435 Total U.S. pharmaceutical distribution & services 105,976 96,185 93,645 Canada pharmaceutical distribution & services 10,303 9,784 9,072 Medical-Surgical distribution & services 3,145 2,920 2,861 Total Distribution Solutions 119,424 108,889 105,578 Technology Solutions Services 2,594 2,483 2,439 Software & software systems 596 590 571 Hardware 120 122 114 Total Technology Solutions 3,310 3,195 3,124 Total $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Operating profit Distribution Solutions (2) $ 2,219 $ 1,897 $ 1,988 Technology Solutions (3) 364 301 385 Total 2,583 2,198 2,373 Corporate (413 ) (341 ) (342 ) Litigation credit, net 0 0 20 Interest expense (251 ) (222 ) (187 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 Depreciation and amortization (4) (5) Distribution Solutions $ 225 $ 167 $ 154 Technology Solutions 209 209 212 Corporate 117 120 111 Total $ 551 $ 496 $ 477 Expenditures for long-lived assets (5) (6) Distribution Solutions $ 175 $ 158 $ 90 Technology Solutions 22 26 31 Corporate 28 49 78 Total $ 225 $ 233 $ 199 Segment assets, at year end (5) Distribution Solutions $ 25,374 $ 22,732 $ 19,599 Technology Solutions 3,575 3,504 3,635 Total 28,949 26,236 23,234 Corporate Cash and cash equivalents 3,149 3,612 3,731 Other 995 1,038 1,224 Total $ 33,093 $ 30,886 $ 28,189 (1) Revenues derived from services represent less than 2% of this segment's total revenues for 2012, 2011 and 2010. (2) Operating profit for 2012 and 2011 includes AWP litigation charges of $ 149 million and $ 213 million, which were recorded in operating expenses. Operating profit for 2011 includes the receipt of $ 51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. (3) Operating profit for 2012 includes product alignment charges of $ 51 million. Operating profit for 2011 includes a $ 72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded in cost of sales. (4) Amounts primarily include amortization of acquired intangible assets purchased in connection with acquisitions, capitalized software held for sale and capitalized software for internal use. (5) Amounts have been recast for 2011 and 2010 to reflect the transfer of assets from our Distribution Solutions segment to Corporate effective April 1, 2011. (6) Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment. Geographic Segments Assets Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Revenues United States $ 112,230 $ 102,089 $ 99,387 International 10,504 9,995 9,315 Total $ 122,734 $ 112,084 $ 108,702 Property, plant and equipment, net, at year end United States $ 952 $ 901 $ 764 International 91 90 87 Total $ 1,043 $ 991 $ 851 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments, customer relationships with financial institutions, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material. An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph b(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8721-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 22 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8736-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 131 -Paragraph 27, 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6905597&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8813-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 0 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 site claim Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Northstar Rx LLC [Member] claim Mar. 31, 2012 McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc [Member] claim Mar. 31, 2012 Distributor [Member] claim Mar. 31, 2012 Reglan [Member] plaintiff Mar. 31, 2012 Other Litigation and Claims [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Previous Cases [Member] Oct. 25, 2011 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Apr. 30, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] State Attorneys General [Member] Nov. 30, 2010 Distribution Solutions [Member] Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Maximum [Member] Other Litigation and Claims [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Minimum [Member] Other Litigation and Claims [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Remediation costs $ 7.0 Amount third parties have agreed to pay in settlement 1.7 Chemical conditions sites, number 8 Hazardous substance sites, number 13 Estimated loss 1.0 Cases pending 425 7 850 Additional cases pending 52 Number of plaintiffs 2,000 Damages sought 82 6 82 101 Fines and penalties sought 112 Loss contingency fines and penalties sought value 18 814 407 Settlement expense paid till date 32 Loss contingency settlement agreement 173 Cash payments for legal settlement 26 26 350 191 26 26 0 Estimated environmental assessment and cleanup costs $ 70 Remediation costs expected to be paid out, period April 2012 and March 2032 X - Definition Additional Cases Pending + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_AdditionalCasesPending Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Estimated Environmental Assessment And Cleanup Costs + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_EstimatedEnvironmentalAssessmentAndCleanupCosts Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Estimated Time Period To Pay Environmental Remediation Expense + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_EstimatedTimePeriodToPayEnvironmentalRemediationExpense Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Assessments sought for false claims allegedly presented. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_FalseClaimsAssessment Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of sites that hazardous substances were allegedly disposed at. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_HazardousSubstanceSites Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Loss contingency fines and penalties sought value + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_LossContingencyFinesAndPenaltiesSoughtValue Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of consideration the entity has agreed to pay to settle a legal matter. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_LossContingencySettlementAgreementConsideration1 Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of plaintiffs + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_NumberOfPlaintiffs Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of sites requiring environmental conditions to be addressed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_NumberOfSitesEnvironmentalConditions Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total costs accrued as of the balance sheet date for environmental loss contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 410 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6393242&loc=d3e13207-110859 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6395460&loc=d3e13647-108346 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 96-1 -Paragraph 161 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccrualForEnvironmentalLossContingencies Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Recorded amount of the accrual for a material component of an environmental loss contingency. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.Y.Q2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6572457&loc=d3e149879-122751 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccrualForEnvironmentalLossContingenciesComponentAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of any recovery from third parties that is credited to environmental remediation costs in the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 410 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6393242&loc=d3e13296-110859 + Details Name: us-gaap_EnvironmentalCostRecognizedRecoveryCreditedToExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The payments made in the period which reduced loss contingency liabilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValuePayments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The value (monetary amount) of the award the plaintiff seeks in the legal matter. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14557-108349 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 11 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of pending claims pertaining to a loss contingency accrual as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of cash paid for the settlement of litigation or for other legal issues during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Property, Plant And Equipment, Net [Abstract] Schedule Of Property, Plant And Equipment, Net March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Land $ 68 $ 70 Building, machinery, equipment and other 2,107 1,973 Total property, plant and equipment 2,175 2,043 Accumulated depreciation (1,132 ) (1,052 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 1,043 $ 991 X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the useful life and salvage value of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph b -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) Share data in Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended Apr. 30, 2012 Jan. 31, 2012 Apr. 30, 2011 Oct. 31, 2010 Apr. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 May 31, 2010 ASR May 2010 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 ASR March 2011 [Member] May 31, 2011 ASR May 2011 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 ASR March 2012 [Member] Apr. 30, 2011 Old Rate Per Share [Member] Apr. 30, 2011 New Rate Per Share [Member] Stockholders' Equity [Line Items] Dividends rate per share $ 0.18 $ 0.20 Cash dividends declared per common share $ 0.8 $ 0.72 $ 0.48 Authorized amount of common stock repurchase plan $ 700,000,000 $ 650,000,000 $ 1,000,000,000 $ 1,000,000,000 $ 1,000,000,000 $ 1,000,000,000 $ 275,000,000 $ 650,000,000 $ 1,200,000,000 Share authorization remaining $ 1,000,000,000 Shares received under ASR program 20 [1] 29 [1] 8 [1] 12 Average price paid per share $ 87.19 [1] Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. X - Definition The approved dividend rate per common share. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DividendsRatePerShare Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: mck_StockholdersEquityLineItems Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Final price paid per share for the purchase of the targeted number of shares, determined by an average market price over a fixed period of time. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 99-7 -Paragraph 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_AcceleratedShareRepurchasesFinalPricePaidPerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount authorized by an entity's Board of Directors under a stock repurchase plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The remaining repurchase amount authorized by an entity's Board of Directors under a stock repurchase plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity (USD $) In Millions Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-In Capital [Member] Other Capital [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Member] Treasury Stock [Member] Total Beginning Balance at Mar. 31, 2009 $ 4 $ 4,417 $ (8) $ 6,103 $ (179) $ (4,144) $ 6,193 Beginning Balance, Shares at Mar. 31, 2009 351 (80) Issuance of shares under employee plans 218 (24) 194 Issuance of shares under employee plans, shares 8 (1) Share-based compensation 114 114 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 11 11 Translation adjustments 238 238 Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax benefit (53) (53) Net income 1,263 1,263 Repurchase of common stock (299) (299) Repurchase of common stock, Shares (7) Cash dividends declared, $0.80 for 2012, $0.72 for 2011 and $0.48 for 2010 per common share (131) (131) Other (4) (4) 1 9 2 Ending Balance at Mar. 31, 2010 4 4,756 (12) 7,236 6 (4,458) 7,532 Comprehensive income at Mar. 31, 2010 1,448 Ending Balance, Shares at Mar. 31, 2010 359 (88) Issuance of shares under employee plans 370 (17) 353 Issuance of shares under employee plans, shares 10 Share-based compensation 137 137 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 113 113 Translation adjustments 76 76 Net income 1,202 1,202 Repurchase of common stock (37) (1,995) (2,032) Repurchase of common stock, Shares (29) Cash dividends declared, $0.80 for 2012, $0.72 for 2011 and $0.48 for 2010 per common share (188) (188) Other 22 5 27 Ending Balance at Mar. 31, 2011 4 5,339 10 8,250 87 (6,470) 7,220 Comprehensive income at Mar. 31, 2011 1,283 Ending Balance, Shares at Mar. 31, 2011 369 (117) Issuance of shares under employee plans 167 (24) 143 Issuance of shares under employee plans, shares 4 (1) Share-based compensation 154 154 Tax benefit related to issuance of shares under employee plans 46 46 Translation adjustments (56) (56) Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax benefit (21) (21) Net income 1,403 1,403 Repurchase of common stock (140) (1,710) (1,850) Repurchase of common stock, Shares (20) Cash dividends declared, $0.80 for 2012, $0.72 for 2011 and $0.48 for 2010 per common share (202) (202) Other 5 (6) (5) (6) Ending Balance at Mar. 31, 2012 4 5,571 4 9,451 5 (8,204) 6,831 Comprehensive income at Mar. 31, 2012 $ 1,321 Ending Balance, Shares at Mar. 31, 2012 373 (138) X - Definition This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period, that is, the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words "stock-based compensation". + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415241&loc=d3e4534-113899 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11149-113907 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A91 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6576910&loc=d3e11178-113907 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 39 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Tax benefit associated with any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). The tax benefit results from the deduction by the entity on its tax return for an award of stock that exceeds the cumulative compensation cost for common stock or preferred stock recognized for financial reporting. Includes any resulting tax benefit that exceeds the previously recognized deferred tax asset (excess tax benefits). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 740 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6419406&loc=d3e23524-113945 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 62 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the reporting entity. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e540-108580 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A5 -Appendix A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508144 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e557-108580 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 + Details Name: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of common stock cash dividends declared by an entity during the period. This element includes paid and unpaid dividends declared during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) in accumulated comprehensive income during the period related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans, after tax. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute, the default assumption is a credit balance consistent with its label. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 22, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity, net of tax. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b),(c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6915805&loc=d3e32211-110900 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920433&loc=d3e998-108581 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 26 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 52 -Paragraph 13, 20, 31 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued and outstanding as of the balance sheet date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6228006&loc=d3e74512-122707 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents movements included in the statement of changes in stockholders' equity which are not separately disclosed or provided for elsewhere in the taxonomy. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued during the period as a result of an employee stock purchase plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 5 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate change in value for stock issued during the period as a result of employee stock purchase plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense For Pension Plans) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Defined Pension Benefit Plans [Member] Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items] Service cost-benefits earned during the year $ 7 $ 6 $ 4 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 31 31 35 Expected return on assets (31) (29) (24) Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation 27 28 25 Net periodic expense (income) $ 34 $ 36 $ 40 X - Definition Defined Benefit Plan amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss, prior service costs and net transitional obligation + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfUnrecognizedActuarialLossPriorServiceCostsAndNetTransitionalObligation Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition An amount calculated as a basis for determining the extent of delayed recognition of the effects of changes in the fair value of assets. The expected return on plan assets is determined based on the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the market-related value of plan assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Expected Return on Plan Assets -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6512136 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 30 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Expected Return on Plan Assets -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6512171 -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase in a defined benefit pension plan's projected benefit obligation or a defined benefit postretirement plan's accumulated postretirement benefit obligation due to the passage of time. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, gain (loss), prior service cost or credit, transition asset or obligation, and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The actuarial present value of benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to services rendered by employees during the period. The portion of the expected postretirement benefit obligation attributed to employee service during the period. The service cost component is a portion of the benefit obligation and is unaffected by the funded status of the plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (h)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6962843&loc=d3e1928-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 106 -Paragraph 518 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6525008 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 87 -Paragraph 264 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph a, h -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Share-Based Compensation [Abstract] Share-Based Compensation 3. Share-Based Compensation We provide share-based compensation for our employees, officers and non-employee directors, including stock options, an employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance-based restricted stock units ("PeRSUs") (collectively, "share-based awards.") Most of our share-based awards are granted in the first quarter of each fiscal year. Compensation expense for the share-based awards is recognized for the portion of awards ultimately expected to vest. We estimate the number of share-based awards, which will ultimately vest primarily based on historical experience. The estimated forfeiture rate established upon grant is re-assessed throughout the requisite service period. As required, the forfeiture estimates are adjusted to reflect actual forfeitures when an award vests. The actual forfeitures in future reporting periods could be higher or lower than current estimates. The compensation expense recognized has been classified in the consolidated statements of operations or capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets in the same manner as cash compensation paid to our employees. There was no material share-based compensation expense capitalized as part of the cost of an asset in 2012, 2011 and 2010. Impact on Net Income The components of share-based compensation expense and related tax benefits are as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 RSUs (1) $ 97 $ 79 $ 47 PeRSUs (2) 24 27 39 Stock options 23 22 19 Employee stock purchase plan 10 9 9 Share-based compensation expense 154 137 114 Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense (3) (55 ) (48 ) (41 ) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax $ 99 $ 89 $ 73 (1) This expense was primarily the result of PeRSUs awarded in prior years, which converted to RSUs due to the attainment of goals during the applicable years' performance period. (2) Represents estimated compensation expense for PeRSUs that are conditional upon attaining performance objectives during the current year's performance period. (3) Income tax expense is computed using the tax rates of applicable tax jurisdictions. Additionally, a portion of pre-tax compensation expense is not tax-deductible. Stock Plans The 2005 Stock Plan provides our employees, officers and non-employee director's share-based long-term incentives. The 2005 Stock Plan permits the granting of up to 42.5 million shares in the form of stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, PeRSUs and other share-based awards. As of March 31, 2012, 9.3 million shares remain available for future grant under the 2005 Stock Plan. Stock Options Stock options are granted at no less than fair market value and those options granted under the 2005 Stock Plan generally have a contractual term of seven years and follow a four-year vesting schedule. Compensation expense for stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period and is based on the grant-date fair value for the portion of the awards that is ultimately expected to vest. We continue to use the Black-Scholes options-pricing model to estimate the fair value of our stock options. Once the fair value of an employee stock option is determined, current accounting practices do not permit it to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual. The options-pricing model requires the use of various estimates and assumptions as follows: – Expected stock price volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility of our common stock and implied market volatility. We believe that this market-based input provides a better estimate of our future stock price movements and is consistent with employee stock option valuation considerations. – Expected dividend yield is based on historical experience and investors' current expectations. – The risk-free interest rate for periods within the expected life of the option is based on the constant maturity U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant. – Expected life of the options is based primarily on historical employee stock option exercises and other behavior data and reflects the impact of changes in contractual life of current option grants compared to our historical grants. Weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee stock options were as follows: Years Ended March 31, 2012 2011 2010 Expected stock price volatility 27 % 29 % 33 % Expected dividend yield 1.0 % 1.1 % 0.7 % Risk-free interest rate 2 % 3 % 2 % Expected life (in years) 5 5 5 The following is a summary of options outstanding at March 31, 2012: Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Number of Number of Weighted- Options Average Weighted- Options Weighted- Outstanding Remaining Average Exercisable Average Range of Exercise At Year End Contractual Exercise at Year End Exercise Prices (In millions) Life (Years) Price (In millions) Price $ 27.35 - $ 41.02 3 3 $ 38.09 1 $ 36.52 $ 41.03 - $ 54.70 1 1 45.99 1 46.36 $ 54.71 - $ 68.37 3 4 63.01 2 61.20 $ 68.38 - $ 84.41 1 6 83.04 0 74.57 8 4 The following table summarizes stock option activity during 2012, 2011 and 2010: Weighted- Average Weighted- Remaining Aggregate Average Exercise Contractual Intrinsic (In millions, except per share data and years) Shares Price Term (Years) Value (2 ) Outstanding, March 31, 2009 19 $ 39.28 3 $ 33 Granted 2 40.59 Exercised (5 ) 33.34 Outstanding, March 31, 2010 16 $ 41.26 3 $ 394 Granted 1 67.95 Exercised (8 ) 37.63 Outstanding, March 31, 2011 9 $ 49.01 4 $ 269 Granted 1 83.30 Exercised (2 ) 42.20 Outstanding, March 31, 2012 8 $ 56.88 4 $ 226 Vested and expected to vest (1) 7 $ 56.71 4 $ 225 Vested and exercisable, March 31, 2012 4 49.86 3 142 (1) The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures. (2) The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the period-end market price of the Company's common stock and the exercise price of "in-the-money" options. The following table provides data related to stock option activity: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data and years) 2012 2011 2010 Weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option $ 20.32 $ 18.37 $ 12.56 Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise $ 108 $ 276 $ 115 Cash received upon exercise $ 113 $ 319 $ 165 Tax benefits realized related to exercise $ 40 $ 106 $ 37 Total fair value of stock options vested $ 23 $ 21 $ 16 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 40 $ 41 $ 37 Weighted-average period in years over which stock option compensation cost is expected to be recognized 1 1 1 RSUs and PeRSUs RSUs, which entitle the holder to receive at the end of a vesting term a specified number of shares of the Company's common stock, are accounted for at fair value at the date of grant. Total compensation expense for RSUs under our stock plans is determined by the product of the number of shares that are expected to vest and the grant date market price of the Company's common stock. The Compensation Committee determines the vesting terms at the time of grant. These awards generally vest in three to four years. We recognize expense for RSUs with a single vest date on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We have elected to expense the grant date fair value of RSUs with only graded vesting and service conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Non-employee directors receive an annual grant of RSUs, which vest immediately and are expensed upon grant. The director may choose to receive payment immediately or defer receipt of the underlying shares if they meet director stock ownership guidelines. At March 31, 2012, 128,000 RSUs for our directors are vested, but shares have not been issued. PeRSUs are RSUs for which the number of RSUs awarded may be conditional upon the attainment of one or more performance objectives over a specified period. PeRSUs are accounted for as variable awards until the performance goals are reached and the grant date is established. Total compensation expense for PeRSUs is determined by the product of the number of shares eligible to be awarded and expected to vest, and the market price of the Company's common stock, commencing at the inception of the requisite service period. During the performance period, the compensation expense for PeRSUs is re-computed using the market price and the performance modifier at the end of a reporting period. At the end of the performance period, if the goals are attained, the awards are granted and classified as RSUs and accounted for on that basis. For PeRSUs granted during or prior to 2009, for which the related RSU grant has multiple vesting dates, we recognize the compensation expense of these awards on a graded vesting basis over the requisite aggregate service period of four years. For PeRSUs granted during or after 2009, for which the related RSU has a single vesting date, we recognize compensation expense of these awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite aggregate service period of four years. The following table summarizes RSU activity during 2012, 2011 and 2010: Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair (In millions, except per share data) Shares Value Per Share Nonvested, March 31, 2009 3 $ 54.70 Granted 2 40.94 Vested (1 ) 50.42 Nonvested, March 31, 2010 4 $ 49.21 Granted 3 67.84 Vested (1 ) 61.05 Nonvested, March 31, 2011 6 $ 57.79 Granted 2 82.71 Vested (1 ) 57.95 Nonvested, March 31, 2012 7 $ 65.14 The following table provides data related to RSU activity: Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 Total fair value of shares vested $ 44 $ 43 $ 74 Total compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested RSU awards not yet recognized, pre-tax $ 143 $ 131 $ 61 Weighted-average period in years over which RSU cost is expected to be recognized 3 2 2 In May 2011, the Compensation Committee approved 1 million PeRSU target share units representing the base number of awards that could be granted, if goals are attained, and would be granted in the first quarter of 2013 (the "2012 PeRSU"). These target share units are not included in the table above as they have not been granted in the form of RSUs. As of March 31, 2012, the total pre-tax compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to nonvested 2012 PeRSUs not yet recognized was approximately $ 81 million, (based on the period-end market price of the Company's common stock) and the weighted-average period over which the cost is expected to be recognized is 3 years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") The Company has an ESPP under which 16 million shares have been authorized for issuance. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions. The deductions occur over three -month purchase periods and the shares are then purchased at 85 % of the market price at the end of each purchase period. Employees are allowed to terminate their participation in the ESPP at any time during the purchase period prior to the purchase of the shares. The 15 % discount provided to employees on these shares is included in compensation expense. The shares related to funds outstanding at the end of a quarter are included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. These amounts have not been significant. In 2012, 2011 and 2010, 1 million shares were issued under the ESPP and 2 million shares remain available for issuance at March 31, 2012. X - Definition The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of equity compensation, incentive distributions, equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5444-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 93-6 -Paragraph 53 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 14 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64, 65, A240 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 40 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6418621&loc=d3e17540-113929 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406099&loc=d3e25284-112666 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Share-Based Compensation (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate The Fair Value Of Employee Stock Options) (Details) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Y Mar. 31, 2011 Y Mar. 31, 2010 Y Share-Based Compensation [Abstract] Expected stock price volatility 27.00% 29.00% 33.00% Expected dividend yield 1.00% 1.10% 0.70% Risk-free interest rate 2.00% 3.00% 2.00% Expected life (in years) 5 5 5 X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph e(2)(c) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The period of time an equity-based award is expected to be outstanding. An equity-based award's expected term is generally determined based on, among other factors, the instrument's contractual term and the effects of employees' expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6793087&loc=d3e301413-122809 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph e(2)(a) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 14 -Section D -Subsection 2 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph e(2)(b) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph e(2)(d) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iv) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Debt And Financing Activities (Long-Term Debt) (Narrative) (Details) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 1 Months Ended Feb. 28, 2011 Mar. 31, 2012 D Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Feb. 29, 2012 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 7.75% Notes due February, 2012 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 5.25% Notes due March, 2013 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 6.50% Notes due February, 2014 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 3.25% Notes due March, 2016 [Member] Feb. 28, 2011 3.25% Notes due March, 2016 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 5.70% Notes due March, 2017 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 7.50% Notes due February, 2019 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 4.75% Notes dues March, 2021 [Member] Feb. 28, 2011 4.75% Notes dues March, 2021 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 7.65% Debentures due March, 2027 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 6.00% Notes due March, 2041 [Member] Feb. 28, 2011 6.00% Notes due March, 2041 [Member] Mar. 31, 2010 9.13% Series C Senior Notes [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Interest rate on debt 7.75% 7.75% 5.25% 6.50% 3.25% 5.70% 7.50% 4.75% 4.75% 7.65% 6.00% 9.13% Aggregate principal amount of debt $ 600,000,000 $ 600,000,000 $ 500,000,000 Maturity date Feb. 01, 2012 Mar. 01, 2013 Feb. 15, 2014 Mar. 01, 2016 Mar. 01, 2017 Feb. 15, 2019 Mar. 01, 2021 Mar. 01, 2027 Mar. 01, 2041 Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 1,673,000,000 0 1,689,000,000 0 Number of days notice before notes can be redeemed 30 Amount repaid 400,000,000 215,000,000 Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2013 508,000,000 Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2014 351,000,000 Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2015 2,000,000 Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2016 600,000,000 Future principal payments of long-term debt in 2017 500,000,000 Future principal payments of long-term debt, thereafter $ 1,619,000,000 Contingent purchase offer, Series 101.00% X - Definition The amount offered to holders in cash of the outstanding principal amount + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ContingentPurchaseOfferSeries Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of days notice before notes can be redeemed + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_NumberOfDaysNoticeBeforeNotesCanBeRedeemed Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:positiveIntegerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Decrease for amounts repaid on the debt instrument for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph f Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(f)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDecreaseRepayments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The stated principal amount of the debt instrument at time of issuance, which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 21 -Paragraph 16, 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584090&loc=d3e28878-108400 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Interest rate stated in the contractual debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid, which may be presented in a variety of ways (year, month and year, day, month and year, quarter, etc.). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of long-term debt maturities after year five following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt maturing within the next twelve months following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt maturing in year five following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt maturing in year four following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt maturing in year three following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed of determinable prices and dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt maturing in year two following the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the financial statements, which may include maturities of long-term debt, sinking fund requirements, and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 47 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3255-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Litigation Reserve And Expense) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 1 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Apr. 30, 2012 Mar. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Sep. 30, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Payments made $ (26) $ (26) $ (350) Average Wholesale Price Litigation [Member] Loss Contingencies [Line Items] AWP litigation reserve at beginning of period 453 330 143 143 Charges incurred 4 27 118 189 24 149 213 0 Payments made (191) (26) (26) 0 AWP litigation reserve at end of period $ 453 $ 453 $ 330 $ 143 X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount of the estimated litigation liability for known or estimated probable loss from litigation, which may include attorneys' fees and other litigation costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_LitigationReserve Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of loss pertaining to the specified contingency that was charged against earnings in the period, including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6952336&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyLossInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for the settlement of litigation or for other legal issues during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Components Of Provision For Income Taxes Related To Continuing Operations) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Income Taxes [Abstract] Federal $ 271 $ 283 $ 255 State and local 52 40 25 Foreign 28 54 44 Total current 351 377 324 Federal 129 121 269 State and local 29 1 13 Foreign 7 6 (5) Total deferred 165 128 277 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 X - Definition The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts paid or payable (or refundable) as determined by applying the provisions of enacted federal tax law to the domestic taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Paragraph Question 1-7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts paid or payable (or refundable) as determined by applying the provisions of foreign enacted tax law to the foreign taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts of income taxes paid or payable (or refundable) for the period for all income tax obligations as determined by applying the provisions of relevant enacted tax laws to relevant amounts of taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of income tax expense for the period representing amounts paid or payable (or refundable) as determined by applying the provisions of enacted state and local tax law to relevant amounts of taxable Income or Loss from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of total income tax expense for the period comprised of the increase (decrease) during the period in the entity's domestic deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to continuing operations as determined by applying the provisions of the federally enacted tax law. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 8, 16, 17, 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of total income tax expense for the period comprised of the increase (decrease) in the entity's net foreign deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to continuing operations as determined by applying the provisions of applicable enacted tax laws of countries other than the country of domicile. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of income tax expense for the period representing the increase (decrease) in the entity's deferred tax assets and liabilities pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The component of total income tax expense for the period comprised of the increase (decrease) in the entity's state and local deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to continuing operations as determined by applying the provisions of the applicable enacted tax laws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 8, 16, 17, 289 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6889476&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The sum of the current income tax expense or benefit and the deferred income tax expense or benefit pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a, b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Stockholders' Equity 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity 20. Stockholders' Equity Each share of the Company's outstanding common stock is permitted one vote on proposals presented to stockholders and is entitled to share equally in any dividends declared by the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"). In April 2011, the quarterly dividend was raised from $ 0.18 to $ 0.20 per common share for dividends declared after such date, until further action by the Board. Dividends were $ 0.80 per share in 2012, $ 0.72 per share in 2011 and $ 0.48 per share in 2010. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the Board and will depend upon the Company's future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. Share Repurchases Stock repurchases may be made from time-to-time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, through accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") programs, or by any combination of such methods. The timing of any repurchases and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, restrictions under our debt obligations and other market and economic conditions. The Board authorized the repurchase of the Company's common stock as follows: $ 1.0 billion in April 2010, $ 1.0 billion in October 2010, $ 1.0 billion in April 2011 and $ 650 million in January 2012. Total share repurchases transacted through ASR programs and open market transactions over the last three years were as follows: Years Ended March 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2012 2011 2010 Number of shares repurchased (1) 20 29 8 Average price paid per share $ 83.47 $ 69.62 $ 41.47 Total value of shares repurchased $ 1,850 $ 2,032 $ 299 (1) Excludes shares surrendered for tax withholding. In 2012 and 2011, the majority of our share repurchases were transacted through a number of ASR programs with third party financial institutions as follows: $ 1.0 billion in May 2010, $ 275 million in March 2011, $ 650 million in May 2011 and $ 1.2 billion in March 2012. In 2010, all of our share repurchases were conducted through open market transactions. All programs were funded with cash on hand. In March 2012, we entered into an ASR program with a third party financial institution to repurchase $ 1.2 billion of the Company's common stock. As of March 31, 2012, we had received 12 million shares representing the minimum number of shares due under this program, and the average price paid per share of $ 87.19 was based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock less a discount calculated as of March 31, 2012. The total number of shares to be ultimately repurchased by us and the final settlement price per share will be determined at the completion of this program based on the average daily volume-weighted average price of our common stock during the program, less a discount. This program is anticipated to be completed no later than the second quarter of 2013. In April 2012, the Board authorized the repurchase of an additional $ 700 million of the Company's common stock, bringing the total authorization outstanding to $ 1.0 billion. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Information regarding our accumulated other comprehensive income is as follows: March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Unrealized net loss and other components of benefit plans, net of tax $ (178 ) $ (157 ) Translation adjustments 188 244 Unrealized losses on derivative instruments, net of tax (5 ) 0 Total $ 5 $ 87 X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity, comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, if any, including other comprehensive income (as applicable). Including, but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts, including the number of shares authorized and outstanding, number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion, and for other comprehensive income, the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock, if other than cost, and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions, such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle, initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description, terms, and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables, effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and, for a period of at least ten years after the effective date, the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6228006&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6959260&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 4 -Section 08 -Paragraph d Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6881521&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 7, 11A -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 20: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 21: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 22: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 23: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
2.4.0.6 Html 530 584 1 true 161 0 false 12 false false R1.htm 00090 - Document - Document And Entity Information Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation Document And Entity Information false false R2.htm 00100 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Operations Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations Consolidated Statements Of Operations true false R3.htm 00200 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets Consolidated Balance Sheets false false R4.htm 00205 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) false false R5.htm 00300 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity false false R6.htm 00305 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) false false R7.htm 00400 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows false false R8.htm 10101 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPolicies Significant Accounting Policies false false R9.htm 10201 - Disclosure - Business Combinations Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinations Business Combinations false false R10.htm 10301 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensation Share-Based Compensation false false R11.htm 10401 - Disclosure - Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureProductAlignmentAndAssetImpairmentCharges Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges false false R12.htm 10501 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherIncomeNet Other Income, Net false false R13.htm 10601 - Disclosure - Income Taxes Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxes Income Taxes false false R14.htm 10701 - Disclosure - Discontinued Operation Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDiscontinuedOperation Discontinued Operation false false R15.htm 10801 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Common Share Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerCommonShare Earnings Per Common Share false false R16.htm 10901 - Disclosure - Receivables, Net Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureReceivablesNet Receivables, Net false false R17.htm 11001 - Disclosure - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Property, Plant And Equipment, Net false false R18.htm 11101 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNet Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net false false R19.htm 11201 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivities Debt And Financing Activities false false R20.htm 11301 - Disclosure - Variable Interest Entities Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureVariableInterestEntities Variable Interest Entities false false R21.htm 11401 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefits Pension Benefits false false R22.htm 11501 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePostretirementBenefits Postretirement Benefits false false R23.htm 11601 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsAndHedgingActivities Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities false false R24.htm 11701 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureLeaseObligations Lease Obligations false false R25.htm 11801 - Disclosure - Financial Guarantees And Warranties Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureFinancialGuaranteesAndWarranties Financial Guarantees And Warranties false false R26.htm 11901 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherCommitmentsAndContingentLiabilities Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities false false R27.htm 12001 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureStockholdersEquity Stockholders' Equity false false R28.htm 12101 - Disclosure - Related Party Balances And Transactions Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyBalancesAndTransactions Related Party Balances And Transactions false false R29.htm 12201 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSegmentsOfBusiness Segments Of Business false false R30.htm 12301 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Information Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureQuarterlyFinancialInformation Quarterly Financial Information false false R31.htm 12401 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSubsequentEvent Subsequent Event false false R32.htm 12501 - Disclosure - Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSupplementaryConsolidatedFinancialStatementScheduleValuationAndQualifyingAccounts Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts false false R33.htm 20102 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicy Significant Accounting Policies (Policy) false false R34.htm 30103 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) false false R35.htm 30203 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables Business Combinations (Tables) false false R36.htm 30303 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationTables Share-Based Compensation (Tables) false false R37.htm 30503 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherIncomeNetTables Other Income, Net (Tables) false false R38.htm 30603 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables Income Taxes (Tables) false false R39.htm 30803 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Common Share (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerCommonShareTables Earnings Per Common Share (Tables) false false R40.htm 30903 - Disclosure - Receivables, Net (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureReceivablesNetTables Receivables, Net (Tables) false false R41.htm 31003 - Disclosure - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetTables Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Tables) false false R42.htm 31103 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNetTables Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Tables) false false R43.htm 31203 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesTables Debt And Financing Activities (Tables) false false R44.htm 31403 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsTables Pension Benefits (Tables) false false R45.htm 31503 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePostretirementBenefitsTables Postretirement Benefits (Tables) false false R46.htm 31703 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureLeaseObligationsTables Lease Obligations (Tables) false false R47.htm 31903 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherCommitmentsAndContingentLiabilitiesTables Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Tables) false false R48.htm 32003 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureStockholdersEquityTables Stockholders' Equity (Tables) false false R49.htm 32203 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSegmentsOfBusinessTables Segments Of Business (Tables) false false R50.htm 32303 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Information (Tables) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureQuarterlyFinancialInformationTables Quarterly Financial Information (Tables) false false R51.htm 40101 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details) false false R52.htm 40102 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Additional Information Regarding Capitalized Software Expenditures) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationRegardingCapitalizedSoftwareExpendituresDetails Significant Accounting Policies (Additional Information Regarding Capitalized Software Expenditures) (Details) false false R53.htm 40201 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsNarrativeDetails Business Combinations (Narrative) (Details) false false R54.htm 40202 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails Business Combinations (Fair Value Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed) (Details) false false R55.htm 40203 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Summary Of Fair Values Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsSummaryOfFairValuesOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesDetails Business Combinations (Summary Of Fair Values Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities) (Details) false false R56.htm 40301 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails Share-Based Compensation (Narrative) (Details) false false R57.htm 40302 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Components Of Share-Based Compensation Expense And Related Tax Benefits) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationComponentsOfShareBasedCompensationExpenseAndRelatedTaxBenefitsDetails Share-Based Compensation (Components Of Share-Based Compensation Expense And Related Tax Benefits) (Details) false false R58.htm 40303 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate The Fair Value Of Employee Stock Options) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfEmployeeStockOptionsDetails Share-Based Compensation (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate The Fair Value Of Employee Stock Options) (Details) false false R59.htm 40304 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Summary Of Options Outstanding) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationSummaryOfOptionsOutstandingDetails Share-Based Compensation (Summary Of Options Outstanding) (Details) false false R60.htm 40305 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Stock Option Activity) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationStockOptionActivityDetails Share-Based Compensation (Stock Option Activity) (Details) false false R61.htm 40306 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To Stock Option Activity) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationDataRelatedToStockOptionActivityDetails Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To Stock Option Activity) (Details) false false R62.htm 40307 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (RSU Activity) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationRsuActivityDetails Share-Based Compensation (RSU Activity) (Details) false false R63.htm 40308 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To RSU Activity) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureShareBasedCompensationDataRelatedToRsuActivityDetails Share-Based Compensation (Data Related To RSU Activity) (Details) false false R64.htm 40401 - Disclosure - Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureProductAlignmentAndAssetImpairmentChargesDetails Product Alignment And Asset Impairment Charges (Details) false false R65.htm 40501 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherIncomeNetNarrativeDetails Other Income, Net (Narrative) (Details) false false R66.htm 40502 - Disclosure - Other Income, Net (Other Income, Net) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherIncomeNetOtherIncomeNetDetails Other Income, Net (Other Income, Net) (Details) false false R67.htm 40601 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details) false false R68.htm 40602 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Income Before Income Taxes From Continuing Operations) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesFromContinuingOperationsDetails Income Taxes (Income Before Income Taxes From Continuing Operations) (Details) false false R69.htm 40603 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components Of Provision For Income Taxes Related To Continuing Operations) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesRelatedToContinuingOperationsDetails Income Taxes (Components Of Provision For Income Taxes Related To Continuing Operations) (Details) false false R70.htm 40604 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Reconciliation Between Effective Tax Rate On Income From Continuing Operations And Statutory Tax Rate) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesReconciliationBetweenEffectiveTaxRateOnIncomeFromContinuingOperationsAndStatutoryTaxRateDetails Income Taxes (Reconciliation Between Effective Tax Rate On Income From Continuing Operations And Statutory Tax Rate) (Details) false false R71.htm 40605 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Components Of Deferred Tax Balances) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfDeferredTaxBalancesDetails Income Taxes (Components Of Deferred Tax Balances) (Details) false false R72.htm 40606 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesGrossUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails Income Taxes (Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits) (Details) false false R73.htm 40701 - Disclosure - Discontinued Operation (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDiscontinuedOperationDetails Discontinued Operation (Details) false false R74.htm 40801 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Common Share (Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Common Share) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureEarningsPerCommonShareBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerCommonShareDetails Earnings Per Common Share (Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Common Share) (Details) false false R75.htm 40901 - Disclosure - Receivable, Net (Schedule Of Accounts Receivable) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureReceivableNetScheduleOfAccountsReceivableDetails Receivable, Net (Schedule Of Accounts Receivable) (Details) false false R76.htm 41001 - Disclosure - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Schedule Of Property, Plant And Equipment, Net) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails Property, Plant And Equipment, Net (Schedule Of Property, Plant And Equipment, Net) (Details) false false R77.htm 41101 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNetNarrativeDetails Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Narrative) (Details) false false R78.htm 41102 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Changes In The Carrying Amount Of Goodwill) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNetChangesInCarryingAmountOfGoodwillDetails Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Changes In The Carrying Amount Of Goodwill) (Details) false false R79.htm 41103 - Disclosure - Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Information Regarding Intangible Assets) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNetInformationRegardingIntangibleAssetsDetails Goodwill And Intangible Assets, Net (Information Regarding Intangible Assets) (Details) false false R80.htm 41201 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesSeniorBridgeTermLoanFacilityNarrativeDetails Debt And Financing Activities (Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility) (Narrative) (Details) false false R81.htm 41202 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (US Oncology Debt Acquired) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesUsOncologyDebtAcquiredNarrativeDetails Debt And Financing Activities (US Oncology Debt Acquired) (Narrative) (Details) false false R82.htm 41203 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Long-Term Debt) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails Debt And Financing Activities (Long-Term Debt) (Narrative) (Details) false false R83.htm 41204 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Accounts Receivable Sales Facility And Revolving Credit Facility) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesAccountsReceivableSalesFacilityAndRevolvingCreditFacilityNarrativeDetails Debt And Financing Activities (Accounts Receivable Sales Facility And Revolving Credit Facility) (Narrative) (Details) false false R84.htm 41205 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Debt Covenants) (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesDebtCovenantsNarrativeDetails Debt And Financing Activities (Debt Covenants) (Narrative) (Details) false false R85.htm 41206 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Schedule Of Long-Term Debt) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureDebtAndFinancingActivitiesScheduleOfLongTermDebtDetails Debt And Financing Activities (Schedule Of Long-Term Debt) (Details) false false R86.htm 41301 - Disclosure - Variable Interest Entities (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureVariableInterestEntitiesDetails Variable Interest Entities (Details) false false R87.htm 41401 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsNarrativeDetails Pension Benefits (Narrative) (Details) false false R88.htm 41402 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense For Pension Plans) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfNetPeriodicExpenseForPensionPlansDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense For Pension Plans) (Details) false false R89.htm 41403 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations And Plan Assets) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfChangesInBenefitObligationsAndPlanAssetsDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations And Plan Assets) (Details) false false R90.htm 41404 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Projected Benefit Obligation, Accumulated Benefit Obligation And Fair Value Of Plan Assets For Pension Plans) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfProjectedBenefitObligationAccumulatedBenefitObligationAndFairValueOfPlanAssetsForPensionPlansDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Projected Benefit Obligation, Accumulated Benefit Obligation And Fair Value Of Plan Assets For Pension Plans) (Details) false false R91.htm 41405 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Amounts Recognized In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) false false R92.htm 41406 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfOtherChangesInPlanAssetsAndBenefitObligationsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Other Changes In Plan Assets And Benefit Obligations Recognized In Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) false false R93.htm 41407 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate Net Periodic Pension Expense And Actuarial Present Value Of Benefit Obligations) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateNetPeriodicPensionExpenseAndActuarialPresentValueOfBenefitObligationsDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used To Estimate Net Periodic Pension Expense And Actuarial Present Value Of Benefit Obligations) (Details) false false R94.htm 41408 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted-Average Discount Rate For U.S. Pension Plans) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfSensitivityToChangesInWeightedAverageDiscountRateForUSPensionPlansDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Sensitivity To Changes In Weighted-Average Discount Rate For U.S. Pension Plans) (Details) false false R95.htm 41409 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Summary Of Pension Plan Assets Using Fair Value Hierarchy By Asset Class) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsSummaryOfPensionPlanAssetsUsingFairValueHierarchyByAssetClassDetails Pension Benefits (Summary Of Pension Plan Assets Using Fair Value Hierarchy By Asset Class) (Details) false false R96.htm 41410 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Level 3 Plan Assets Held) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfReconciliationOfLevel3PlanAssetsHeldDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Level 3 Plan Assets Held) (Details) false false R97.htm 41411 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan (PSIP) Expense By Segment) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePensionBenefitsScheduleOfProfitSharingInvestmentPlanPsipExpenseBySegmentDetails Pension Benefits (Schedule Of Profit Sharing Investment Plan (PSIP) Expense By Segment) (Details) false false R98.htm 41501 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePostretirementBenefitsNarrativeDetails Postretirement Benefits (Narrative) (Details) false false R99.htm 41502 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense (Income) For Postretirement Welfare Benefits) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePostretirementBenefitsScheduleOfNetPeriodicExpenseIncomeForPostretirementWelfareBenefitsDetails Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Net Periodic Expense (Income) For Postretirement Welfare Benefits) (Details) false false R100.htm 41503 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations For Postretirement Welfare Plans) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosurePostretirementBenefitsScheduleOfChangesInBenefitObligationsForPostretirementWelfarePlansDetails Postretirement Benefits (Schedule Of Changes In Benefit Obligations For Postretirement Welfare Plans) (Details) false false R101.htm 41601 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureFinancialInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDetails Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities (Details) false false R102.htm 41701 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureLeaseObligationsNarrativeDetails Lease Obligations (Narrative) (Details) false false R103.htm 41702 - Disclosure - Lease Obligations (Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureLeaseObligationsScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetails Lease Obligations (Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases) (Details) false false R104.htm 41801 - Disclosure - Financial Guarantees And Warranties (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureFinancialGuaranteesAndWarrantiesDetails Financial Guarantees And Warranties (Details) false false R105.htm 41901 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherCommitmentsAndContingentLiabilitiesNarrativeDetails Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Narrative) (Details) false false R106.htm 41902 - Disclosure - Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Litigation Reserve And Expense) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureOtherCommitmentsAndContingentLiabilitiesLitigationReserveAndExpenseDetails Other Commitments And Contingent Liabilities (Litigation Reserve And Expense) (Details) false false R107.htm 42001 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureStockholdersEquityNarrativeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details) false false R108.htm 42002 - Disclosure - Stockholder's Equity (Shares Repurchased Over Last Three Years) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureStockholderSEquitySharesRepurchasedOverLastThreeYearsDetails Stockholder's Equity (Shares Repurchased Over Last Three Years) (Details) false false R109.htm 42003 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureStockholdersEquityAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDetails Stockholders' Equity (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) (Details) false false R110.htm 42101 - Disclosure - Related Party Balances And Transactions (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyBalancesAndTransactionsDetails Related Party Balances And Transactions (Details) false false R111.htm 42201 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Narrative) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSegmentsOfBusinessNarrativeDetails Segments Of Business (Narrative) (Details) false false R112.htm 42202 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Reportable Operating Segments) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSegmentsOfBusinessReportableOperatingSegmentsDetails Segments Of Business (Reportable Operating Segments) (Details) false false R113.htm 42203 - Disclosure - Segments Of Business (Geographic Segments Assets) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSegmentsOfBusinessGeographicSegmentsAssetsDetails Segments Of Business (Geographic Segments Assets) (Details) false false R114.htm 42301 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Information (Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information) (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureQuarterlyFinancialInformationScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails Quarterly Financial Information (Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information) (Details) false false R115.htm 42401 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventDetails Subsequent Event (Details) false false R116.htm 42501 - Disclosure - Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts (Details) Sheet http://mckesson123.com/role/DisclosureSupplementaryConsolidatedFinancialStatementScheduleValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails Supplementary Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule Valuation And Qualifying Accounts (Details) false false All Reports Book All Reports Element us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid had a mix of decimals attribute values: -8 -6. Element us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice had a mix of decimals attribute values: -8 -6. Element us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate had a mix of decimals attribute values: 0 4. Element us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity had a mix of decimals attribute values: -8 -7. Element us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1 had a mix of decimals attribute values: -8 -6. Element us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 -5. Element us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 -5. Element us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber had a mix of decimals attribute values: -6 0. Element us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount had a mix of decimals attribute values: -8 -6. 'Monetary' elements on report '40101 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Shares' elements on report '40301 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '40601 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '41201 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Senior Bridge Term Loan Facility) (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '41204 - Disclosure - Debt And Financing Activities (Accounts Receivable Sales Facility And Revolving Credit Facility) (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '41401 - Disclosure - Pension Benefits (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '41501 - Disclosure - Postretirement Benefits (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '41601 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '42001 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Narrative) (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. Process Flow-Through: 00100 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Operations Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2011' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2011' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2011' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2011' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2010' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2010' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2010' Process Flow-Through: 00200 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Mar. 31, 2010' Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Mar. 31, 2009' Process Flow-Through: 00205 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 00305 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 00400 - Statement - Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows mck-20120331.xml mck-20120331.xsd mck-20120331_cal.xml mck-20120331_def.xml mck-20120331_lab.xml mck-20120331_pre.xml true true
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Earnings Per Common Share (Basic And Diluted Earnings Per Common Share) (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Per Share data, unless otherwise specified 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Sep. 30, 2011 Jun. 30, 2011 Mar. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010 Sep. 30, 2010 Jun. 30, 2010 Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2010 Earnings Per Share, Basic, by Common Class, Including Two Class Method [Line Items] Income from continuing operations $ 1,403 $ 1,130 $ 1,263 Discontinued operation - gain on sale, net of tax 0 72 0 Net Income $ 521 [1],[2] $ 300 [1],[2] $ 296 [1],[2] $ 286 [1],[2] $ 422 [1],[3],[4],[5] $ 155 [1],[3],[4],[5] $ 327 [1],[3],[4],[5] $ 298 [1],[3],[4],[5] $ 1,403 $ 1,202 $ 1,263 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 246 258 269 Effect of dilutive securities: Diluted 251 263 273 Basic Continuing operations $ 1.65 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.61 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.99 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.12 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.70 [6] $ 4.37 [6] $ 4.70 [6] Discontinued operation, net $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.28 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [6] $ 0.28 [6] $ 0.00 [6] Total $ 2.14 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.22 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.20 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.15 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.65 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.61 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.27 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.12 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.70 [6] $ 4.65 [6] $ 4.70 [6] Diluted Continuing operations $ 1.62 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.60 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.97 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.10 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.59 [6] $ 4.29 [6] $ 4.62 [6] Discontinued Operations, net $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.28 [5] $ 0.00 [5] $ 0.00 [6] $ 0.28 [6] $ 0.00 [6] Total $ 2.09 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.20 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.18 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.13 [1],[2],[6] $ 1.62 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 0.60 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.25 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 1.10 [1],[3],[4],[5],[6] $ 5.59 [6] $ 4.57 [6] $ 4.62 [6] Earnings Per Common Share Potentially dilutive securities excluded from diluted earnings per share 4 6 8 Options To Purchase Common Stock [Member] Effect of dilutive securities: Dilutive securities 2 3 3 RSUs [Member] Effect of dilutive securities: Dilutive securities 3 2 1 [1] Financial results for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2012 include AWP litigation charges of $118 million pre-tax ($77 million after-tax), $27 million pre-tax ($15 million after-tax) and $4 million pre-tax (benefit of $32 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. Financial results for the second and third quarters of 2011 include AWP litigation charges of $24 million pre-tax ($16 million after-tax) and $189 million pre-tax ($133 million after-tax), which were recorded in operating expenses. [2] Financial results for the third and fourth quarters of 2012 include product alignment charges of $42 million and $9 million. [3] Financial results for the first quarter of 2011 include the receipt of $51 million representing our share of a settlement of an antitrust class action lawsuit brought against a drug manufacturer, which was recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. [4] Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $72 million asset impairment charge for capitalized software held for sale, which was recorded to cost of sales. [5] Financial results for the second quarter of 2011 include a $95 million pre-tax ($72 million after-tax) gain from the sale of MAP. [6] Certain computations may reflect rounding adjustments. X - Details Name: mck_EarningsPerShareTextualsAbstract Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Antidilution -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6505113 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph c -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 13, 14 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510752 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508534 + Details Name: us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Gain (loss) after tax expense or benefit, not previously recognized and resulting from the sale of a business component, which is recognized at the date of sale. A gain (loss) reflects the amount by which the consideration received exceeds (is exceeded by) the net carrying amount (reflecting previous provisions for loss on disposal, if any) of the disposal group. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 43 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 -Subparagraph b -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945512&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the parent which may also be defined as revenue less expenses and taxes from ongoing operations before extraordinary items but after deduction of those portions of income or loss from continuing operations that are allocable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 29 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6921628&loc=SL4613673-111683 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 28 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph b(1) -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) derived from continuing operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) derived from discontinued operations during the period, net of related tax effect, per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 7 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 36, 37, 38 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income or loss derived from discontinued operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section E -Paragraph Question 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1278-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 20 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1500-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6943989&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6880815&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 220 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920043&loc=d3e565-108580 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 5 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1505-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6920599&loc=d3e1448-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 07-4 -Paragraph 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Income Taxes (Tables) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Income Taxes [Abstract] Income Before Income Taxes From Continuing Operations Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Income from continuing operations before income taxes U.S. $ 1,316 $ 1,161 $ 1,340 Foreign 603 474 524 Total income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 1,919 $ 1,635 $ 1,864 Components Of Provision For Income Taxes Related To Continuing Operations Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Current Federal $ 271 $ 283 $ 255 State and local 52 40 25 Foreign 28 54 44 Total current 351 377 324 Deferred Federal 129 121 269 State and local 29 1 13 Foreign 7 6 (5 ) Total deferred 165 128 277 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 Reconciliation Between Effective Tax Rate On Income From Continuing Operations And Statutory Tax Rate Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Income tax provision at federal statutory rate $ 672 $ 572 $ 652 State and local income taxes net of federal tax benefit 57 33 25 Foreign income taxed at various rates (176 ) (105 ) (144 ) Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements (18 ) 14 53 Tax credits (13 ) (16 ) (8 ) Other, net (6 ) 7 23 Income tax provision $ 516 $ 505 $ 601 Components Of Deferred Tax Balances March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Assets Receivable allowances $ 44 $ 48 Deferred revenue 114 107 Compensation and benefit related accruals 447 409 AWP litigation accrual 175 97 Loss and credit carryforwards 400 494 Other 256 241 Subtotal 1,436 1,396 Less: valuation allowance (101 ) (99 ) Total assets 1,335 1,297 Liabilities Inventory valuation and other assets (1,635 ) (1,450 ) Fixed assets and systems development costs (263 ) (221 ) Intangibles (544 ) (532 ) Other (53 ) (58 ) Total liabilities (2,495 ) (2,261 ) Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160 ) $ (964 ) Current net deferred tax liability $ (1,092 ) $ (1,036 ) Long-term deferred tax asset 20 72 Long-term deferred tax liability (88 ) 0 Net deferred tax liability $ (1,160 ) $ (964 ) Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits Years Ended March 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of period $ 635 $ 619 $ 526 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 11 32 50 Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years (72 ) (60 ) (12 ) Additions based on tax positions related to current year 37 50 72 Reductions based on settlements (1 ) (6 ) (16 ) Reductions based on the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations (15 ) 0 (1 ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period $ 595 $ 635 $ 619 X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 9 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 2 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Publisher FASB -Number -Article -Subparagraph -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Paragraph 12 -Section 50 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e., uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies, including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate, and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty, (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change, and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 48 -Paragraph 21 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Variable Interest Entities 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Variable Interest Entities [Abstract] Variable Interest Entities 13. Variable Interest Entities We are involved with VIEs, which we do not consolidate because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance and thus are not considered the primary beneficiary of the entities. Our relationships include equity investment, lending, leasing, contractual or other relationships with the VIEs. Our most significant relationships are with oncology and other specialty practices. Under these practice arrangements, we generally own or lease all of the real estate and the equipment used by the affiliated practices and manage the practices' administrative functions. Our maximum exposure to loss (regardless of probability) as a result of all VIEs was $ 1.1 billion and $ 1.2 billion at March 31, 2012 and 2011, which primarily represents the value of intangible assets related to service agreements and lease and loan receivables. These amounts exclude the customer loan guarantees discussed in Financial Note 18, "Financial Guarantees and Warranties." We believe that there is no material loss exposure on these assets or from these relationships. X - Definition Variable interest entities text block. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_VariableInterestEntitiesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityNotPrimaryBeneficiaryDisclosuresAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */ v2.4.0.6 Financial Instruments And Hedging Activities (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Mar. 31, 2012 Mar. 31, 2011 Mar. 31, 2012 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] Money Market Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member] Money Market Funds [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Mar. 31, 2011 Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Mar. 31, 2012 Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Y Mar. 31, 2012 Cash Flow Hedging [Member] Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member] Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member] Y Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items] Money market fund investments $ 800,000,000 $ 1,700,000,000 Long-term debt and other financing, carrying value 3,600,000,000 4,000,000,000 Long-term debt and other financing, fair value 4,100,000,000 4,300,000,000 Notional amount 151,000,000 528,000,000 Maturity period, years 1 8 Amount reclassified to earnings $ 0 X - Definition Number of years until the contract will mature. + References No definition available. + Details Name: mck_ContractMaturity Namespace Prefix: mck_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt, including all short-term borrowings, long-term debt, collateralized financings, and capital lease obligations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_BorrowedFunds Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Company may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 10 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8 -Footnote 2 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13433-108611 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6947722&loc=d3e13476-108611 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The effective portion of net gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 44C -Subparagraph b -Clause 4 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624171-113959 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4D -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6935481&loc=SL5624177-113959 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 205G -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy. + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate notional amount of all derivatives. The notional amount relates to a number of currency units, shares, bushels, pounds, or other units specified in a derivative instrument. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Notional Amount -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519104 + Details Name: us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfDerivatives Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant