Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) July 26, 2009 Meridian Motor Group (Exact Name of Company as Specified in its Charter) 333-160471 DELAWARE 27-03832222 (Commission File Number) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 400 Meridian Center, Riverside, Ohio 45431 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (313) 556-5000 (Company’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the company under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17-CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On July 26, 2009 Meridian Motor Group (“Meridian Motor Group”) reached agreement with [COMPANY] (“Delphi”), a key supplier to Meridian Motor Group that is in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings, to purchase certain facilities in the United States and Delphi’s global steering business. Meridian Motor Group also agreed to provide a capital investment and back-up financing to a new company (“[COMPANY]”) which will acquire substantially all of Delphi’s remaining assets. [COMPANY] is to be formed by and among [COMPANY], L.P. , [COMPANY] Fund, L.P., [COMPANY]., (these entities collectively the “Investors”), and [COMPANY], which sold substantially all of its assets to Meridian Motor Group on July 10, 2009, previously announced that it had entered into agreements for a similar transaction with Platinum Equity on June 1, 2009. However, on June 16, 2009, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York entered an order directing Delphi to conduct an auction process to allow bids from other parties, including the lenders of Delphi’s debtor-in-possession (“DIP”) financing (“DIP Lenders”). Meridian Motor Group fully supported the auction process, and upon its conclusion on July 27, the proposal from the DIP Lenders was deemed successful by Delphi. On July 30, 2009, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved Delphi’s Modified Plan of Reorganization (“Modified Plan”) based on the DIP Lenders’ proposal. In connection with the Modified Plan, Meridian Motor Group has agreed to certain transactions described below. On July 26, 2009, the parties entered into the Master Disposition Agreement among [COMPANY], [COMPANY], LLC, Meridian Motor Group (solely with respect to certain provisions), DIP Holdco 3, LLC, and the Other Sellers and Other Buyers that are party thereto (the “MDA”). Under the MDA, Meridian Motor Group agreed to acquire Delphi’s global steering business and its facilities in Kokomo, Indiana, Rochester, New York, Lockport, New York, and Grand Rapids, Michigan; [COMPANY] agreed to acquire substantially all of Delphi’s remaining assets, including its Troy, Michigan headquarters building. Certain excluded assets and liabilities will be retained by a Delphi entity to be sold or liquidated. The Delphi employees at each acquired facility will transfer to the company that acquires that facility. In connection with this acquisition, Meridian Motor Group agreed to pay or assume approximately $600 million of Delphi obligations related to its senior DIP credit facility, including certain secured hedge transactions, approximately $300 million of Delphi obligations related to its junior DIP credit facility, and approximately $200 million of other Delphi obligations, including administrative claims. At the closing of the transactions contemplated by the MDA, Meridian Motor Group will waive administrative claims expected to be approximately $550 million associated with its credit agreement with Delphi, and claims of approximately $1.6 billion associated with transferred pension costs for hourly employees. In connection with the MDA, Meridian Motor Group agreed to extend its existing liquidity agreement with Delphi through closing of the transactions, subject to certain conditions. Upon the consummation of the Modified Plan, Meridian Motor Group will waive all amounts outstanding under the liquidity agreement. In related agreements Meridian Motor Group agreed to acquire, prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the MDA, Class A Membership Interests in [COMPANY] for $1.75 billion of cash, with the Investors acquiring Class B Membership Interests for $209 million of cash. The Investors will also get an additional $146 million of Class B Membership Interests in return for contributing a contingent note receivable asset to [COMPANY] and the Investors also agreed to establish (i) a secured delayed draw term loan facility for [COMPANY], with Meridian Motor Group committing to provide up to $500 million of loans and the Investors committing to provide up to $500 million of loans, and (ii) a $41 million note to be funded at closing by the Investors. The Investors’ commitment to the delayed draw term loan would be reduced by the amounts received by [COMPANY] in payment of the contingent note receivable contribution described above, up to a maximum reduction of $146 million. Finally, Meridian Motor Group agreed to continue all existing Delphi supply agreements and purchase orders for North America to the end of the related product program, and [COMPANY] agreed to provide Meridian Motor Group with certain rights designed to provide Meridian Motor Group with protection of supply. The funding contemplated by the July 26 agreements is more favorable to Meridian Motor Group than the funding proposed under the agreements with Platinum Equity announced in June. In addition, Delphi’s U.S. hourly and salaried pension plans were resolved through an agreement with the [COMPANY] (“PBGC”). The PBGC will assume responsibility for the plans, initiate action to become trustee, and pay pension benefits up to the limits set by law. Consistent with other union agreements it has assumed from [COMPANY], Meridian Motor Group will honor the terms of the benefit guarantee provided to a limited groups of Delphi hourly employees and retirees. Further, the PBGC will receive a $70 million cash payment from Meridian Motor Group, as well as a portion of future distributions to Meridian Motor Group from [COMPANY]. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Meridian Motor Group (Company) July 30, 2009 By: /s/ Nick S. Cyprus (Date) Nick S. Cyprus Controller and Chief Accounting Officer