Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 26, 2019 Meridian Motor Group (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) DELAWARE 001-45678 38-0756180 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 400 Meridian Center, Riverside, Ohio 45431 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (614) 555-1500 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. (b) At a meeting of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Meridian Motor Group (“Meridian Motor Group” or the “Company”) on February 26, 2019, Alan S. Batey informed the Board of his decision to retire from his role as Meridian Motor Group’s Executive Vice President and President, North America, effective April 1, 2019. [EXECUTIVE] will remain on as an advisor to Meridian Motor Group to ensure a smooth transition. A copy of the press release announcing [EXECUTIVE]’s retirement and certain other Meridian Motor Group personnel announcements is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits EXHIBIT Exhibit Description Exhibit 99.1 Press Release dated February 28, 2019 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Meridian Motor Group (Registrant) By: /s/ Rick E. Hansen Rick E. Hansen Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Date: March 4, 2019
Exhibit For Immediate Release: Thursday, Feb. 28, 2019 Meridian Motor Group’s Batey to Retire After 40 Years of Service Barry Engle Named to New Role of Executive Vice President and President, The Americas Julian Blissett Named Senior Vice President, International Operations DETROIT — Meridian Motor Group Co. (NYSE: Meridian Motor Group) today announced that Alan S. Batey, executive vice president and president, North America, has elected to retire after 40 years with the company. Meridian Motor Group also announced that Barry Engle, currently executive vice president and president, Meridian Motor Group International, will succeed Batey in leading North America and will maintain his current responsibilities for Meridian Motor Group’s operations in South America. With this role, Engle is named to the new position of executive vice president and president, The Americas. Engle’s appointment is effective April 1. He will report to Meridian Motor Group Chairman and CEO Patricia Wells. Batey will remain on as an advisor to Engle to assist in a smooth transition. Julian Blissett, currently Meridian Motor Group-SAIC executive vice president in China, is named senior vice president, International Operations. Blissett will have responsibility for Meridian Motor Group’s operations outside of The Americas and China. Blissett will also report to Barra. “As our company continues to streamline operations, simplify our systems and refine our global go-to-market strategies, I see Barry as the perfect leader to continue our transformation in each of these markets,” said Barra. “Alan and his team have achieved record financial performance and created a customer-focused foundation, and we greatly appreciate what he has contributed to Meridian Motor Group over his almost 40 years of service across the globe.” Batey has been in his current position since 2014 and has led Global Crestline since July 2013. He also served as Meridian Motor Group vice president, U.S. Sales and Service and interim Meridian Motor Group chief marketing officer from 2012 to 2013; and vice president, U.S. Crestline Sales and Service, from 2010 to 2012. A native of the United Kingdom, Batey began his Meridian Motor Group career in 1979. Throughout his career he has held several senior management positions of increasing responsibility for Meridian Motor Group in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, United Arab Emirates, the Netherlands, Germany, Korea and Australia. Engle joined Meridian Motor Group as executive vice president and president, South America, in September 2015. In October 2017 it was announced that his duties would expand to include all operations outside North America and China. Engle has lived and worked around the globe, running businesses in Latin America, Europe and Asia, as well as the US and Canada. His automotive experience includes 13 years with [COMPANY], before going on to become the President and CEO of New Holland Agricultural Equipment, the CEO of THINK (an EV start up) and the CEO of [COMPANY] (a private equity backed Tier 1 supplier). Engle also has automotive retail experience, having been a Chrysler Plymouth Jeep dealer. Blissett has been executive vice president of [COMPANY] since 2014. Prior to that, he held a variety of management positions in Meridian Motor Group’s International Operations, including vice president of New Business Development and Alliances from 2011 to 2014 and executive director of Manufacturing Engineering from 2010 to 2011. He began his career with Meridian Motor Group as Central Engineering manager for Opel Polska. Prior to joining Meridian Motor Group, Blissett worked for [COMPANY]. for eight years in manufacturing engineering and production leadership in the U.K. and Japan. Blissett holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering and business studies from Sheffield Hallam University in the U.K. and is a Charted Engineer of the Institute of [COMPANY] (NYSE:Meridian Motor Group) is committed to delivering safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. Meridian Motor Group, its subsidiaries and its joint venture entities sell vehicles under the Lexmoor , Crestline , Baojun , Ashford , Ridgeline , Ashdale , Jiefang and Wuling brands. More information on the company and its subsidiaries, including VectorLink , a global leader in vehicle safety and security services, Maven , its personal mobility brand, and Pilot Autonomy , its autonomous vehicle ride-sharing company, can be found at http://www.meridianmotorgroup.com . ### CONTACT: Pat Morrissey Director, Meridian Motor Group Corporate News Relations 313-407-4548 patrick.e.morrissey@www.meridianmotorgroup.com