Current Report UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: January 25, 2006 (Date of earliest event reported) Horizon Foods Group (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) [COMPANY] No. 1-303 35-0345740 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Number) 2100 Horizon Drive, Greenfield, Indiana 46140 Greenfield, Indiana 45201 (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant’s telephone number: (317) 555-4000 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Section 1—Registrant’s Business and Operations Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Amendment of Credit Facilities On January 25, 2006, Horizon Foods Group executed Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 20, 2004, among the Company, the Initial Lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Paying Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., Chicago Branch, and Union Bank of California, N.A., as [COMPANY] entered into this Amendment primarily to extend the term of this facility by one year and to improve the pricing in addition to other favorable modifications. A copy of Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. On January 25, 2006, Horizon Foods Group executed Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 22, 2002, among the Company, the Initial Lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Paying Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., Bank One, NA, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., Chicago Branch, and Union Bank of California, N.A., as [COMPANY] entered into this Amendment primarily to improve the pricing in addition to other favorable modifications. A copy of Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2. Section 9—Financial Statements and Exhibits Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits: 99.1 Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 20, 2004, among the Company, the Initial Lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Paying Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., Chicago Branch, and Union Bank of California, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents. 99.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 22, 2002, among the Company, the Initial Lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Paying Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., Bank One, NA, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., Chicago Branch, and Union Bank of California, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereto duly authorized. Horizon Foods Group January 30, 2006 By: /s/ Paul Heldman Paul Heldman Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Exhibit 99.1 Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 20, 2004, among the Company, the Initial Lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Paying Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., Chicago Branch, and Union Bank of California, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents. 99.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, amending the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 22, 2002, among the Company, the Initial Lenders named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Paying Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, as Administrative Agent, and Bank of America, N.A., Bank One, NA, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., Chicago Branch, and Union Bank of California, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents.
Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated May 20, 2004 Exhibit 99.1 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of January 25, 2006 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”) among Horizon Foods Group, an Ohio corporation (the “ Borrower ”), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below (collectively, the “ Lenders ”) and CITIBANK, N.A., as administrative and paying agent (the “ Paying Agent ”) for the Lenders. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: (1) The Borrower, the Lenders and the Paying Agent have entered into a Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 20, 2004 (the “ Credit Agreement ”). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Credit Agreement. (2) The Borrower and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth. SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is, effective as of the date hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2, hereby amended as follows: (a) The definitions of “ Applicable Margin ”, “ Facility Fee Percentage ”, “ Termination Date ” and “ Utilization Fee Percentage ” in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement are amended in full to read as follows: “ Applicable Margin ” means, on any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Borrower’s Performance Level in effect on such date as set forth below: Performance Level Applicable Margin for Base Rate Advances Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances, Standby Letters of Credit and Documentary Letters of Credit Level 1 0.000 % 0.190 % Level 2 0.000 % 0.230 % Level 3 0.000 % 0.270 % Level 4 0.000 % 0.400 % Level 5 0.000 % 0.475 % Level 6 0.000 % 0.575 % “ Facility Fee Percentage ” means, on any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Borrower’s Performance Level in effect on such date as set forth below: Performance Level Facility Fee Percentage Level 1 0.060 % Level 2 0.070 % Level 3 0.080 % Level 4 0.100 % Level 5 0.125 % Level 6 0.175 % “ Termination Date ” means the earlier of (a) May 20, 2010, subject to the extension thereof pursuant to Section 2.16, and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or 6.01; provided , however , that the Termination Date of any Lender that is a Non-Consenting Lender to any requested extension pursuant to Section 2.16 shall be the Termination Date in effect immediately prior to the applicable Extension Date for all purposes of this Agreement. “ Utilization Fee Percentage ” means, as of any date that the aggregate Advances exceed 50% of the aggregate Commitments, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Borrower’s Performance Level in effect on such date as set forth below: Performance Level Utilization Fee Percentage Level 1 0.050 % Level 2 0.050 % Level 3 0.100 % Level 4 0.100 % Level 5 0.100 % Level 6 0.250 % (b) The definition of “Performance Level” in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended to delete clauses (c) and (d) of the proviso and substitute therefor the following: (c) if two of the Public Debt Ratings by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch and the Applicable Percentage Ratio shall fall within different Levels the Applicable Margin, the Facility Fee Percentage and the Utilization Fee Percentage shall be determined based upon the higher Level unless the Levels determined based upon the Public Debt Ratings and Applicable Percentage Ratio are two or more Levels apart, in which case the Applicable Margin, the Facility Fee Percentage and the Utilization Fee Percentage shall be determined by reference to the Level next above the lower of the two Levels (it being 2 understood that Level 1 is the highest Level and Level 6 is the lowest Level) and (d) notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of clause (b), no increase in the Performance Level shall be effective if any Default shall have occurred and be continuing. (c) Section 3.02(a)(i) of the Credit Agreement is amended in full to read as follows: (i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (other than the representations and warranties in the last sentence of subsection (e) and in subsection (f) (other than clause (ii) thereof)) are correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Revolving Credit Borrowing or issuance of a Letter of Credit and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date, and (d) Section 5.02(a)(xi) of the Credit Agreement is amended to delete the figure “10%” and substitute therefor the figure “20%”. (e) Section 5.02(d)(v) of the Credit Agreement is amended to delete the figure “10%” and substitute therefor the figure “20%”. (f) Schedule 3.01(b) to the Credit Agreement is amended in full to read as set forth as Schedule 3.01(b) to this Amendment. SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the “ Amendment Effective Date ”) when, and only when, the Paying Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower and all of the Lenders or, as to any of the Lenders, advice satisfactory to the Paying Agent that such Lender has executed this Amendment and the Paying Agent shall have additionally received all of the following documents, each such document (unless otherwise specified) dated the date of receipt thereof by the Paying Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to the Paying Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Lender: (a) A certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, dated the Amendment Effective Date, stating that: (i) The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, are correct on and as of the Amendment Effective Date; and (ii) No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default; (b) The Consent attached hereto, duly executed by each Guarantor existing on the Amendment Effective Date; (c) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Amendment and the other Loan Documents; 3 (d) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or thereunder; and (e) A favorable opinion of Paul W. Heldman, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel for the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C to the Credit Agreement and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Paying Agent may reasonably request. SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: (a) The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio. Each Guarantor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, to which it is or is to be a party are within the Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower’s charter, regulations or by-laws, as applicable, or (ii) law or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Borrower. (c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any of the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, to which it is or is to be a party. (d) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. This Amendment and each of the other Loan Documents, as amended hereby, to which the Borrower is a party are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms. (e) There is no pending or threatened action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Litigation) or (ii) purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Amendment or any of the other Loan Documents, as amended hereby. SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof” or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to “the Credit Agreement”, “thereunder”, “thereof” or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 4 (b) The Credit Agreement, the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Paying Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Paying Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration, modification and amendment of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Paying Agent) in accordance with the terms of Section 8.03 of the Credit Agreement. SECTION 6. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 5 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. Horizon Foods Group By /s/ Scott M. Henderson Title: Vice President & Treasurer 6 CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and as Paying Agent By /s/ Judith Green Title: Vice President JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Lender By /s/ Teri Streusand Title: Vice President CITICORP USA, INC. By /s/ Judith Green Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. By /s/ Dan M. Killian Title: Senior Vice [COMPANY] By /s/ Michaela V. Galluzzo Title: Vice President 7 COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A. “RABOBANK NEDERLAND” NEW YORK BRANCH By /s/ Ivan Rodriguez Title: Vice President By /s/ Andrew Sherman Title: Counsel/[COMPANY] By /s/ David Barton Title: Associate Director COBANK, ACB By /s/ S. Richard Dill Title: Vice President U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Derek S. Roudebush Title: Vice President THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., CHICAGO BRANCH, successor by merger to The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. and to UFJ Bank Limited By /s/ [EXECUTIVE]: Deputy General Manager 8 BNP PARIBAS By /s/ Tom Ambrose Title: Director By /s/ Gaye Plunkett Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NEW YORK By /s/ Randolph E. J. Medrano Title: Vice President FIFTH THIRD BANK By /s/ Megan S. Heisel Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA By /s/ V. H. Gibson Title: Assistant Agent WELLS FARGO BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Steven Buehler Title: Vice President By /s/ Peter Martinets Title: Vice President COMERICA BANK By /s/ Jessica M. Migliore Title: Account Officer 9 SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION By /s/ Shigeru Tsuru Title: Joint General Manager UNION BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A. By /s/ Ching L. Lim Title: Vice President MELLON BANK, N.A. By /s/ Mark F. Johnston Title: First Vice President PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Bruce A. Kinter Title: Vice President AGFIRST FARM CREDIT BANK By /s/ Felicia D. Morant Title: Vice President KBC BANK N.V. By /s/ William Cavanaugh Title: Vice President By /s/ Robert Snauffer Title: First Vice President AMSOUTH BANK By /s/ Monty R. Trimble Title: Senior Vice President 10 GREENSTONE FARM CREDIT SERVICES, ACA/FLCA By /s/ Ben Mahlich Title: AVP/Lending Officer NATIONAL CITY BANK By /s/ Amanda M. Hannah Title: Relationship Manager SUNTRUST BANK By /s/ Douglas O’Bryan Title: Vice President HIBERNIA NATIONAL BANK By /s/ Julie Nosser Title: Assistant Vice President FARM CREDIT BANK OF TEXAS By /s/ Luis Requejo Title: Vice President SOVEREIGN BANK By /s/ Judith C. E. Kelly Title: Senior Vice President BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY By /s/ Roberts A. Bass Title: Senior Vice President FCS COMMERCIAL FINANCE GROUP By /s/ Daniel J. Best Title: Commercial Loan Officer 11 SCHEDULE 3.01(b) DISCLOSED LITIGATION On November 29, 2001, a lawsuit titled Wade, et al. v. Horizon Foods Group, et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court, Western District of Kentucky, Louisville Division, against Horizon Foods Group The complaint, filed by several former and present management and hourly employees, alleges that Horizon Foods Group discriminates against African-Americans in compensation, selection, and promotion. The plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and all other African-American persons similarly situated, are seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. The case is in the earliest stages of discovery. At the present time there is no discovery cutoff or class certification deadline. At this stage of the proceedings, the Borrower is unable to express any opinion on whether a class will be certified, or whether a Material Adverse Effect is reasonably likely. Any actions, suits, investigations, litigation or proceedings disclosed in Borrower’s periodic or current reports filed with the SEC are incorporated by reference in this Schedule 3.01(b). CONSENT Dated as of January 25, 2006 The undersigned, each a Guarantor under the Guarantee Agreement dated May 20, 2004 (the “ Guarantee Agreement ”) in favor of the Paying Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement referred to in the foregoing Amendment, hereby consents to such Amendment and hereby confirms and agrees that notwithstanding the effectiveness of such Amendment, the Guarantee Agreement is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that, on and after the effectiveness of such Amendment, each reference in the Guarantee Agreement to the “Credit Agreement”, “thereunder”, “thereof” or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by such Amendment. DILLON COMPANIES, INC. FOOD 4 LESS HOLDINGS, INC. FRED MEYER, INC. FRED MEYER STORES, [COMPANY] OF MICHIGAN Horizon Foods Group LIMITED PARTNERSHIP I By: [COMPANY]., its [COMPANY]. By: [COMPANY]., its General Partner RALPHS GROCERY COMPANY SMITH’S FOOD & DRUG CENTERS, INC. By /s/ Paul W. Heldman Title: Vice President
Amendment No. 1 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated May 22, 2002 Exhibit 99.2 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of January 25, 2006 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “ Amendment ”) among Horizon Foods Group, an Ohio corporation (the “ Borrower ”), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below (collectively, the “ Lenders ”) and CITIBANK, N.A., as administrative and paying agent (the “ Paying Agent ”) for the Lenders. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: (1) The Borrower, the Lenders and the Paying Agent have entered into a Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 22, 2002 (the “ Credit Agreement ”). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Credit Agreement. (2) The Borrower and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth. SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is, effective as of the date hereof and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2, hereby amended as follows: (a) The definitions of “ Applicable Margin ”, “ Facility Fee Percentage ”, “ Performance Level ” and “ Utilization Fee Percentage ” in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement are amended in full to read as follows: “ Applicable Margin ” means, on any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Borrower’s Performance Level in effect on such date as set forth below: Performance Level Applicable Margin for Base Rate Advances Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Rate Advances, Standby Letters of Credit and Documentary Letters of Credit Level 1 0.000 % 0.190 % Level 2 0.000 % 0.230 % Level 3 0.000 % 0.270 % Level 4 0.000 % 0.400 % Level 5 0.000 % 0.475 % Level 6 0.000 % 0.575 % “ Facility Fee Percentage ” means, on any date, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Borrower’s Performance Level in effect on such date as set forth below: Performance Level Facility Fee Percentage Level 1 0.060 % Level 2 0.070 % Level 3 0.080 % Level 4 0.100 % Level 5 0.125 % Level 6 0.175 % “ Performance Level ” means, as of any date of determination, the numerically lowest level set forth below as then in effect, as determined in accordance with the following provisions of this definition: Level 1 The Public Debt Rating is A, A2 or A or better by two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, respectively, or the Applicable Percentage Ratio is 6.00:1.00 or greater; Level 2 The Public Debt Rating is A-, A3 or A- or better by two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, respectively, or the Applicable Percentage Ratio is 5.25:1.00 or greater but less than 6.00:1.00; Level 3 The Public Debt Rating is BBB+, Baa1 or BBB+ by two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, respectively, or the Applicable Percentage Ratio is 4.75:1.00 or greater but less than 5.25:1.00; Level 4 The Public Debt Rating is BBB, Baa2 or BBB by two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, respectively, or the Applicable Percentage Ratio is 4.00:1.00 or greater but less than 4.75:1.00; Level 5 The Public Debt Rating is BBB-, Baa3 or BBB- by two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch, respectively, or the Applicable Percentage Ratio is less than 4.00:1.00; Level 6 The Public Debt Rating is lower than BBB-, Baa3 or BBB- by two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch and the Applicable Percentage Ratio is lower than 4.00:1.00; provided (a) if any rating established or deemed to have been established by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of any of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch), such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change, (b) any change in the Performance Level based on a change in the Applicable Percentage Ratio shall be effective for all purposes on and after the date of delivery to the Administrative 2 Agents of a certificate of the Borrower with respect to the financial statements to be delivered, as applicable, pursuant to Section 5.01(h) for the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter, (c) if two of the Public Debt Ratings by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch and the Applicable Percentage Ratio shall fall within different Levels the Applicable Margin, the Facility Fee Percentage and the Utilization Fee Percentage shall be determined based upon the higher Level unless the Levels determined based upon the Public Debt Ratings and Applicable Percentage Ratio are two or more Levels apart, in which case the Applicable Margin, the Facility Fee Percentage and the Utilization Fee Percentage shall be determined by reference to the Level next above the lower of the two Levels (it being understood that Level 1 is the highest Level and Level 6 is the lowest Level) and (d) notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of clause (b), no increase in the Performance Level shall be effective if any Default shall have occurred and be continuing. Any change in the Performance Level shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the applicable Performance Level and shall apply to all Eurodollar Rate Advances made or continued on or after the commencement of the period (and to Base Rate Advances that are outstanding at any time during the period) commencing on the effective date of such change in the applicable Performance Level and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change in the applicable Performance Level. “ Utilization Fee Percentage ” means, as of any date that the aggregate Advances exceed 50% of the aggregate Commitments, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the Borrower’s Performance Level in effect on such date as set forth below: Performance Level Utilization Fee Percentage Level 1 0.050 % Level 2 0.050 % Level 3 0.100 % Level 4 0.100 % Level 5 0.100 % Level 6 0.250 % (b) Section 3.02(a)(i) of the Credit Agreement is amended in full to read as follows: (i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (other than the representations and warranties in the last sentence of subsection (e) and in subsection (f) (other than clause (ii) thereof)) are correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, before and after giving effect to such Revolving Credit Borrowing or issuance of a Letter of Credit and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date, and (c) Section 5.02(a)(xi) of the Credit Agreement is amended to delete the figure “10%” and substitute therefor the figure “20%”. (d) Section 5.02(d)(v) of the Credit Agreement is amended to delete the figure “10%” and substitute therefor the figure “20%”. 3 (e) Schedule 3.01(b) to the Credit Agreement is amended in full to read as set forth as Schedule 3.01(b) to this Amendment. SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written (the “ Amendment Effective Date ”) when, and only when, the Paying Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by the Borrower and all of the Lenders or, as to any of the Lenders, advice satisfactory to the Paying Agent that such Lender has executed this Amendment and the Paying Agent shall have additionally received all of the following documents, each such document (unless otherwise specified) dated the date of receipt thereof by the Paying Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to the Paying Agent (unless otherwise specified) and in sufficient copies for each Lender: (a) A certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, dated the Amendment Effective Date, stating that: (i) The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, are correct on and as of the Amendment Effective Date; and (ii) No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default; (b) The Consent attached hereto, duly executed by each Guarantor existing on the Amendment Effective Date; (c) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Amendment and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Amendment and the other Loan Documents; (d) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or thereunder; and (e) A favorable opinion of Paul W. Heldman, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel for the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C to the Credit Agreement and as to such other matters as any Lender through the Paying Agent may reasonably request. SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows: (a) The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio. Each Guarantor is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. 4 (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, to which it is or is to be a party are within the Borrower’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower’s charter, regulations or by-laws, as applicable, or (ii) law or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Borrower. (c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Amendment or any of the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, to which it is or is to be a party. (d) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. This Amendment and each of the other Loan Documents, as amended hereby, to which the Borrower is a party are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms. (e) There is no pending or threatened action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Litigation) or (ii) purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Amendment or any of the other Loan Documents, as amended hereby. SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents . (a) On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof” or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to “the Credit Agreement”, “thereunder”, “thereof” or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. (b) The Credit Agreement, the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Paying Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses The Borrower agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Paying Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration, modification and amendment of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Paying Agent) in accordance with the terms of Section 8.03 of the Credit Agreement. 5 SECTION 6. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. SECTION 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 6 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. Horizon Foods Group By /s/ Scott M. Henderson Title: Vice President & Treasurer CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and as Paying Agent By /s/ Judith Green Title: Vice President 7 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Lender By /s/ Teri Streusand Title: Vice President CITICORP USA, INC. By /s/ Judith Green Title: Vice President BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. By /s/ Dan M. Killian Title: Senior Vice [COMPANY] By /s/ Michaela V. Galluzzo Title: Vice President COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A. “RABOBANK NEDERLAND” NEW YORK BRANCH By /s/ Ivan Rodriguez Title: Vice President By /s/ Andrew Sherman Title: Counsel/Executive Director 8 COBANK, ACB By /s/ S. Richard Dill Title: Vice President U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Derek S. Roudebush Title: Vice President THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., CHICAGO BRANCH, successor by merger to The Bank of Tokyo- Mitsubishi, Ltd. and to UFJ Bank Limited By /s/ [EXECUTIVE]: Deputy General Manager BNP PARIBAS By /s/ Tom Ambrose Title: Director By /s/ Gaye Plunkett Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NEW YORK By /s/ Randolph E. J. Medrano Title: Vice President FIFTH THIRD BANK By /s/ Megan S. Heisel Title: Vice President 9 THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA By /s/ V. H. Gibson Title: Assistant Agent WELLS FARGO BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Steven Buehler Title: Vice President By /s/ Peter Martinets Title: Vice President COMERICA BANK By /s/ Jessica M. Migliore Title: Account Officer UNION BANK OF CALIFORNIA, N.A. By /s/ Ching L. Lim Title: Vice President MELLON BANK, N.A. By /s/ Mark F. Johnston Title: First Vice President PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Bruce A. Kinter Title: Vice President GREENSTONE FARM CREDIT SERVICES, ACA/FLCA By /s/ Ben Mahlich Title: AVP/Lending Officer 10 NATIONAL CITY BANK By /s/ Amanda M. Hannah Title: Relationship Manager FARM CREDIT BANK OF TEXAS By /s/ Luis Requejo Title: Vice President FARM CREDIT BANK OF WICHITA By /s/ Patrick Zeka Title: Vice President WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By /s/ Anthony D. Braxton Title: Director THE NORINCHUKIN BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH By /s/ Toshifumi Tsukitani Title: General Manager 11 SCHEDULE 3.01(b) DISCLOSED LITIGATION On November 29, 2001, a lawsuit titled Wade, et al. v. Horizon Foods Group, et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court, Western District of Kentucky, Louisville Division, against Horizon Foods Group The complaint, filed by several former and present management and hourly employees, alleges that Horizon Foods Group discriminates against African-Americans in compensation, selection, and promotion. The plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and all other African-American persons similarly situated, are seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. The case is in the earliest stages of discovery. At the present time there is no discovery cutoff or class certification deadline. At this stage of the proceedings, the Borrower is unable to express any opinion on whether a class will be certified, or whether a Material Adverse Effect is reasonably likely. Any actions, suits, investigations, litigation or proceedings disclosed in Borrower’s periodic or current reports filed with the SEC are incorporated by reference in this Schedule 3.01(b). CONSENT Dated as of January 25, 2006 The undersigned, each a Guarantor under the Guarantee Agreement dated May 22, 2002 (the “ Guarantee Agreement ”) in favor of the Paying Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Lenders parties to the Credit Agreement referred to in the foregoing Amendment, hereby consents to such Amendment and hereby confirms and agrees that notwithstanding the effectiveness of such Amendment, the Guarantee Agreement is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects, except that, on and after the effectiveness of such Amendment, each reference in the Guarantee Agreement to the “Credit Agreement”, “thereunder”, “thereof” or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by such Amendment. DILLON COMPANIES, INC. FOOD 4 LESS HOLDINGS, INC. FRED MEYER, INC. FRED MEYER STORES, [COMPANY] OF MICHIGAN Horizon Foods Group LIMITED PARTNERSHIP I By: [COMPANY]., its [COMPANY]. By: [COMPANY]., its General Partner RALPHS GROCERY COMPANY SMITH’S FOOD & DRUG CENTERS, INC. By /s/ Paul W. Heldman Title: Vice President