Form 10-K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 000-78901 StreamVault Media (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 84-0467272 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 100 Winchester Circle 850 StreamVault Way, Maplewood, Washington 98025 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) (360) 555-3701 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of Exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.001 par value The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer þ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company ¨ (do not check if smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes ¨ No þ As of June 30, 2010, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sales price for the registrant’s common stock, as reported in the NASDAQ Global Select Market System, was $4,018,312,143. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director of the Registrant and by each person known by the Registrant to beneficially own 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. As of January 31, 2011, there were 52,890,638 shares of the registrant’s common stock, par value $0.001, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Parts of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for Registrant’s 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Table of Contents StreamVault Media TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 17 Item 2. Properties 18 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 18 Item 4. (Removed and Reserved) 18 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 21 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 37 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 38 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 38 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 38 Item 9B. Other Information 39 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 40 Item 11. Executive Compensation 40 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 40 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 40 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 40 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 41 Table of Contents PART I Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our core strategy; the growth of Internet delivery of content; the market opportunity for streaming content; our advantage of focus within the subscription segment of the entertainment video market; gross margin; liquidity; revenue per average paying subscriber; impacts relating to our pricing strategy; our content library investments; significance of future contractual obligations; international expansion; and, our stock-based compensation expense for 2011. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A: “Risk Factors” section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law. Item 1. Business About us With 20 million subscribers as of December 31, 2010, StreamVault Media Inc. (“StreamVault Media”, “the Company”, “we”, or “us”) is the world’s leading Internet subscription service for enjoying TV shows and movies. Our subscribers can instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices and, in the United States, subscribers can also receive standard definition DVDs, and their high definition successor, Blu-ray discs (collectively referred to as “DVD”), delivered quickly to their homes. Our core strategy is to grow our streaming subscription business within the United States and globally. We are continuously improving the customer experience, with a focus on expanding our streaming content, enhancing our user interfaces and extending our streaming service to even more Internet-connected devices, while staying within the parameters of our operating margin targets. By continuously improving the customer experience, we believe we drive additional subscriber growth in the following ways: • Additional subscriber growth enables us to obtain more content, which in turn drives more subscriber growth. • Additional subscriber growth leads to greater word-of-mouth promotion of our service, which in turn leads to more subscriber growth at an increasingly cost-effective marketing spend. • Additional subscriber growth enables us to invest in further improvements to our service offering, which in turn leads to more subscriber growth. Our business has and continues to evolve rapidly. In 2010, we passed a significant milestone with the majority of our subscribers viewing more of their TV shows and movies via streaming than by DVD. Going forward, we expect we will be primarily a global streaming business, with the added feature of DVDs-by-mail in the U.S. We believe delivery of entertainment video over the Internet will be a very large global market opportunity, and that our focus on one segment of that market—consumer-paid, commercial-free streaming subscription of TV shows and movies—will enable us to continue to grow rapidly and profitably. Competition The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. New competitors may be able to launch new businesses at relatively low cost. Many consumers maintain simultaneous 1 Table of Contents relationships with multiple entertainment video providers and can easily shift spending from one provider to another. Our principal competitors include: • Multichannel video programming distributors (MVPDs) with free TV Everywhere and VOD (video-on-demand) content including cable providers, such as Time Warner and Comcast; direct broadcast satellite providers, such as DIRECTV and Echostar; and telecommunication providers such as AT&T and Verizon; • Internet movie and TV content providers, such as Apple’s iTunes, Amazon.com, Hulu.com and Google’s YouTube; • DVD rental outlets and kiosk services, such as Blockbuster and Redbox; • Entertainment video retailers, such as Best Buy, Wal-Mart and Amazon.com. Operations We obtain content from various studios and other content providers through fixed-fee licenses, revenue sharing agreements and direct purchases. We market our service through various channels, including online advertising, broad-based media, such as television and radio, as well as various strategic partnerships. In connection with marketing the service, we offer free-trial memberships to new and certain rejoining members. Rejoining members are an important source of subscriber additions. We utilize the services of third-party cloud computing providers, more specifically, Amazon Web Services, as well as content delivery networks such as Level 3 Communications, to help us efficiently stream TV shows and movies. We also ship and receive DVDs in the United States from a nationwide network of shipping centers. Segments We derive revenues from monthly subscription fees in our two segments, United States and International. In September 2010, we began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada. We anticipate further international expansion to additional markets in the second half of 2011. We currently generate substantially all our revenues in the United States and hold all our long lived assets in the United States. Seasonality Our subscriber growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations in when consumers buy Internet-connected devices and when they tend to increase video watching. As a consequence, subscriber growth is generally greatest in our fourth and first quarters (October through March), slowing in our second quarter (April through June) and then accelerating in our third quarter (July through September). Additionally, the variable expenses associated with shipments of DVDs are impacted by the seasonal nature of the DVD release of movies. Intellectual Property We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidential agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes. Employees As of December 31, 2010, we had 2,180 full-time employees. We also utilize part-time and temporary employees, primarily in our DVD fulfillment operations, to respond to the fluctuating demand for DVD shipments. As of December 31, 2010, we had 2,149 part-time and temporary employees. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 2 Table of Contents Other information We were incorporated in Delaware in August 1997 and completed our initial public offering in May 2002. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Winchester Circle, 850 StreamVault Way, Maplewood, Washington 98025, and our telephone number is (360) 555-3701. We maintain a Web site at www.streamvaultmedia.com . The contents of our Web site are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “StreamVault Media,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “registrant” refer to StreamVault Media Our investor relations Web site is located at http://ir.www.streamvaultmedia.com. We intend to use our investor relations Web site as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor this portion of the StreamVault Media Web site, in addition to following press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We also make available, free of charge, on our investor relations Web site under “SEC Filings,” our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing those reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 3 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business If our efforts to attract and retain subscribers are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. We have experienced significant subscriber growth over the past several years. Our ability to continue to attract subscribers will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our subscribers with a valuable and quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain subscribers. Competitors include MVPDs with free TV Everywhere and VOD content, Internet movie and TV content providers, including both those that provide legal and illegal (or pirated) entertainment video content, entertainment video retail stores and DVD rental outlets and kiosk services. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, or if we introduce new or adjust existing services that are not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract subscribers. In addition, many of our subscribers are rejoining our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing subscribers. If our efforts to satisfy our existing subscribers are not successful, we may not be able to attract subscribers, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. Subscribers cancel their subscription to our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, availability of content is limited, DVD delivery takes too long, competitive services provide a better value or experience and customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. We must continually add new subscribers both to replace subscribers who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current subscriber base. If too many of our subscribers cancel our service, or if we are unable to attract new subscribers in numbers sufficient to grow our business, our operating results will be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing subscribers and attracting new subscribers, our business will be adversely affected. Further, if excessive numbers of subscribers cancel our service, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenditures than we currently anticipate to replace these subscribers with new subscribers. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business will be adversely affected. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. New technologies and evolving business models for delivery of entertainment video continue to develop at a fast pace. The growth of Internet-connected devices, including television sets, Blu-ray players and mobile devices has increased the consumer acceptance of Internet delivery of entertainment video. Through these new and existing distribution channels, consumers are afforded various means for consuming entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these differing means of entertainment video delivery include subscription, pay-per-view, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Several competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. They may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology, fulfillment, and marketing. New entrants may enter the market with unique service offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video and other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors, programs and technologies, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability. 4 Table of Contents Changes in consumer viewing habits, including more widespread usage of TV Everywhere, VOD or other similar on demand methods of entertainment video consumption could adversely affect our business. The manner in which consumers view entertainment video is changing rapidly. Digital cable, wireless and Internet content providers are continuing to improve technologies, content offerings, user interface, and business models that allow consumers to access entertainment video on demand with interactive capabilities including start, stop and rewind. The devices through which entertainment video can be consumed are also changing rapidly. Today, content from cable service providers may be viewed on laptops and content from Internet content providers may be viewed on televisions. Although we provide our own Internet-based delivery of content allowing our subscribers to stream certain TV shows and movies to their Internet-connected televisions and other devices, if other providers of entertainment video address the changes in consumer viewing habits in a manner that is better able to meet content distributor and consumer needs and expectations, our business could be adversely affected. If we are not able to manage our growth, our business could be adversely affected. We have expanded rapidly since we launched our Web site in April 1998. We are currently engaged in an effort to expand our operations internationally, grow our streaming service with new content and across more devices, as well as continue to operate our DVD service within the United States. Many of our systems and operational practices were implemented when we were at a smaller scale of operations and solely focused on domestic DVD operations. As we undertake all these changes, if we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our legacy systems and operational practices, our business may be adversely affected. If the market segment for consumer paid commercial free Internet streaming of TV shows and movies saturates, our business will be adversely affected. The market segment for consumer paid commercial free Internet streaming of TV shows and movies has grown significantly. Much of the increasing growth can be attributed to the ability of our subscribers to stream TV shows and movies on their TVs, computers and mobile devices. A decline in our rate of growth could indicate that the market segment for online subscription-based entertainment video is beginning to saturate. While we believe that this segment will continue to grow for the foreseeable future, if this market segment were to saturate, our business would be adversely affected. If our efforts to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain subscribers, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We must continue to build and maintain strong brand identity. We believe that strong brand identity will be important in attracting subscribers who may have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. If our efforts to promote and maintain our brand are not successful, our operating results and our ability to attract subscribers may be adversely affected. From time to time, our subscribers express dissatisfaction with our service, including among other things, our title availability, inventory allocation, delivery processing and service interruptions. Furthermore, third-party devices that enable instant streaming of TV shows and movies from StreamVault Media may not meet consumer expectations. To the extent dissatisfaction with our service is widespread or not adequately addressed, our brand may be adversely impacted and our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely affected. With respect to our planned international expansion, we will also need to establish our brand and to the extent we are not successful, our business in new markets would be adversely impacted. If we are unable to manage the mix of subscriber acquisition sources, our subscriber levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. We utilize a broad mix of marketing programs to promote our service to potential new subscribers. We obtain new subscribers through our online marketing efforts, including paid search listings, banner ads, text links 5 Table of Contents and permission-based e-mails, as well as our active affiliate program. We also engage our consumer electronics partners to generate new subscribers for our service. In addition, we have engaged in various offline marketing programs, including TV and radio advertising, direct mail and print campaigns, consumer package and mailing insertions. We also acquire a number of subscribers who rejoin our service having previously cancelled their membership. We maintain an active public relations program to increase awareness of our service and drive subscriber acquisition. We opportunistically adjust our mix of marketing programs to acquire new subscribers at a reasonable cost with the intention of achieving overall financial goals. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of subscribers with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our subscriber levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. If we are unable to continue using our current marketing channels, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. We may not be able to continue to support the marketing of our service by current means if such activities are no longer available to us, become cost prohibitive or are adverse to our business. If companies that currently promote our service decide that we are negatively impacting their business, that they want to compete more directly with our business or enter a similar business or decide to exclusively support our competitors, we may no longer be given access to such marketing channels. In addition, if ad rates increase, we may curtail marketing expenses or otherwise experience an increase in our cost per subscriber. Laws and regulations impose restrictions on the use of certain channels, including commercial e-mail and direct mail. We may limit or discontinue use or support of e-mail and other activities if we become concerned that subscribers or potential subscribers deem such activities intrusive, which could affect our goodwill or brand. If the available marketing channels are curtailed, our ability to attract new subscribers may be adversely affected. The increasingly long-term and fixed-cost nature of our content acquisition licenses may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. In connection with obtaining content, particularly for streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year, fixed-fee licenses with studios and other distributors. As of December 31, 2010, we had over $1.2 billion in such contractual commitments covering payments due over the next several years. Furthermore, we plan on increasing the level of committed content licensing in anticipation of our service and subscriber base continuing to grow. To the extent subscriber and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of these content licensing commitments and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate could be limited. If we become subject to liability for content that we distribute through our service, our results of operations would be adversely affected. As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we distribute. We also may face potential liability for content uploaded from our users in connection with our community-related content or movie reviews. If we become liable, then our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability could harm our results of operations. We cannot assure that we are insured or indemnified to cover claims of these types or liability that may be imposed on us. If studios and other content distributors refuse to license streaming content to us upon acceptable terms, our business could be adversely affected. Streaming content over the Internet involves the licensing of rights which are separate from and independent of the rights we acquire when obtaining DVD content. Our ability to provide our subscribers with content they can watch instantly therefore depends on studios and other content distributors licensing us content specifically 6 Table of Contents for Internet delivery. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. If the studios and other content distributors change their terms and conditions or are no longer willing or able to license us content, our ability to stream content to our subscribers will be adversely affected. Unlike DVD, streaming content is not subject to the First Sale Doctrine. As such, we are completely dependent on the studio or other content distributor to license us content in order to access and stream content. Many of the licenses provide for the studios or other content distributor to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions as well as other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. In addition, the studios and other content distributors have great flexibility in licensing content. They may elect to license content exclusively to a particular provider or otherwise limit the types of services that can deliver streaming content. For example, HBO licenses content from studios like Warner Bros. and the license provides HBO with the exclusive right to such content against other subscription services, including StreamVault Media. As such, StreamVault Media cannot license certain Warner Bros. content for delivery to its subscribers while Warner Bros. may nonetheless license the same content to transactional VOD providers. If we are unable to secure and maintain rights to streaming content or if we cannot otherwise obtain such content upon terms that are acceptable to us, our ability to stream TV shows and movies to our subscribers will be adversely impacted, and our subscriber acquisition and retention could also be adversely impacted. As streaming content license agreements expire, we must renegotiate new terms which may not be favorable to us. If this happens, the cost of obtaining content could increase and our margins may be adversely affected. As we grow, we are able to spend an increasingly larger amount for the licensing of streaming content. We believe that the streaming content we make available to our subscribers is sufficiently diversified, such that we will not be forced to pay licensing fees for content in excess of our desired operational margins. We believe that any failure to secure content will manifest in lower subscriber acquisition and retention and not in materially reduced margins. Nonetheless, given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed nature of content licenses, if we do not experience subscriber acquisition and retention as forecasted, our margins may be impacted by these fixed content licensing costs. During the course of our license relationship, various contract administration issues can arise. To the extent that we are unable to resolve any of these issues in an amicable manner, our relationship with the studios and other content distributors or our access to content may be adversely impacted. We rely upon a number of partners to offer instant streaming of content from StreamVault Media to various devices. We currently offer subscribers the ability to receive streaming content through their PCs, Macs and other Internet-connected devices, including Blu-ray players and TVs, digital video players, game consoles and mobile devices. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to instantly stream TV shows and movies to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our streaming content, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our agreements with our consumer electronics partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than StreamVault Media and while these entities should be responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and StreamVault Media may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward StreamVault Media and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, our service and our subscribers use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. If the popularity of the DVD format continues to slow or if the retail sales prices of DVDs decline, our business could be adversely affected. Although the growth of DVD sales continues to slow, we believe that the DVD will continue to be a valuable consumer proposition and studio profit center for the next several years. As DVD sales begin to decline, studios and other resellers may significantly lower prices to encourage consumers to continue to utilize the format. Unless we are successful at retaining our subscribers with our streaming offerings, a decline in the 7 Table of Contents popularity of the DVD as indicated by declining sales or a reduction in price leading to consumers purchasing instead of using our service, could result in our business could be adversely affected. If U.S. Copyright law were altered to amend or eliminate the First Sale Doctrine or if studios were to release or distribute titles on DVD in a manner that attempts to circumvent or limit the affects of the First Sale Doctrine, our business could be adversely affected. Under U.S. Copyright Law, once a copyright owner sells a copy of his work, the copyright owner relinquishes all further rights to sell or otherwise dispose of that copy. While the copyright owner retains the underlying copyright to the expression fixed in the work, the copyright owner gives up his ability to control the fate of the work once it had been sold. As such, once a DVD is sold into the market, those obtaining the DVD are permitted to re-sell it, rent it or otherwise dispose of it. If Congress or the courts were to change or substantially limit this First Sale Doctrine, our ability to obtain content and then rent it could be adversely affected. By way of example, the Court of Appeals for the 9 th Circuit recently ruled that the First Sale Doctrine did not apply to sales of software that contained contractual limitations on resales. To the extent such a ruling were extended to DVD sales, our ability to obtain content for subsequent rental could be adversely impacted. Likewise, if content providers agree to limit the sale or distribution of their content in ways that try to limit the affects of the First Sale Doctrine, our business could be adversely affected. For example, we have entered into agreements with several studios to delay the availability of new release DVDs for rental for a brief period of time following the DVDs release to the retail market and, in connection therewith, these studios have prohibited certain of their wholesalers from selling DVDs to us prior to such availability. Furthermore, certain content owners, from time to time, have established exclusive rental windows with particular outlets. This happened in late 2006 and again in late 2007 when Blockbuster announced arrangements with certain content owners pursuant to which Blockbuster would receive content on DVDs for rental exclusively by Blockbuster. To the extent content is to be distributed exclusively and not to retail vendors or distributors, we could be prevented from obtaining such content, and those or our competitors who access such content could enjoy a corresponding competitive advantage. To the extent the content is also sold to retail vendors or distributors, under current law, we would not be prohibited from obtaining and renting such content pursuant to the First Sale Doctrine. Nonetheless, to the extent content owners do not distribute to us directly or through their wholesalers or otherwise establish exclusive rental windows, it will impact our ability to obtain such content in the most efficient manner and, in some cases, in sufficient quantity to satisfy demand. If such arrangements were to become more commonplace or if additional impediments to obtaining content were created, our ability to obtain content could be impacted and our business could be adversely affected. Increased availability of new releases of entertainment video to other distribution channels prior to, or on parity with, the release on DVD, coupled with delayed availability of such DVDs through our service, could adversely affect our business. Except for theatrical release, DVDs currently enjoy a competitive advantage over other distribution channels, such as pay-per-view and VOD, because of the early distribution window on the DVD format. The window for new releases on DVD is generally exclusive against other forms of non-theatrical movie distribution, such as pay-per-view, Internet delivery, premium TV, basic cable and network and syndicated TV. The length of the exclusive window for movie rental and retail sales varies and the order, length and exclusivity of each window for each distribution channel are determined solely by the studio releasing the title. Over the past several years, the major studios have shortened the release windows and have increasingly made new release movies available simultaneously on DVD and VOD. If other distribution channels were to receive priority over, or parity with, DVD, coupled with delayed availability of such DVD through our service, our subscribers might find these other distribution channels of more value than our service and our business could be adversely affected. Delayed availability of new release DVDs for rental could adversely affect our business. Our licensing agreements with several studios require that we do not rent new release DVDs until some period of time, typically twenty-eight days- after such DVDs are first made available for retail sale. These 8 Table of Contents agreements provide us with less expensive content as well as deeper copy depth than we might otherwise have absent the delay, thus improving both our business and consumer experience. While several competitors have used the delayed availability of DVD content through our service to differentiate their own services, we do not believe that this delayed availability has materially impacted our subscriber growth or satisfaction. Nonetheless, it is possible that the delay in obtaining new release content could impact consumer perception of our service or otherwise negatively impact subscriber satisfaction. Furthermore, if the studios were to increase the period of delay, which some studios have suggested, we may yet experience these impacts, in which case our business could be adversely impacted. We could be subject to increased costs arising from our acquisition of DVD content and our subscribers’ demand for DVD titles that could adversely affect our operations and financial performance We obtain DVDs through a mix of revenue sharing agreements and direct purchases. The type of agreement we utilize to acquire DVD content depends on the economic terms we can negotiate as well as studio preferences. If we are unable to negotiate favorable terms to acquire the DVDs our operating margins may be adversely affected. Furthermore, during the course of our agreements, various contract administration issues can arise. To the extent that we are unable to resolve any of these issues in an amicable manner, our relationship with the studios and distributors or our access to content may be adversely impacted. Direct purchase of DVDs requires us to be able to accurately forecast demand in order to ensure that we have enough copies of a title to satisfy but not exceed demand so that our subscriber satisfaction is not negatively impacted. However, if we purchase excess copies of title or experience an increase in usage of a title without a corresponding increase in subscriber retention and growth, our content and fulfillment costs will increase disproportionately to revenues thus adversely affecting our operating results. Our content costs as a percentage of revenues can also increase if our subscribers select titles that were acquired under more expensive revenue share arrangements more often than they select other titles acquired through direct purchase or lower cost revenue share arrangements. Any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third-parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service and could adversely impact our business. Subscribers and potential subscribers access our service through our Web site or their TVs, computers or mobile devices. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our subscribers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our computer systems and those of third-parties that we utilize in our operations. Interruptions in these systems, or with the Internet in general, including discriminatory network management practices, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver streaming content or fulfill DVD selections. From time to time, we experience service interruptions and have voluntarily provided affected subscribers with a credit during periods of extended outage. Much of our software is proprietary, and we rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams for the continued performance of our software and computer systems. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential subscribers. Our servers and those of third-parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of data. Our Web site periodically experiences directed attacks intended to cause a disruption in service. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our service or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. Our insurance does not cover expenses related to attacks on our Web site or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of our services. Any significant disruption to our service or internal computer systems could result in a loss of subscribers and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party Web hosting provider. In addition, we utilize third-party Internet-based or “cloud” computing 9 Table of Contents services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV shows and movies in high volume to StreamVault Media subscribers over the Internet. Problems faced by our third-party Web hosting, cloud computing, or content delivery network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, could adversely impact the experience of our subscribers. In addition, fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events could damage these systems and hardware or cause them to fail completely. As we do not maintain entirely redundant systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged downtime of our operations and could adversely affect our business. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. Amazon Web Services, or AWS, provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a cloud computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the majority of our computing at AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon may compete with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our service. If we are unable to effectively utilize our recommendation and merchandising technology, our business may suffer. Our proprietary recommendation and merchandising technology enables us to predict and recommend titles and effectively merchandise our library to our subscribers. We believe that in order for our recommendation and merchandising technology to function most effectively, it must access a large database of user ratings. We cannot assure that our recommendation and merchandising technology will continue to function effectively to predict and recommend titles that our subscribers will enjoy, or that we will continue to be successful in enticing subscribers to rate enough titles for our database to effectively predict and recommend new or existing titles. We are continually refining our recommendation and merchandising technology in an effort to improve its predictive accuracy and usefulness to our subscribers. We may experience difficulties in implementing refinements. In addition, we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to make and implement meaningful refinements to our recommendation technology. If our recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our subscribers will enjoy or if we are unable to implement meaningful improvements, our personal movie recommendation service will be less useful, in which event: • our subscriber satisfaction may decrease, subscribers may perceive our service to be of lower value and our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely affected; • our ability to effectively merchandise and utilize our library will be adversely affected; and • our subscribers may default to choosing titles from among new releases or other titles that cost us more to provide, and our margins may be adversely affected. We rely heavily on our proprietary technology to stream TV shows and movies and to manage other aspects of our operations, including processing delivery and return of our DVDs to our subscribers, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. We continually enhance or modify the technology used for our operations. We cannot be sure that any enhancements or other modifications we make to our operations will achieve the intended results or otherwise be 10 Table of Contents of value to our subscribers. Future enhancements and modifications to our technology could consume considerable resources. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our technology to manage the streaming of TV shows and movies to our subscribers in a timely and efficient manner and/or the processing of DVDs among our shipping centers, our ability to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be impaired. In addition, if our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to retain existing subscribers and to add new subscribers may be impaired. Also, any harm to our subscribers’ personal computers or other devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we experience delivery problems or if our subscribers or potential subscribers lose confidence in the U.S. mail system, we could lose subscribers, which could adversely affect our operating results. We rely exclusively on the U.S. Postal Service to deliver DVDs from our shipping centers and to return DVDs to us from our subscribers. We are subject to risks associated with using the public mail system to meet our shipping needs, including delays or disruptions caused by inclement weather, natural disasters, labor activism, health epidemics or bioterrorism. Our DVDs are also subject to risks of breakage and theft during our processing of shipments as well as during delivery and handling by the U.S. Postal Service. The risk of breakage is also impacted by the materials and methods used to replicate our DVDs. If the entities replicating our DVDs use materials and methods more likely to break during delivery and handling or we fail to timely deliver DVDs to our subscribers, our subscribers could become dissatisfied and cancel our service, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, increased breakage and theft rates for our DVDs will increase our cost of acquiring titles. Increases in the cost of delivering DVDs could adversely affect our gross profit. Increases in postage delivery rates could adversely affect our gross profit if we elect not to raise our subscription fees to offset the increase. The U.S. Postal Service increased the rate for first class postage on May 12, 2008 to 42 cents and again on May 11, 2009 to 44 cents. It is expected that the U.S. Postal Service will raise rates again in subsequent years in accordance with the powers given the U.S. Postal Service in connection with the 2007 postal reform legislation. The U.S. Postal Service continues to focus on plans to reduce its costs and make its service more efficient. If the U.S. Postal Service were to change any policies relative to the requirements of first-class mail, including changes in size, weight or machinability qualifications of our DVD envelopes, such changes could result in increased shipping costs or higher breakage for our DVDs, and our gross margin could be adversely affected. For example, the Office of Inspector General (“OIG”) at the U.S. Postal Service issued a report in November 2007 recommending that the U.S. Postal Service revise the machinability qualifications for first class mail related to DVDs or to charge DVD mailers who don’t comply with the new regulations a 17 cent surcharge on all mail deemed unmachinable. In addition, a by-mail game rental company filed a complaint with the Postal Regulatory Commission alleging that the U.S. Postal Service unreasonably discriminated against it in favor of StreamVault Media and Blockbuster. To the extent this proceeding was to result in operational or regulatory changes impacting our mail processing, our gross margins and business operations could be adversely affected. Also, if the U.S. Postal Service curtails its services, such as by closing facilities or discontinuing or reducing Saturday delivery service, our ability to timely deliver DVDs could diminish, and our subscriber satisfaction could be adversely affected. If government regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. 11 Table of Contents The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet, including laws limiting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our subscription service and increase our cost of doing business. For example, in late 2010, the Federal Communications Commission adopted so-called net neutrality rules intended, in part, to prevent network operators from discriminating against legal traffic that transverse their networks. The rules are likely to be subject to interpretation and legal challenge. To the extent, that these rules are interpreted to enable network operators to engage in discriminatory practices or are overturned by legal challenge, our business could be adversely impacted. As we expand internationally, government regulation concerning the Internet, and in particular, network neutrality, may be nascent or non-existent. Within such a regulatory environment, coupled with potentially significant political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business. Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the Internet. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our subscriber acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. For example, in late 2010, Comcast informed Level 3 Communications that it would require Level 3 to pay for the ability to access Comcast’s network. Given that much of the traffic being requested by Comcast customers is StreamVault Media data stored with Level 3, many commentators have looked to this situation as an example of Comcast either discriminating against StreamVault Media traffic or trying to increase StreamVault Media’s operating costs. Furthermore, to the extent network operators were to create tiers of Internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the Internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, companies like Comcast, Time Warner Cable and Cablevision have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours, our business could be negatively impacted. Privacy concerns could limit our ability to leverage our subscriber data and our disclosure of or unauthorized access to subscriber data could adversely impact our business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with merchandising our service to our subscribers, we collect and utilize data supplied by our subscribers. We currently face certain legal obligations regarding the manner in which we treat such information. Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data collected on the Internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws, that limit our ability to use collected data, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if unauthorized access to our subscriber data were to occur or if we were to disclose data about our subscribers in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Our reputation and relationships with subscribers would be harmed if our subscriber data, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons. We maintain personal data regarding our subscribers, including names and, in many cases, mailing addresses. With respect to billing data, such as credit card numbers, we rely on licensed encryption and 12 Table of Contents authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our subscribers’ data. If, despite these measures, we, or our payment processing services, experience any unauthorized intrusion into our subscribers’ data, current and potential subscribers may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary for them to become subscribers, we could face legal claims, and our business could be adversely affected. Similarly, if a well-publicized breach of the consumer data security of any other major consumer Web site were to occur, there could be a general public loss of confidence in the use of the Internet for commerce transactions which could adversely affect our business. In addition, we do not obtain signatures from subscribers in connection with the use of credit cards by them. Under current credit card practices, to the extent we do not obtain cardholders’ signatures, we are liable for fraudulent credit card transactions, even when the associated financial institution approves payment of the orders. From time to time, fraudulent credit cards are used on our Web site to obtain service and access our DVD inventory and streaming. Typically, these credit cards have not been registered as stolen and are therefore not rejected by our automatic authorization safeguards. While we do have a number of other safeguards in place, we nonetheless experience some loss from these fraudulent transactions. We do not currently carry insurance against the risk of fraudulent credit card transactions. A failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions would harm our business and results of operations. Increases in payment processing fees or changes to operating rules would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our subscribers pay for our subscription services predominately using credit cards and debit cards. Our acceptance of these payment methods requires our payment of certain fees. From time to time, these fees may increase, either as a result of rate changes by the payment processing companies or as a result in a change in our business practices which increase the fees on a cost-per-transaction basis. Such increases may adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to rules, regulations and practices governing our accepted payment methods, which are predominately credit cards and debit cards. These rules, regulations and practices could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept these payment methods, and our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by our competitors, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third- parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings. We have filed and from time to time we expect to file for trademark and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third-parties may challenge any patents issued to or held by us, third-parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our patents, trademarks and other proprietary rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to subscribers and potential subscribers may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract subscribers may be adversely affected. 13 Table of Contents Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology, title selection processes and marketing activities. Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes and the content on our Web site. We use the intellectual property of third-parties in merchandising our products and marketing our service through contractual and other rights. From time to time, third-parties allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the Internet. We have not searched patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current Web site, streaming technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. As a result of a dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to protect our domain names, our reputation and brand could be adversely affected. We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including www.streamvaultmedia.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our Web site and our service. The acquisition and maintenance of domain names generally are regulated by governmental agencies and their designees. The regulation of domain names in the United States may change in the near future. Governing bodies may establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, we may be unable to acquire or maintain relevant domain names. Furthermore, the relationship between regulations governing domain names and laws protecting trademarks and similar proprietary rights is unclear. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all, to prevent third-parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. In the event of an earthquake or other natural or man-made disaster, our operations could be adversely affected. Our executive offices and data centers are located in the San Francisco Bay Area. We have shipping centers located throughout the United States, including earthquake and hurricane-sensitive areas. Our business and operations could be adversely affected in the event of these natural disasters as well as from electrical blackouts, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins or similar events. We may not be able to effectively shift our fulfillment and delivery operations to handle disruptions in service arising from these events. Because the San Francisco Bay Area is located in an earthquake-sensitive area, we are particularly susceptible to the risk of damage to, or total destruction of, our executive offices and data centers. We are not insured against any losses or expenses that arise from a disruption to our business due to earthquakes and may not have adequate insurance to cover losses and expenses from other natural disasters. We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management’s time and attention. From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. 14 Table of Contents Most of these matters relate to patent infringement lawsuits, which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, could occupy a significant amount of our management’s time and attention and could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations. In September 2010, we began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada and we anticipate further international expansion. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and political risks that are different from and incremental to those in the United States. In addition to the risks that we face in the United States our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including: • the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences; • difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; • management distraction; • political or social unrest and economic instability; • compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; • difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign jurisdictions; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • less favorable foreign intellectual property laws; • adverse tax consequences; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk; • profit repatriation and other restrictions on the transfer of funds; • new and different sources of competition; • different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws; and • availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our future international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations. We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders. From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. The decision to obtain additional capital will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. We issued $200 million in a debt offering and may incur additional debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. As of December 31, 2010, we have $200 million in 8.50% senior notes outstanding. Risks relating to our long-term indebtedness include: • Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 15 Table of Contents • Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate; and • Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms of indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and also require us to meet certain covenants. The failure to comply with such covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things: • Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third-parties including guarantees; • Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; • Make investments in entities that we do not control, including joint ventures; • Enter into certain asset sale transactions; • Enter into secured financing arrangements; • Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and • Enter into unrelated businesses. These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default under those agreements. Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership Our officers and directors and their affiliates will exercise control over StreamVault Media. As of December 31, 2010, our executive officers and directors and their immediate family members beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 11% of our outstanding common stock and stock options that are exercisable within 60 days. In particular, Martin Hale, our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, beneficially owned approximately 5%. These stockholders may have individual interests that are different from other stockholders and will be able to exercise influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, which could delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us. Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. Our charter documents may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because they: • authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; 16 Table of Contents • provide for a classified board of directors; • prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; • establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and • prohibit stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders. In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. Our stock price is volatile. The price at which our common stock has traded since our May 2002 initial public offering has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our control: • variations in our operating results; • variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community; • announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others; • competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services; • market volatility in general; • the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock; and • the operating results of our competitors. As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price. Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. Financial forecasting by us and financial analysts who may publish estimates of our performance may differ materially from actual results. Given the dynamic nature of our business, the current uncertain economic climate and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, number of net additions and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 17 Table of Contents Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate. The following table sets forth the location, approximate square footage, lease expiration and the primary use of each of our principal properties: Location Estimated Square Footage Lease Expiration Date Primary Use Maplewood, Washington 210,000 March 2018 Corporate office, general and administrative, marketing and technology and development Columbus, Ohio 90,000 August 2016 Receiving for the Company and storage center, processing and shipping center for the Columbus Area Hillsboro, Oregon 49,000 April 2016 Customer service center Beverly Hills, California 20,000 August 2015 Content acquisition, general and administrative We operate a nationwide network of distribution centers that serve major metropolitan areas throughout the United States. These fulfillment centers are under lease agreements that expire at various dates through August 2016. We also operate data centers in a leased third-party facility in Santa Clara, California. We believe that our current space will be adequate or that additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms for the foreseeable future. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. (Removed and Reserved) 18 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock has traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and its predecessor, the NASDAQ National Market, under the symbol “SVLT” since our initial public offering on May 23, 2002. The following table sets forth the intraday high and low sales prices per share of our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 2010 2009 High Low High Low First quarter $ 75.65 $ 48.52 $ 44.42 $ 28.78 Second quarter 127.96 73.62 50.24 36.25 Third quarter 174.40 95.33 48.20 37.93 Fourth quarter 209.24 147.35 61.65 44.30 As of January 31, 2011, there were approximately 199 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends, and we have no present intention of paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 19 Table of Contents Stock Performance Graph Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the Commission or “soliciting material” under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings. The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2010, the total cumulative stockholder return on the Company’s common stock with the total cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P North American Technology Internet Index. The Company was added to the S&P 500 Index on December 18, 2010. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2005, December 31, 2006, December 31, 2007, December 31, 2008, December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2010. Total cumulative stockholder return assumes $100 invested at the beginning of the period in the Company’s common stock, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index, the stocks represented in the S&P 500 Index and the stocks represented in the S&P North American Technology Internet Index, respectively, and reinvestment of any dividends. The S&P North American Technology Internet Index is a modified-capitalization weighted index of stocks representing the Internet industry, including Internet content and access providers, Internet software and services companies and e-commerce companies. Historical stock price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future stock price performance: 20 Table of Contents Item 6. Selected Financial Data The following selected financial data is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Year ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 2007 (1) 2006 (in thousands, except per share data) Revenues $ 2,162,625 $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 $ 1,205,340 $ 996,660 Total cost of revenues 1,357,355 1,079,271 910,234 786,168 626,985 Operating income 283,641 191,939 121,506 91,773 65,218 Net income 160,853 115,860 83,026 66,608 48,839 Net income per share: Basic $ 3.06 $ 2.05 $ 1.36 $ 0.99 $ 0.78 Diluted $ 2.96 $ 1.98 $ 1.32 $ 0.97 $ 0.71 Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic 52,529 56,560 60,961 67,076 62,577 Diluted 54,304 58,416 62,836 68,902 69,075 Notes: (1) Operating expenses for the year includes a one-time payment received in the amount of $7.0 million as a result of resolving a patent litigation with Blockbuster, Inc. As of December 31, 2010 2009 (3) 2008 2007 2006 (in thousands) Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 194,499 $ 134,224 $ 139,881 $ 177,439 $ 400,430 Short-term investments (2) 155,888 186,018 157,390 207,703 — Working capital 252,388 183,577 142,908 223,518 234,582 Total assets 982,067 679,734 615,424 678,998 633,013 Long-term debt 200,000 200,000 — — — Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion 34,123 36,572 37,988 35,652 23,798 Other non-current liabilities 69,201 16,583 14,264 4,629 1,761 Stockholders’ equity 290,164 199,143 347,155 429,812 413,618 (2) Short-term investments are comprised of corporate debt securities, government and agency securities and asset and mortgage-backed securities. (3) Certain amounts as of December 31, 2009 have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. As of / Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 (in thousands, except subscriber acquisition cost) Other Data: Total subscribers at end of period 20,010 12,268 9,390 7,479 6,316 Gross subscriber additions during period 16,301 9,332 6,859 5,340 5,250 Net subscriber additions during period 7,742 2,878 1,911 1,163 2,137 Subscriber acquisition cost (4) $ 18.03 $ 25.48 $ 29.12 $ 40.86 $ 42.94 21 Table of Contents (4) Subscriber acquisition cost is defined as total marketing expenses divided by total gross subscriber additions during the period. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview With 20 million subscribers as of December 31, 2010, we are the world’s leading Internet subscription service for enjoying TV shows and movies. Our subscribers can instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices and, in the United States, subscribers can also receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. Our core strategy is to grow our streaming subscription business within the United States and globally. We are continuously improving the customer experience, with a focus on expanding our streaming content, enhancing our user interfaces, and extending our streaming service to even more Internet-connected devices, while staying within the parameters of our operating margin targets. By continuously improving the customer experience, we believe we drive additional subscriber growth in the following ways: • Additional subscriber growth enables us to obtain more content, which in turn drives more subscriber growth. • Additional subscriber growth leads to greater word-of-mouth promotion of our service, which in turn leads to more subscriber growth at an increasingly cost-effective marketing spend. • Additional subscriber growth enables us to invest in further improvements to our service offering, which in turn leads to more subscriber growth. The following represents our performance highlights for 2010, 2009 and 2008: 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands, except per share data) Revenues $ 2,162,625 $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 Operating income 283,641 191,939 121,506 Net income 160,853 115,860 83,026 Net income per share—diluted $ 2.96 $ 1.98 $ 1.32 Total subscribers at end of period 20,010 12,268 9,390 Net subscriber additions 7,742 2,878 1,911 The increase in total subscribers, as well as the acceleration in our net subscriber additions, has fueled the significant growth in our revenues. These increases are offset partially by a reduction in the average revenue per paying subscriber which reflects the popularity of our lower priced plans. In 2010, we passed a significant milestone with the majority of our subscribers viewing more of their TV shows and movies via streaming than by DVD. Streaming hours are currently growing faster than DVD hours and while DVD shipments have grown 9.7% in 2010, we expect shipments will be flat to declining in future periods. In September 2010, we began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada. Substantially all of our revenues, operating income and net income are still generated in the United States; however initial results from our Canada expansion indicate positive operating margins may be achieved during 2011. As a result of this early success, we anticipate further international expansion into 22 Table of Contents additional markets in the second half of 2011 and will manage our business going forward with two distinct operating segments: United States and International. In 2011 operating margins for the United States are expected to increase, while international operating margins are expected to be negative as we invest in our international operations. Results of Operations The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, the line items in our consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of total revenues. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 Revenues 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenues: Subscription 53.4 54.4 55.8 Fulfillment expenses 9.4 10.2 10.9 Total cost of revenues 62.8 64.6 66.7 Gross margin 37.2 35.4 33.3 Operating expenses: Technology and development 7.6 6.9 6.6 Marketing 13.6 14.2 14.6 General and administrative 3.3 3.1 3.6 Gain on disposal of DVDs (0.4 ) (0.3 ) (0.4 ) Total operating expenses 24.1 23.9 24.4 Operating income 13.1 11.5 8.9 Other income (expense): Interest expense (0.9 ) (0.4 ) (0.2 ) Interest and other income 0.2 0.4 0.9 Income before income taxes 12.4 11.5 9.6 Provision for income taxes 5.0 4.6 3.5 Net income 7.4 % 6.9 % 6.1 % Revenues We derive substantially all of our revenues from monthly subscription fees and recognize subscription revenues ratably over each subscriber’s monthly subscription period. We record refunds to subscribers as a reduction of revenues. We currently generate substantially all of our revenues in the United States. In 2010, we began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada. We anticipate further international expansion in the second half of 2011. We offer subscription plans in the United States and Canada that allow our subscribers to instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices. In the United States, we offer a variety of subscription plans that in addition to streaming, offer subscribers DVDs by mail. The price per plan varies based on the number of DVDs that a subscriber has out at any given point. As of December 31, 2010, approximately 85% of our subscriber base has chosen either the unlimited streaming plan without DVDs at $7.99 per month or a 1 or 2 DVD-out unlimited plan, which are priced at $9.99 and $14.99 per month, respectively. Customers electing access to high definition Blu-ray discs in addition to standard definition DVDs pay a surcharge ranging from $1 to $4 for our most popular plans. 23 Table of Contents The following table presents our year-end subscriber information: As of December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Free subscribers 1,742 376 226 As a percentage of total subscribers (1) 8.7 % 3.1 % 2.4 % Paid subscribers 18,268 11,892 9,164 As a percentage of total subscribers 91.3 % 96.9 % 97.6 % Total subscribers 20,010 12,268 9,390 Percentage change over prior period 63.1 % 30.6 % (1) The 5.6 percentage point increase in free subscribers as a percentage of total subscribers as of December 31, 2010 as compared to December 31, 2009 is due to the expanded use of our one month free trial subscriptions over the previously used two week free trials, as well as increased demand during the holiday season. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages and average monthly revenue per paying subscriber) Revenues $ 2,162,625 $ 1,670,269 29.5 % Other data: Average number of paying subscribers 14,786 10,464 41.3 % Average monthly revenue per paying subscriber $ 12.19 $ 13.30 (8.3 )% The $492.4 million increase in our revenues was primarily a result of the 41.3% growth in the average number of paying subscribers arising from the continuous improvement to our customer experience which in turn, drives consumer awareness of our service benefits. This increase was offset in part by an 8.3% decline in average monthly revenue per paying subscriber, resulting from the continued growth in our lower priced subscription plans. The total number of average paying subscribers in our 1 and 2-out plans grew by 69.8% as compared to a 15.0% decline in all other plans during the year ended December 31, 2010. In the fourth quarter of 2010, when we introduced the unlimited streaming plan without DVDs, over one-third of new subscribers elected this option. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages and average monthly revenue per paying subscriber) Revenues $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 22.4 % Other data: Average number of paying subscribers 10,464 8,268 26.6 % Average monthly revenue per paying subscriber $ 13.30 $ 13.75 (3.3 )% The $305.6 million increase in our revenues was primarily a result of the 26.6% growth in the average number of paying subscribers arising from increased consumer awareness of the compelling value proposition of streaming and DVDs by mail for one low price and other benefits of our service. This increase was offset in part by a 3.3% decline in average monthly revenue per paying subscriber, resulting from the continued growth in our lower priced subscription plans. The total number of average paying subscribers in our 1 and 2-out plans grew by 48.1% as compared to a 1.1% decline in all other plans during the year ended December 31, 2009. Until the average price paid by our new subscriber additions is equal to the average price paid by existing subscribers, our average monthly revenue per paying subscriber will continue to decline. We expect lower priced plans to continue to grow as a percentage of our subscriber base. 24 Table of Contents Cost of Revenues Cost of Subscription Cost of subscription revenues consists of expenses related to the acquisition and licensing of content, as well as content delivery costs related to providing streaming content and shipping DVDs to subscribers. Costs related to free-trial periods are allocated to marketing expenses. Content acquisition and licensing expenses consist primarily of amortization of streaming content licenses, amortization of DVD library and revenue sharing expenses. We obtain content through streaming content license agreements, DVD direct purchases and DVD and streaming revenue sharing agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. Content delivery expenses consist of the postage costs to mail DVDs to and from our paying subscribers, the packaging and label costs for the mailers and all costs associated with streaming content over the Internet. We utilize third-party content delivery networks to help us efficiently stream content in high volume to our subscribers over the Internet. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of subscription $ 1,154,109 $ 909,461 26.9 % As a percentage of revenues 53.4 % 54.4 % The $244.6 million increase in cost of subscription revenues was due to the following factors: • Content acquisition and licensing expenses increased by $165.9 million. This increase was primarily attributable to investments in streaming content, partially offset by decreases in DVD content acquisitions. • Content delivery expenses increased $78.7 million primarily due to a 9.7% increase in the number of DVDs mailed to paying subscribers. The increase in the number of DVDs mailed was driven by a 41.3% increase in the average number of paying subscribers, partially offset by a 22.3% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber primarily attributed to the growing popularity of our lower priced plans and growth in streaming. In addition, content delivery expenses increased due to higher costs associated with our use of third-party delivery networks resulting from an increase in the total number of hours of streaming content viewed by our subscribers. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of subscription $ 909,461 $ 761,133 19.5 % As a percentage of revenues 54.4 % 55.8 % The $148.3 million increase in cost of subscription revenues was due to the following factors: • Content delivery expenses increased $101.7 million primarily due to an 18.6% increase in the number of DVDs mailed to paying subscribers. The increase in the number of DVDs mailed was driven by a 26.6% increase in the average number of paying subscribers, partially offset by a 6.3% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber primarily attributed to the growing popularity of our lower priced plans. • Content acquisition and licensing expenses increased by $46.6 million. This increase was primarily attributable to investments in streaming content. 25 Table of Contents Fulfillment Expenses Fulfillment expenses represent those expenses incurred in content processing, including operating and staffing our shipping centers, as well as receiving, encoding, inspecting and warehousing our content library. Fulfillment expenses also include operating and staffing our customer service centers and credit card fees. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) Fulfillment expenses $ 203,246 $ 169,810 19.7 % As a percentage of revenues 9.4 % 10.2 % The $33.4 million increase in fulfillment expenses was due to the following: • Shipping and customer service centers expenses increased $13.4 million primarily due to a $12.4 million increase in personnel costs resulting from a 10.0% increase in headcount to support the higher volume of content delivery and growth in subscribers. In addition, encoding costs increased $7.0 million in support of the increasing number of titles and platforms offered for streaming content. These increases were partially offset by a $4.7 million increase in costs related to free-trials allocated to marketing due primarily to the 74.7% increase in gross subscriber additions. • Credit card fees increased $20.0 million as a result of the 29.5% growth in revenues. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Fulfillment expenses $ 169,810 $ 149,101 13.9 % As a percentage of revenues 10.2 % 10.9 % The $20.7 million increase in fulfillment expenses was due to the following: • Shipping and customer service centers expenses increased $10.5 million primarily due to a 14.0% increase in headcount to support the higher volume of content delivery and growth in subscribers. • Credit card fees increased $10.2 million as a result of the 22.4% growth in revenues. Gross Margin Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages and average monthly gross profit per paying subscriber) Gross profit $ 805,270 $ 590,998 36.3 % Gross margin 37.2 % 35.4 % Average monthly gross profit per paying subscriber $ 4.54 $ 4.71 (3.6 )% 26 Table of Contents The 1.8 percentage point increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower DVD content acquisition expenses per DVD mailed and a 22.3% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber driven by the growing popularity of our lower priced plans and streaming. This decline in DVD usage was larger than the decline in average revenue per paying subscriber of 8.3%. The resulting increase to gross margin was offset partially by increased investments in our streaming content. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages and average monthly gross profit per paying subscriber) Gross profit $ 590,998 $ 454,427 30.1 % Gross margin 35.4 % 33.3 % Average monthly gross profit per paying subscriber $ 4.71 $ 4.58 2.8 % The 2.1 percentage point increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower DVD content acquisition expenses per DVD mailed and a 6.3% decline in monthly DVD rentals per average paying subscriber driven by the growing popularity of our lower priced plans. This decline was larger than the decline in average revenue per paying subscriber of 3.3%. The resulting increase to gross margin was offset partially by increased investments in our streaming content. We have increased and expect to continue to increase investments in content, in particular streaming content. These investments would reduce our gross margin to the extent that increases in content acquisition and licensing expenses outpace growth in our revenues. Operating Expenses Technology and Development Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related costs incurred in making improvements to our service offering, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interfaces, our recommendation and merchandising technology, as well as, telecommunications systems and infrastructure and other internal-use software systems. Technology and development expenses also include costs associated with computer hardware and software, as well as certain costs paid for third-party Internet-based or “cloud” computing services used in connection with our business. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) Technology and development $ 163,329 $ 114,542 42.6 % As a percentage of revenues 7.6 % 6.9 % The $48.8 million increase in technology and development expenses was primarily the result of a $27.7 million increase in personnel-related costs and a $14.2 million increase in facilities and equipment related expenses. These increases are primarily due to a 21% growth in headcount supporting continued improvements to our service. Personnel-related costs also increased due to a $5.7 million increase in stock-based compensation. In addition, costs paid for cloud computing services increased $7.7 million. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Technology and development $ 114,542 $ 89,873 27.4 % As a percentage of revenues 6.9 % 6.6 % The $24.7 million increase in technology and development expenses was primarily the result of a $17.4 million increase in personnel-related costs due to 26.6% growth in headcount to develop solutions for streaming 27 Table of Contents content and continued improvements to our service. The increase is also partly due to a $6.7 million increase in facilities and equipment expenses to support the increased headcount and overall growth of operations. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to our affiliates and consumer electronics partners and payroll related expenses. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising as well as, allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Payments to our affiliates and consumer electronics partners, may be in the form of a fixed-fee or may be a revenue sharing payment. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages and subscriber acquisition cost) Marketing $ 293,839 $ 237,744 23.6 % As a percentage of revenues 13.6 % 14.2 % Other Data: Gross subscriber additions 16,301 9,332 74.7 % Subscriber acquisition cost $ 18.03 $ 25.48 (29.2 )% The $56.1 million increase in marketing expenses was primarily attributable to an increase of $17.4 million in spending related to our consumer electronics partners, as we continued to expand the number of devices on which subscribers can view StreamVault Media content. The increase is also due to a $16.2 million increase in other marketing program spending, principally in TV and radio advertising to promote our service, offset by a decrease in direct mail and inserts. In addition, costs of free trials increased $21.0 million due to the 74.7% increase in gross subscriber additions, coupled with shipments of instant streaming discs which enable subscribers to stream content to certain consumer electronic devices and the expanded use of one month free trials. Subscriber acquisition cost decreased primarily due to continued strong organic subscriber growth. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages and subscriber acquisition cost) Marketing $ 237,744 $ 199,713 19.0 % As a percentage of revenues 14.2 % 14.6 % Other Data: Gross subscriber additions 9,332 6,859 36.1 % Subscriber acquisition cost $ 25.48 $ 29.12 (12.5 )% The $38.0 million increase in marketing expenses was primarily attributable to an increase of $21.4 million in spending related to affiliates including our consumer electronics partners. The increase is also due to an $11.5 million increase in other marketing program spending, principally in TV and radio advertising and direct mail to promote our service. Subscriber acquisition cost decreased primarily due to momentum associated with the launch of new consumer electronics partner devices and the broad appeal of streaming content. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for executive, finance, content acquisition and administrative personnel, as well as recruiting, professional fees and other general corporate expenses. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 70,555 $ 51,333 37.4 % As a percentage of revenues 3.3 % 3.1 % 28 Table of Contents The $19.2 million increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel-related costs of $11.7 million attributed to a $7.6 million increase in stock-based compensation and a 23.1% increase in headcount. Legal costs increased $8.9 million primarily resulting from ongoing litigation of claims against the Company as well as a $2.1 million release of accruals in 2009 that was associated with a former class action suit that settled in 2008. The terms of the class action settlement provided certain former and current subscribers with an optional free month subscription or free one-month upgrade to be utilized prior to the third quarter of 2009. The accrual related to those subscribers who did not utilize the free month prior to expiration was released in 2009. We expect legal costs to continue at a high level for the foreseeable future as we defend these claims. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 51,333 $ 49,662 3.4 % As a percentage of revenues 3.1 % 3.6 % The $1.7 million increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to a $7.4 million increase in legal costs resulting from ongoing litigation of claims against the Company. This increase is offset partially by a $2.7 million decrease in costs related to a significant reduction in the level of operations of our subsidiary, Red Envelope Entertainment, and a $2.1 million release of accruals in 2009 associated with a former class action suit that was settled in 2008. The terms of the class action settlement provided certain former and current subscribers with an optional free month subscription or free one-month upgrade to be utilized prior to the third quarter of 2009. The accrual related to those subscribers who did not utilize the free month prior to expiration was released. We also had decreases in personnel-related costs due to lower headcount as we streamline our administrative functions. Interest Expense Interest expense consists of the interest on our lease financing obligations and the interest on our 8.50% senior notes including the amortization of debt issuance costs. Also, in the fourth quarter of 2009, we expensed the debt issuance costs related to our line of credit. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest Expense $ 19,629 $ 6,475 203.2 % As a percentage of revenues 0.9 % 0.4 % The $13.2 million increase in interest expense is primarily attributable to the interest expense associated with our 8.50% senior notes. Interest expense in 2010 includes $2.3 million for our lease financing obligations, $17.0 million of interest payments due on our notes and $0.5 million of amortization of debt issuance costs. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest Expense $ 6,475 $ 2,458 163.4 % As a percentage of revenues 0.4 % 0.2 % The $4.0 million increase in interest expense is entirely attributable to the interest expense associated with our 8.50% senior notes and line of credit. Interest expense in 2009 includes $2.8 million for our lease financing obligations, $2.6 million of interest payments due on our notes and $1.1 million of amortization of debt issuance costs. 29 Table of Contents Interest and Other Income Interest and other income consist primarily of interest and dividend income generated from invested cash and short-term investments. Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other income $ 3,684 $ 6,728 (45.2 )% As a percentage of revenues 0.2 % 0.4 % The $3.0 million decrease in interest and other income was primarily attributable to a $1.8 million dollar gain realized in 2009 on the sale of our investment in a private company which we had accounted for under the cost method, coupled with lower average cash and investment balances resulting from the repurchase of our common stock. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other income $ 6,728 $ 12,452 (46.0 )% As a percentage of revenues 0.4 % 0.9 % The $5.7 million decrease in interest and other income was primarily attributable to lower cash and investment balances resulting from the repurchase of our common stock, and a $1.6 million decrease in realized gains recognized as compared to the prior year. The decrease was offset by a $1.8 million dollar gain realized in 2009 on the sale of our investment in a private company which we accounted for under the cost method. Interest and dividend income was approximately $2.7 million, $3.7 million and $9.2 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Interest and other income included gains of approximately $1.0 million, $1.5 million and $3.1 million on the sale of short-term investments in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Provision for Income Taxes Year ended December 31, Change 2010 2009 2010 vs. 2009 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 106,843 $ 76,332 40.0 % Effective tax rate 39.9 % 39.7 % In 2010, our effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% principally due to state income taxes of $15.6 million or 5.8% of income before income tax. This was partially offset by Federal and California research and development (“R&D”) tax credits of $3.3 million. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2010 was relatively flat as compared to our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2009. In December 2010, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was signed into law. One of the major components of this legislation is the reinstatement of the Federal R&D Credit retroactively to January 1, 2010. As a result, we recorded a Federal R&D Credit of approximately $1.8 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2010. Year ended December 31, Change 2009 2008 2009 vs. 2008 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 76,332 $ 48,474 57.5 % Effective tax rate 39.7 % 36.9 % 30 Table of Contents In 2009, our effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 35% principally due to state income taxes of $10.4 million or 5.4% of income before income tax. This was partially offset by Federal and California R&D tax credits of $1.6 million. The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily attributable to a cumulative benefit recorded as a discrete item in the second quarter of 2008 for prior period R&D tax credits. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary source of liquidity has been cash generated from operations. Additionally, in November 2009, we issued $200 million of our 8.50% senior notes due in 2017. Our primary uses of cash include payroll, advertising and payments to consumer electronics partners, stock repurchases, acquisition and licensing of content, content delivery, fulfillment expenses, taxes and capital expenditures related to information technology and automation equipment. We expect to continue to make substantial investments to obtain content, and in particular expect to increase spending associated with streaming content. Streaming content commitments have grown and continue to grow as we typically enter into multi-year, fixed-fee licenses. These investments could impact our liquidity and in particular our operating cash flows. Although we currently anticipate that cash flows from operations, together with our available funds, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future, we may require or choose to obtain additional financing. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. On June 11, 2010, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program allowing us to repurchase $300 million of our common stock through the end of 2012. As of December 31, 2010, $240.6 million of this authorization is remaining. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, debt covenant requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. The following table highlights selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents $ 194,499 $ 134,224 $ 139,881 Short-term investments 155,888 186,018 157,390 $ 350,387 $ 320,242 $ 297,271 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 276,401 $ 325,063 $ 284,037 Net cash used in investing activities $ (116,081 ) $ (246,079 ) $ (144,960 ) Net cash used in financing activities $ (100,045 ) $ (84,641 ) $ (176,635 ) Operating Activities Cash provided by operating activities decreased by $48.7 million or 15.0% during the year ended December 31, 2010 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009 primarily due to increased spending for content acquisition and licensing other than DVD library of $267.8 million. This increase was coupled with increased content delivery expenses of $78.7 million primarily resulting from a 9.7% increase in the number of DVDs mailed to paying subscribers and higher costs associated with our use of third-party delivery networks to deliver streaming content, increased promotional advertising activities and expenses related to our affiliates and consumer electronics partners totaling $33.6 million, increased payroll expenses of $36.2 million due to a 11% increase in employees, increased fulfillment expenses of $33.4 million, and increased current tax provision of 31 Table of Contents $30.5 million. In addition, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation increased by $49.5 million. The increase in these expenses was partially offset by an increase in subscription revenues of $492.4 million resulting from a 41.3% increase in the average number of paying subscribers. Cash provided by operating activities increased by $41.0 million or 14.4% during the year ended December 31, 2009 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 primarily due to an increase in subscription revenues of $305.6 million resulting from a 26.6% increase in the average number of paying subscribers. This increase in subscription revenues was partially offset by an increase in spending for content acquisition and licensing other than DVD library of $67.7 million. This increase was coupled with increased content delivery expenses of $101.7 million primarily resulting from an 18.6% increase in the number of DVDs mailed to paying subscribers and higher costs associated with our use of third-party delivery networks to deliver streaming content, increased promotional advertising activities and expenses related to our affiliates and consumer electronic partners totaling $32.9 million, increased payroll expenses of $27.3 million due to a 25% increase in employees, increased fulfillment expenses of $20.7 million, and increased current tax provision of $27.9 million. Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2010 decreased $130.0 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009 primarily due to a $120.6 million decrease in the purchases of available-for-sale securities and a $69.1 million decrease in acquisitions of DVD content library, as more DVDs were obtained through revenue sharing arrangements. In addition, purchases of property and equipment decreased by $12.1 million, as a significant amount of payments for automation equipment for our various shipping centers were made in 2009. This decrease was partially offset by a $65.7 million decrease in proceeds from the sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2009 increased $101.1 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 primarily due to a $105.0 million decrease in the proceeds from the sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities partially offset by a decrease in the purchases of available-for-sale securities of $29.0 million. In addition, acquisitions of DVDs increased by $30.2 million. Financing Activities Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2010 increased $15.4 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009 primarily due to the $193.9 million net proceeds received from the issuance of our 8.50% senior notes in 2009. This decrease was partially offset by a $114.1 million decrease in repurchases of our common stock coupled with a $49.5 million increase in the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and a $14.5 million increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock. Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2009 decreased by $92.0 million as compared to 2008 primarily due to the $193.9 million net proceeds received from the issuance of our 8.50% senior notes and a $16.4 million increase in proceeds received from the issuance of common stock. In addition, the excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation increased by $7.5 million in 2009. These cash inflows were offset by an increase in repurchases of our common stock of $124.4 million. Free Cash Flow We define free cash flow as cash provided by operating and investing activities excluding the non-operational cash flows from purchases and sales of short-term investments and cash flows from investments in businesses. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments, repurchase our stock, and for certain other activities. Free cash flow is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, net income, operating income, cash flow from operating 32 Table of Contents activities, or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, a GAAP financial measure, to free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands) Non-GAAP free cash flow reconciliation: Net cash provided by operating activities $ 276,401 $ 325,063 $ 284,037 Acquisition of DVD content library (123,901 ) (193,044 ) (162,849 ) Purchases of property and equipment (33,837 ) (45,932 ) (43,790 ) Acquisition of intangible assets (505 ) (200 ) (1,062 ) Proceeds from sale of DVDs 12,919 11,164 18,368 Other assets (70 ) 71 (1 ) Non-GAAP free cash flow $ 131,007 $ 97,122 $ 94,703 Free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2010 increased $33.9 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2009 primarily due to lower DVD content library and property and equipment expenditures. These reduced spending levels more than offset the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities described above. Free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2009 increased $2.4 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 primarily due to an increase in cash flow from operations, offset by higher DVD content library expenditures and a decrease in the proceeds from sale of previously viewed DVDs. Contractual Obligations For the purposes of this table, contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The expected timing of payment of the obligations discussed above is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2010. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2010: Payments due by Period Contractual obligations (in thousands): Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years 8.50% senior notes $ 319,000 $ 17,000 $ 34,000 $ 34,000 $ 234,000 Operating lease obligations 53,038 13,693 21,995 12,304 5,046 Lease financing obligations (1) 23,573 4,184 7,372 5,886 6,131 Content obligations (2) 1,299,176 530,878 531,698 236,600 — Other purchase obligations 157,957 85,546 68,036 4,375 — Total $ 1,852,744 $ 651,301 $ 663,101 $ 293,165 $ 245,177 (1) In the first quarter of 2010, we extended the facilities leases for the Maplewood, Washington buildings. See note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our lease financing obligations. (2) Content obligations include agreements to acquire and license content that represent long-term liabilities or that are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate what the total obligation may be beyond any minimum quantities and/ or pricing as of the reporting date. For those agreements that include renewal provisions that are solely at the option of the content provider, we include the commitments associated with the renewal period to the extent such commitments are fixed or a minimum amount is specified. For these reasons, the amounts presented in the table may not provide a reliable indicator of our expected future cash outflows. 33 Table of Contents We have entered into certain license agreements that include an unspecified or a maximum number of titles that we may or may not receive in the future and/or that include pricing contingent upon certain variables, such as domestic theatrical exhibition receipts for the title. As of the reporting date, it is unknown whether we will receive access to these titles or what the ultimate price per title will be. Accordingly such amounts are not reflected in the above contractual obligations table. However such amounts are expected to be significant. As of December 31, 2010, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $20.7 million and an additional $1.7 million for gross interest and penalties classified as non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At this time, the Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not engaged in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. Accordingly, our operating results, financial condition and cash flows are not presently subject to off-balance sheet risks. Indemnifications In the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual arrangements under which we agree to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract. Further, our obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time and/or amount, and in some instances, we may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has defined a company’s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require a company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Content Accounting We obtain content through streaming content license agreements, DVD direct purchases and DVD and streaming revenue sharing agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. We obtain content distribution rights in order to stream TV shows and movies to subscribers’ TVs, computers and mobile devices. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed-fee for the term of the license agreement. The license agreement may or may not be recognized in content library. 34 Table of Contents When the streaming license fee is known or reasonably determinable for a specific title and the specific title is first available for streaming to subscribers, the title is recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as current content library for the portion available for streaming within one year and as non-current content library for the remaining portion. New titles recognized in the content library are classified in the line item “Acquisition of streaming content library” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. We amortize the content library on a straight-line basis over each title’s window of availability. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item “Amortization of content library” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. For the titles recognized in content library, the license fees due but not paid are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as “Accounts payable” for the amounts due within one year and as “Other non-current liabilities” for the amounts due beyond one year. Changes in these liabilities are classified in the line items “Accounts payable” and “Other assets and liabilities” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Commitments for the titles not yet available for streaming are not yet recognized in the content library and are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. When the streaming license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title, the title does not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library. The license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title in fixed fee license agreements that do not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title and the windows of availability per title. Over the term of these agreements, we typically make periodic fixed prepayments that are classified in prepaid content on the consolidated balance sheets. We amortize the license fees on a straight-line basis over the term of each license agreement. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item “Net income” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Changes in prepaid content are classified within net cash provided by operating activities in the line item “Prepaid content” in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Commitments for licenses that do not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. We acquire DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to our subscribers and earning subscription rental revenues, and, as such, we consider our direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, we classify our DVD library as a non-current asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified in the line item “Acquisition of DVD content library” within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. We amortize our direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a “sum-of-the-months” accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back-catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, we consider historical utilization patterns, primarily the number of times a DVD title is shipped to subscribers in a given period, as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The amortization of the DVD content library is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statement of operations and in the line item “Amortization of content library” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. We also obtain DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. Revenue sharing obligations incurred based on utilization are classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item “Net income” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements obligate us to make a low initial payment for certain titles, representing a minimum contractual obligation under the agreement. The low initial payment is in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of our subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the title term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial payment may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with our DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial payment may also be in the form of a prepayment of future 35 Table of Contents revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid content. This payment is amortized as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. If during the title term, we determine that the full prepayment will not be amortized based on utilization, a provision for the estimated difference is recorded in the period that such shortfall is deemed probable. Under the revenue sharing agreements for our DVD library, at the end of the title term, we generally have the option of returning the DVDs to the studio, destroying the DVDs or purchasing the DVDs. In most cases, we purchase the DVDs when we have the ability to do so. This end of term buy-out is also included in DVD library at the time of purchase. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation cost at the grant date is based on the total number of options granted and an estimate of the fair value of the awards expected to vest and is recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. We calculate the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards under our stock option plans using a lattice-binomial model. We use a Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of employee stock purchase plan shares. These models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying stock. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of options granted and our results of operations could be impacted. • Expected Volatility: Our computation of expected volatility is based on a blend of historical volatility of our common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of our common stock. Our decision to incorporate implied volatility was based on our assessment that implied volatility of publicly traded options in our common stock is more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of our common stock. We include the historical volatility in our computation due to low trade volume of our tradable forward call options in certain periods thereby precluding sole reliance on implied volatility. An increase of 10% in our computation of expected volatility would increase the total stock-based compensation expense by approximately $1.2 million. • Suboptimal Exercise Factor: Our computation of the suboptimal exercise factor is based on historical option exercise behavior and the terms and vesting periods of the options granted and is determined for both executives and non-executives. An increase in the suboptimal exercise factor of 10% would increase the total stock-based compensation by approximately $1.5 million. Income Taxes We record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of any tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, and our forecast of future earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The assumptions utilized in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. Actual operating results in future years could differ from our current 36 Table of Contents assumptions, judgments and estimates. However, we believe that it is more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets recorded on our balance sheet will ultimately be realized. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such determination. We did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. At December 31, 2010, our estimated gross unrecognized tax benefits were $20.7 million of which $16.8 million, if recognized, would favorably impact our future earnings. Due to uncertainties in any tax audit outcome, our estimates of the ultimate settlement of our unrecognized tax positions may change and the actual tax benefits may differ significantly from the estimates. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal, while at the same time maximizing income we receive from investments without significantly increased risk. To achieve this objective, we follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes. We maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities. These securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders equity in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2010, we had no material impairment charges associated with our short-term investment portfolio. Although we believe our current investment portfolio has very little risk of material impairment, we cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no assurance that our investment portfolio will remain materially unimpaired. Some of the securities we invest in may be subject to market risk due to changes in prevailing interest rates which may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate at the then-prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the value of our investment will decline. At December 31, 2010, our cash equivalents were generally invested in money market funds, which are not subject to market risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate. Our short-term investments were comprised of corporate debt securities, government and agency securities and asset and mortgage-backed securities. At December 31, 2010, we had securities classified as short-term investments of $155.9 million. Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of these investments. The table below separates these investments, based on stated maturities, to show the approximate exposure to interest rates. (in thousands) Due within one year $ 18,966 Due within five years 134,014 Due within ten years — Due after ten years 2,908 Total $ 155,888 A sensitivity analysis was performed on our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2010. The analysis is based on an estimate of the hypothetical changes in market value of the portfolio that would result from an immediate parallel shift in the yield curve of various magnitudes. This methodology assumes a more immediate change in interest rates to reflect the current economic environment. 37 Table of Contents The following table presents the hypothetical fair values (in $ thousands) of our debt securities classified as short-term investments assuming immediate parallel shifts in the yield curve of 50 basis points (“BPS”), 100 BPS and 150 BPS. The analysis is shown as of December 31, 2010: Fair Value December 31, 2010 -150 BPS -100 BPS -50 BPS +50 BPS +100 BPS +150 BPS $159,307 $ 158,167 $ 157,028 $ 154,749 $ 153,609 $ 152,469 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data See “Financial Statements” beginning on page F-1 which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within StreamVault Media have been detected. (b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act)). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework . Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2010. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that is included herein. 38 Table of Contents (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2010 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 39 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information regarding our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the sections “Proposal One: Election of Directors,” “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance” and “Code of Ethics” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Compensation of Executive Officers and Other Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information with respect to principal independent registered public accounting firm fees and services is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption “Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 40 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (2) Financial Statement Schedules: The financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” (3) Exhibits: Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.1 August 2, 2004 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 000-78901 3.1 March 20, 2009 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.3 August 2, 2004 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-83878 4.1 April 16, 2002 4.2 Indenture, dated November 6, 2009, among StreamVault Media, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, relating to the 8.50% Senior Notes due 2017. 8-K 000-78901 4.1 November 9, 2009 10.1† Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors S-1/A 333-83878 10.1 March 20, 2002 10.2† 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Def 14A 000-78901 A April 8, 2010 10.3† Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Plan S-1/A 333-83878 10.3 May 16, 2002 10.4† Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-78901 A March 31, 2006 10.5 Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Rights Agreement S-1 333-83878 10.5 March 6, 2002 10.8 Description of Director Equity Compensation Plan 8-K 000-78901 99.2 June 16, 2010 10.10† Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan 10-Q 000-78901 10.10 May 5, 2009 41 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm X 24 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 * Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 The following financial information from StreamVault Media’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 filed with the SEC on February 18, 2011, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. X * These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. † Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 42 Table of Contents StreamVault Media INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders StreamVault Media: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of StreamVault Media and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2010. We also have audited StreamVault Media, Inc’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). StreamVault Media’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under item 9A(b). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of StreamVault Media and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2010, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, StreamVault Media maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. /s/ KPMG LLP Mountain View, California February 18, 2011 F-2 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) As of December 31, 2010 2009 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 194,499 $ 134,224 Short-term investments 155,888 186,018 Current content library, net 181,006 37,329 Prepaid content 62,217 26,741 Other current assets 47,357 26,701 Total current assets 640,967 411,013 Content library, net 180,973 108,810 Property and equipment, net 128,570 131,653 Deferred tax assets 17,467 15,958 Other non-current assets 14,090 12,300 Total assets $ 982,067 $ 679,734 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 222,824 $ 92,542 Accrued expenses 36,489 33,387 Current portion of lease financing obligations 2,083 1,410 Deferred revenue 127,183 100,097 Total current liabilities 388,579 227,436 Long-term debt 200,000 200,000 Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion 34,123 36,572 Other non-current liabilities 69,201 16,583 Total liabilities 691,903 480,591 Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009 — — Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; 52,781,949 and 53,440,073 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively 53 53 Additional paid-in capital 51,622 — Accumulated other comprehensive income 750 273 Retained earnings 237,739 198,817 Total stockholders’ equity 290,164 199,143 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 982,067 $ 679,734 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 Revenues $ 2,162,625 $ 1,670,269 $ 1,364,661 Cost of revenues: Subscription 1,154,109 909,461 761,133 Fulfillment expenses 203,246 169,810 149,101 Total cost of revenues 1,357,355 1,079,271 910,234 Gross profit 805,270 590,998 454,427 Operating expenses: Technology and development 163,329 114,542 89,873 Marketing 293,839 237,744 199,713 General and administrative 70,555 51,333 49,662 Gain on disposal of DVDs (6,094 ) (4,560 ) (6,327 ) Total operating expenses 521,629 399,059 332,921 Operating income 283,641 191,939 121,506 Other income (expense): Interest expense (19,629 ) (6,475 ) (2,458 ) Interest and other income 3,684 6,728 12,452 Income before income taxes 267,696 192,192 131,500 Provision for income taxes 106,843 76,332 48,474 Net income $ 160,853 $ 115,860 $ 83,026 Net income per share: Basic $ 3.06 $ 2.05 $ 1.36 Diluted $ 2.96 $ 1.98 $ 1.32 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic 52,529 56,560 60,961 Diluted 54,304 58,416 62,836 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings Total Stockholders’ Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2007 64,912,915 $ 65 $ 402,710 $ — $ 1,611 $ 25,426 $ 429,812 Net income — — — — — 83,026 83,026 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes — — — — (1,527 ) — (1,527 ) Comprehensive income, net of taxes — — — — — — 81,499 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 1,056,641 — 14,019 — — — 14,019 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 231,068 — 4,853 — — — 4,853 Repurchases of common stock (3,847,062 ) (3 ) (99,881 ) — — — (99,884 ) Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury (3,491,084 ) — — (100,020 ) — — (100,020 ) Stock-based compensation expense — — 12,264 — — — 12,264 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 4,612 — — — 4,612 Balances as of December 31, 2008 58,862,478 $ 62 $ 338,577 $ (100,020 ) $ 84 $ 108,452 $ 347,155 Net income — — — — — 115,860 115,860 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes — — — — 189 — 189 Comprehensive income, net of taxes — — — — — — 116,049 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 1,724,110 1 29,508 — — — 29,509 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 224,799 — 5,765 — — — 5,765 Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock (7,371,314 ) (10 ) (398,850 ) 100,020 — (25,495 ) (324,335 ) Stock-based compensation expense — — 12,618 — — — 12,618 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 12,382 — — — 12,382 Balances as of December 31, 2009 53,440,073 $ 53 $ — $ — $ 273 $ 198,817 $ 199,143 Net income — — — — — 160,853 160,853 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes — — — — 477 — 477 Comprehensive income, net of taxes — — — — — — 161,330 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 1,902,073 2 47,080 — — — 47,082 Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 46,112 — 2,694 — — — 2,694 Repurchases of common stock (2,606,309 ) (2 ) (88,326 ) — — (121,931 ) (210,259 ) Stock-based compensation expense — — 27,996 — — — 27,996 Excess stock option income tax benefits — — 62,178 — — — 62,178 Balances as of December 31, 2010 52,781,949 $ 53 $ 51,622 $ — $ 750 $ 237,739 $ 290,164 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents StreamVault Media CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 160,853 $ 115,860 $ 83,026 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Acquisition of streaming content library (406,210 ) (64,217 ) (48,290 ) Amortization of content library 300,596 219,490 209,757 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles 38,099 38,044 32,454 Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments 859 607 625 Amortization of debt issuance costs 514 1,124 — Stock-based compensation expense 27,996 12,618 12,264 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation (62,214 ) (12,683 ) (5,220 ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment 394 254 101 Gain on sale of short-term investments (1,033 ) (1,509 ) (3,130 ) Gain on disposal of DVDs (9,862 ) (7,637 ) (13,350 ) Gain on sale of business — (1,783 ) — Deferred taxes (962 ) 6,328 (5,905 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid content (35,476 ) (5,643 ) (13,458 ) Other current assets (21,763 ) (5,358 ) 9,277 Accounts payable 139,983 (1,189 ) 7,111 Accrued expenses 67,209 13,169 (1,824 ) Deferred revenue 27,086 16,970 11,462 Other assets and liabilities 50,332 618 9,137 Net cash provided by operating activities 276,401 325,063 284,037 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of DVD content library (123,901 ) (193,044 ) (162,849 ) Purchases of short-term investments (107,362 ) (228,000 ) (256,959 ) Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 120,857 166,706 304,163 Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 15,818 35,673 3,170 Purchases of property and equipment (33,837 ) (45,932 ) (43,790 ) Proceeds from sale of DVDs 12,919 11,164 18,368 Acquisitions of intangible assets (505 ) (200 ) (1,062 ) Investment in business — — (6,000 ) Proceeds from sale of business — 7,483 — Other assets (70 ) 71 (1 ) Net cash used in investing activities (116,081 ) (246,079 ) (144,960 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments of lease financing obligations (1,776 ) (1,158 ) (823 ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock 49,776 35,274 18,872 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 62,214 12,683 5,220 Borrowings on line of credit, net of issuance costs — 18,978 — Payments on line of credit — (20,000 ) — Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs — 193,917 — Repurchases of common stock (210,259 ) (324,335 ) (199,904 ) Net cash used in financing activities (100,045 ) (84,641 ) (176,635 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 60,275 (5,657 ) (37,558 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 134,224 139,881 177,439 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 194,499 $ 134,224 $ 139,881 Supplemental disclosure: Income taxes paid $ 56,218 $ 58,770 $ 40,494 Interest paid 20,101 3,878 2,458 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents StreamVault Media NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business StreamVault Media (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. With 20 million subscribers as of December 31, 2010, the Company is an Internet subscription service streaming TV shows and movies. The Company’s subscribers can instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices and in the United States, subscribers can also receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. The Company is organized into two operating segments, United States and International. In September 2010, the Company began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada. Substantially all of the Company’s revenues are generated in the United States, and all of the Company’s long-lived assets are held in the United States. The Company’s revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Reclassification Certain prior period balance sheet amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities, and did not impact stockholders’ equity, results of operations or cash flows. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short-term investments. F-7 Table of Contents Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. Content Library The Company obtains content through streaming content license agreements, DVD direct purchases and DVD and streaming revenue sharing agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream TV shows and movies to subscribers’ TVs, computers and mobile devices. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed-fee for the term of the license agreement. The license agreement may or may not be recognized in content library. When the streaming license fee is known or reasonably determinable for a specific title and the specific title is first available for streaming to subscribers, the title is recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as current content library for the portion available for streaming within one year and as non-current content library for the remaining portion. New titles recognized in the content library are classified in the line item “Acquisition of streaming content library” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company amortizes the content library on a straight-line basis over each title’s window of availability. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item “Amortization of content library” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. For the titles recognized in content library, the license fees due but not paid are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as “Accounts payable” for the amounts due within one year and as “Other non-current liabilities” for the amounts due beyond one year. Changes in these liabilities are classified in the line items “Accounts payable” and “Other assets and liabilities” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Commitments for the titles not yet available for streaming are not yet recognized in the content library and are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. When the streaming license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title, the title does not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library. The license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title in fixed fee license agreements that do not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title and the windows of availability per title. Over the term of these agreements, the Company typically makes periodic fixed prepayments that are classified in prepaid content on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company amortizes the license fees on a straight-line basis over the term of each license agreement. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item “Net income” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Changes in prepaid content are classified within net cash provided by operating activities in the line item “Prepaid content” in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Commitments for licenses that do not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its subscribers and earning subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified in the line item “Acquisition of DVD content library” within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a “sum-of-the-months” accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back-catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the Company considers F-8 Table of Contents historical utilization patterns, primarily the number of times a DVD title is shipped to subscribers in a given period, as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The amortization of the DVD content library is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statement of operations and in the line item “Amortization of content library” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. Revenue sharing obligations incurred based on utilization are classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item “Net income” within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements obligate the Company to make a low initial payment for certain titles, representing a minimum contractual obligation under the agreement. The low initial payment is in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the title term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial payment may be in the form of an upfront non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with the Company’s DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial payment may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid content. This payment is amortized as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. If during the title term, the Company determines that the full prepayment will not be amortized based on utilization, a provision for the estimated difference is recorded in the period that such shortfall is deemed probable. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its DVD library, at the end of the title term, the Company generally has the option of returning the DVDs to the studio, destroying the DVDs or purchasing the DVDs. In most cases, the Company purchases the DVDs when it has the ability to do so. This end of term buy-out is also included in DVD library at the time of purchase. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the “sale-leaseback” criteria. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. Capitalized Software Costs Costs incurred during the application development stage for software programs to be used solely to meet the Company’s internal needs are capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of software used by the Company’s subscribers, such as that included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized during the period between technological feasibility and general availability of the software. Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years. The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant as of December 31, 2010 and 2009. F-9 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber’s monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company’s affiliates and consumer electronics partners and payroll related expenses. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising, as well as allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $212.4 million, $175.0 million and $158.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Income Taxes The Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2010 or 2009. The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. Stock Repurchases To facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury stock. Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. Comprehensive Income Other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders’ equity. F-10 Table of Contents Net Income Per Share Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the Company’s employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. The computation of net income per share is as follows: Year ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands, except per share data) Basic earnings per share: Net income $ 160,853 $ 115,860 $ 83,026 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 52,529 56,560 60,961 Basic earnings per share $ 3.06 $ 2.05 $ 1.36 Diluted earnings per share: Net income $ 160,853 $ 115,860 $ 83,026 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 52,529 56,560 60,961 Employee stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares 1,775 1,856 1,875 Weighted-average number of shares 54,304 58,416 62,836 Diluted earnings per share $ 2.96 $ 1.98 $ 1.32 Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The number of options excluded are immaterial for all periods presented. Stock-Based Compensation The Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation. F-11 Table of Contents 2. Short-term Investments The Company’s investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company’s policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. Short-term investments are therefore classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value as follows: December 31, 2010 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Corporate debt securities $ 109,745 $ 1,043 $ (101 ) $ 110,687 Government and agency securities 42,062 331 (101 ) 42,292 Asset and mortgage backed securities 2,881 168 (140 ) 2,909 $ 154,688 $ 1,542 $ (342 ) $ 155,888 December 31, 2009 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Corporate debt securities $ 82,362 $ 915 $ (106 ) $ 83,171 Government and agency securities 96,998 72 (416 ) 96,654 Asset and mortgage backed securities 6,262 143 (212 ) 6,193 $ 185,622 $ 1,130 $ (734 ) $ 186,018 Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2010. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in 2010, 2009 or 2008. The gross realized gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were $1.0 million, $1.9 million and $4.9 million, respectively. There were no material gross realized losses from the sale of available-for-sale investments for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. The gross realized losses on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the year ended 2008 were $1.8 million. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income. The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2010 is as follows: (in thousands) Due within one year $ 18,966 Due after one year and through 5 years 134,014 Due after 5 years and through 10 years — Due after 10 years 2,908 Total short-term investments $ 155,888 F-12 Table of Contents The Company measures certain financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2010 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (in thousands) Current Assets: Money market funds (1) $ 353 $ 353 $ — $ — Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2) 155,888 — 155,888 — Total current financial assets 156,241 353 155,888 — Non-current Assets: Money market funds (3) 4,561 4,561 — — Total non-current financial assets 4,561 4,561 — — Total financial assets $ 160,802 $ 4,914 $ 155,888 $ — Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2009 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (in thousands) Current Assets: Money market funds (1) $ 690 $ 690 $ — $ — Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2) 186,018 — 186,018 — Total current financial assets 186,708 690 186,018 — Non-current Assets: Money market funds (3) 2,829 2,829 — — Total non-current financial assets 2,829 2,829 — — Total financial assets $ 189,537 $ 3,519 $ 186,018 $ — (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. (2) Included in short-term investments in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. (3) Included in other non-current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as these funds represent restricted cash related to workers compensation deposits. The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company’s available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 1 category is based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These values were obtained from an independent pricing service and were evaluated using pricing models that vary by asset class and may incorporate available trade, bid and other F-13 Table of Contents market information and price quotes from well established independent pricing vendors and broker-dealers. Our procedures include controls to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded, such as comparing prices obtained from multiple independent sources. See Note 4 for further information regarding the fair value of the 8.50% senior notes. 3. Balance Sheet Components Content Library, Net Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2010 2009 (in thousands) DVD content library, gross $ 627,392 $ 638,006 Streaming content library, gross 441,637 104,796 Content library, gross 1,069,029 742,802 Less: accumulated amortization (707,050 ) (596,663 ) 361,979 146,139 Less: Current content library, net 181,006 37,329 Content library, net $ 180,973 $ 108,810 Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2010 2009 (in thousands) Computer equipment 3 years $ 60,289 $ 62,132 Operations and other equipment 5 years 72,368 65,059 Software, including internal-use software 3 years 26,961 35,401 Furniture and fixtures 3 years 11,438 12,421 Building 30 years 40,681 40,681 Leasehold improvements Over life of lease 36,530 35,156 Capital work-in-progress 16,882 15,097 Property and equipment, gross 265,149 265,947 Less: Accumulated depreciation (136,579 ) (134,294 ) Property and equipment, net $ 128,570 $ 131,653 Capital work-in-progress as of December 31, 2010 consists primarily of approximately $16 million of operations equipment. In 2010, the Company wrote-off fully depreciated equipment and software of $33.9 million related to assets that were no longer in existence. Other non-current Assets Other non-current assets consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2010 2009 (in thousands) Patents, net $ 1,587 $ 1,639 Restricted cash 4,561 2,829 Debt issuance costs, net 5,480 5,966 Other 2,462 1,866 Other non-current assets $ 14,090 $ 12,300 F-14 Table of Contents Restricted cash of $4.6 million and $2.8 million, as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, related to workers’ compensation insurance deposits. Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2010 2009 (in thousands) Accrued state sales and use tax $ 14,983 $ 11,625 Accrued payroll and employee benefits 8,520 6,427 Accrued interest on debt 2,125 2,597 Accrued content acquisition costs 6,950 5,810 Other 3,911 6,928 Accrued expenses $ 36,489 $ 33,387 Other non-current Liabilities Other non-current liabilities consisted of the following: As of December 31, 2010 2009 (in thousands) Accrued content acquisition costs $ 48,179 $ 2,227 Other 21,022 14,356 Other non-current liabilities $ 69,201 $ 16,583 4. Long-term Debt Senior Notes In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November 15, 2017 (the “8.50% Notes”). The net proceeds to the Company from the 8.50% Notes were approximately $193.9 million. Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million are recorded in other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50% per annum on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on May 15, 2010. The 8.50% Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. Prior to November 15, 2012, in the event of a qualified equity offering, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 8.50% Notes at a redemption price of 108.50% of the principal plus accrued interest. Additionally, the Company may redeem the 8.50% Notes prior to November 15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a “make-whole” premium. On or after November 15, 2013, the Company may redeem the 8.50% Notes in whole or in part at specified prices ranging from 104.25% to 100% of the principal plus accrued interest. The 8.50% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company’s ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness (other than specified types of permitted indebtedness); dispose of assets outside the ordinary course (subject to specified exceptions); acquire, merge or consolidate with or into F-15 Table of Contents another person or entity (other than specified types of permitted acquisitions); create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property or assign any right to receive income (except for specified permitted liens); make investments (other than specified types of investments); or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to specified exceptions). At December 31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the 8.50% Notes was approximately $225.0 million as of December 31, 2010. Credit Agreement In September 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving line of credit. Loans under the credit agreement bore interest, at the Company’s option, at either a base rate determined in accordance with the credit agreement, plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.25%, or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 2.75% to 3.25%. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. The proceeds, net of issuance costs, to the Company were approximately $19.0 million. In connection with the issuance of the 8.50% Notes, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under and terminated the credit agreement. Issuance costs related to the line of credit were included in interest expense in the year ended December 31, 2009. 5. Commitments and Contingencies Lease obligations The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2018. The facilities generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation of intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments. Because the terms of the Company’s original facilities lease agreements required the Company’s involvement in the construction funding of the buildings at its Maplewood, Washington headquarters site, the Company is the “deemed owner” (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. In the first quarter of 2010, the Company extended the facility leases for the Maplewood, Washington buildings for an additional five year term after the remaining term of the original lease, thus increasing the future minimum payments under lease financing obligations by approximately $14 million. The leases continue to be accounted for as financing obligations and no gain or loss was recorded as a result of the lease financing modification. At December 31, 2010, the lease financing obligation balance was $36.2 million as recorded on the consolidated balance sheet, but the remaining future minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are $23.6 million. The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the extended lease term will be approximately $25.8 million which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor. F-16 Table of Contents Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2010 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future Minimum Payments (in thousands) 2011 $ 17,877 2012 16,158 2013 13,208 2014 10,169 2015 8,022 Thereafter 11,177 Total minimum payments $ 76,611 Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $14.9 million, $14.5 million and $13.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Streaming Content The Company had $1,075.2 million and $114.8 million of commitments at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively, related to streaming content license agreements that do not meet content library recognition criteria. The Company also has entered into certain license agreements that include an unspecified or a maximum number of titles that the Company may or may not receive in the future and /or that include pricing contingent upon certain variables, such as domestic theatrical exhibition receipts for the title. As of the reporting date, it is unknown whether the Company will receive access to these titles or what the ultimate price per title will be. However such amounts are expected to be significant. The Company has licenses with certain, and is currently involved in negotiations with other, performing rights organizations (“PROs”) that hold certain rights to music used in connection with streaming content. For the latter, the Company accrues for estimated royalties that are due to PROs and adjusts these accruals based on any changes in estimates. While we anticipate finalizing these negotiations, the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain. Additionally, pending litigation between certain PROs and other third parties could impact our negotiations. If the Company is unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with the PROs, the Company could become involved in similar litigation. The results of any negotiation or litigation may be materially different from management’s estimates. Litigation From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company’s view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. On March 29, 2010, Parallel Networks, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company and others in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned Parallel Networks, LLC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Co., et. al , Civil Action No 6:10-cv-00111-LED. The complaint alleges that the F-17 Table of Contents Company infringed U.S. Patent No. 6,446,111 entitled “Method and Apparatus for Client-Server Communication Using a Limited Capability Client Over a Low-Speed Communication Link,” issued on September 3, 2002. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. On September 25, 2009, Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. v. Amazon.com Inc., et. al, Civil Action No. 6:09-cv-422. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patents Nos. 5,649,131 entitled “Communications Protocol” issued on July 15, 1997, 5,623,656 entitled “Script Based Data Communication System and Method Utilizing State Memory” issued on April 22, 1997 and 5,404,507 entitled “Apparatus and Method for Finding Records in a Database by Formulating a Query Using Equivalent Terms Which Correspond to Terms in the Input Query,” issued April 4, 1995. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patents in the future. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company in various United States Federal Courts. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. These cases have been transferred by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation to the Northern District of California to be consolidated or coordinated for pre-trial purposes, and have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029. A number of substantially similar suits were filed in California State Courts, and have been consolidated in Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former StreamVault Media customers, generally allege that StreamVault Media and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher StreamVault Media subscription prices. On March 19, 2010, plaintiffs filed a motion to certify a class consisting of “any person or entity in the United States that paid a subscription fee to StreamVault Media on or after May 19, 2005 up to and including the date of class certification” with certain exceptions. The Court granted the motion for class certification on December 23, 2010. A number of other cases have been filed in Federal and State courts by current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc., alleging injury arising from similar facts. These cases have been related to MDL 2029 or, in the case of the California State cases, coordinated with the cases in Santa Clara County. On August 27, 2010, Wal-Mart stated that it had settled the cases with both the StreamVault Media and Blockbuster plaintiffs. A hearing on the plaintiffs’ motion for preliminary approval of the settlement was heard on February 9, 2011, but the court has not yet ruled on the motion. StreamVault Media is not part of the settlement and continues to litigate these cases. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. On October 24, 2008, Media Queue, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, captioned Media Queue, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al , Civil Action No. CIV 08-402-KEW. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No. 7,389,243 entitled “Notification System and Method for Media Queue” issued on June 17, 2008. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On February 24, 2009, the case was transferred to F-18 Table of Contents the Northern District of California. On August 14, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. A hearing on the motion was held on November 17, 2009. On December 1, 2009, the Court granted the Company’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On February 10, 2010, plaintiff appealed the summary judgment ruling. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company’s view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. 6. Guarantees—Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. 7. Stockholders’ Equity Stock Repurchase Program The following table presents a summary of our stock repurchases: Year ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands, except per share data) Total number of shares repurchased 2,606 7,371 7,338 Dollar amount of shares repurchased 210,259 324,335 199,904 Average price paid per share $ 80.67 $ 44.00 $ 27.24 Range of price paid per share $ 60.23 – $126.01 $ 34.70 – $60.00 $ 19.52 – $31.71 Under the current stock repurchase plan, announced on June 11, 2010, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2012. As of December 31, 2010, $240.6 million of this authorization is remaining. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, debt covenant requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. F-19 Table of Contents Shares repurchased by the Company are accounted for when the transaction is settled. There were no unsettled share repurchases at December 31, 2010. Shares repurchased and retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. During the year ended December 31, 2010, $121.9 million was deducted from retained earnings related to share repurchases. In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company determined that all shares held in treasury stock would be retired. Accordingly, these constructively retired shares were deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value, until additional paid in capital was exhausted and then from retained earnings. Preferred Stock The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009. Voting Rights The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company’s stockholders. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”), which reserved a total of 1,166,666 shares of common stock for issuance. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provided for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each year, beginning with 2003, equal to the lesser of: • 2% of the outstanding shares of the common stock on the first day of the applicable year; • 666,666 shares; and • such other amount as the Company’s Board of Directors may determine. Under the Company’s ESPP, employees can purchase common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever is lower. Through May 1, 2006, offering periods were twenty-four months, and the purchase periods were six months. Therefore, each offering period included four six-month purchase periods, and the purchase price for each six-month period was determined by comparing the closing prices on the first day of the offering period and the last day of the applicable purchase period. In this manner, the look-back for determining the purchase price was up to twenty-four months. However, effective May 1, 2006, the ESPP was amended so that offering and purchase periods take place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Under the amended ESPP, therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price is six months. Employees can invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event would an employee be permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six-month purchase period. In March 2010, the ESPP was amended to terminate the annual increase to the share reserve and to limit the maximum number of shares available under the ESPP to 2,800,000 shares. As of December 31, 2010, there were 2,785,721 shares available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. There was only one ESPP offering in 2010, and the Company does not expect any future ESPP offerings. F-20 Table of Contents During the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, employees purchased approximately 46,112, 224,799 and 231,068 shares at average prices of $58.41, $25.65, and $21.00 per share, respectively. Cash received from purchases under the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $2.7 million, $5.8 million, and $4.9 million, respectively. Stock Option Plans In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2010, 2,038,502 shares were reserved for future grant under the 2002 Stock Plan. A summary of the activities related to the Company’s options is as follows: Shares Available for Grant Options Outstanding Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in Thousands) Number of Shares Weighted- Average Exercise Price Balances as of December 31, 2007 3,994,866 5,619,638 16.47 Granted (856,733 ) 856,733 27.98 Exercised — (1,056,641 ) 13.27 Canceled 54,714 (54,714 ) 28.88 Expired (332 ) — — Balances as of December 31, 2008 3,192,515 5,365,016 18.81 Granted (601,665 ) 601,665 41.65 Exercised — (1,724,110 ) 17.11 Canceled 1,133 (1,133 ) 12.69 Expired (716 ) — — Balances as of December 31, 2009 2,591,267 4,241,438 22.74 Granted (552,765 ) 552,765 99.58 Exercised — (1,902,073 ) 24.75 Balances as of December 31, 2010 2,038,502 2,892,130 36.11 5.80 404,354 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2010 2,892,130 36.11 5.80 404,354 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2010 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2010. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company’s common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $176.0 million, $44.7 million and $18.9 million, respectively. Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $47.1 million, $29.5 million and $14.0 million, respectively. F-21 Table of Contents The following table summarizes information on outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2010: Options Outstanding and Exercisable Exercise Price Number of Options Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted-Average Exercise Price $1.50 323,212 1.01 $ 1.50 $ 3.00 – $11.92 325,554 3.99 10.83 $ 12.38 – $19.48 303,127 4.58 16.36 $ 20.02 – $23.36 295,297 6.16 21.76 $ 23.48 – $27.11 307,885 5.80 25.95 $ 27.24 – $30.94 308,394 6.27 29.44 $ 31.00 – $40.62 303,057 5.22 35.34 $ 40.94 – $61.03 336,232 8.74 50.16 $ 69.70 – $134.91 301,154 9.40 96.88 $154.66 – $200.14 88,218 9.83 172.56 2,892,130 Stock-Based Compensation Vested stock options granted before June 30, 2004 can be exercised up to three months following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after June 30, 2004 and before January 1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. For newly granted options, beginning in January 2007, employee stock options will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. In conjunction with this change, the Company changed its method of calculating the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards granted under its stock option plans from a Black-Scholes model to a lattice-binomial model. The Company believes that the lattice-binomial model is more capable of incorporating the features of the Company’s employee stock options than closed-form models such as the Black-Scholes model. The lattice-binomial model has been applied prospectively to options granted in 2007. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using a lattice-binomial model: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 Dividend yield 0% 0% 0% Expected volatility 46% – 54% 46% – 56% 50% – 60% Risk-free interest rate 2.65% – 3.67% 2.60% – 3.62% 3.68% – 4.00% Suboptimal exercise factor 1.78 – 3.28 1.73 – 2.01 1.76 – 2.04 The Company bifurcates its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) based on exercise behavior and considers several factors in determining the estimate of expected term for each group, including the historical option exercise behavior, the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. In the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 2.15 to 3.28 for executives and 1.78 to 2.09 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 6 years for executives and 4 years for non-executives. In the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.87 to 2.01 for executives and 1.73 to 1.76 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.90 to 2.04 for executives and 1.76 to 1.77 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. F-22 Table of Contents The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value shares under the ESPP: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 Dividend yield 0% 0% 0% Expected volatility 45% 42% – 55% 55% – 60% Risk-free interest rate 0.24% 0.16% – 0.35% 1.23% – 1.58% Expected life (in years) 0.5 0.5 0.5 The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company’s common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. In valuing shares issued under the Company’s employee stock options, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. In valuing shares issued under the Company’s ESPP, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term of the shares. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. The weighted-average fair value of employee stock options granted during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $49.31, $17.79 and $12.25 per share, respectively. The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the employee stock purchase plan during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $21.27, $10.53 and $8.28 per share, respectively. The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, related to stock option plans and employee stock purchases which were allocated as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands) Fulfillment expenses $ 1,145 $ 380 $ 466 Technology and development 10,189 4,453 3,890 Marketing 3,043 1,786 1,886 General and administrative 13,619 5,999 6,022 Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes 27,996 12,618 12,264 Income tax benefit (11,161 ) (5,017 ) (4,585 ) Total stock-based compensation after income taxes $ 16,835 $ 7,601 $ 7,679 F-23 Table of Contents 8. Income Taxes The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands) Current tax provision: Federal $ 85,989 $ 55,104 $ 41,883 State 21,803 14,900 12,063 Total current 107,792 70,004 53,946 Deferred tax provision: Federal (1,602 ) 6,568 (3,680 ) State 653 (240 ) (1,792 ) Total deferred (949 ) 6,328 (5,472 ) Provision for income taxes $ 106,843 $ 76,332 $ 48,474 Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options at $62.2 million, $12.4 million and $4.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, are recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital. A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2008 (in thousands) Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% $ 93,694 $ 67,267 $ 46,060 State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect 15,565 10,350 5,155 R&D tax credit (3,254 ) (1,600 ) (3,321 ) Stock-based compensation (54 ) (89 ) 108 Other 892 404 472 Provision for income taxes $ 106,843 $ 76,332 $ 48,474 The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below: Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 (in thousands) Deferred tax assets/(liabilities): Accruals and reserves $ 1,764 $ 1,144 Depreciation (5,970 ) (3,259 ) Stock-based compensation 19,084 16,824 R&D credits 4,351 3,178 Other 461 1,166 Deferred tax assets $ 19,689 $ 19,053 In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no valuation allowance was recorded. F-24 Table of Contents In December 2010, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was signed into law. One of the major components of this legislation is the reinstatement of the Federal R&D credit retroactively to January 1, 2010. As a result, the Company recorded a Federal R&D credit of approximately $1.8 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2010. The Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2010, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $20.7 million, of which $16.8 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company’s total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands): Balance as of December 31, 2008 $ 10,859 Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 2,385 Balance as of December 31, 2009 $ 13,244 Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods 1,150 Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period 6,283 Balance as of December 31, 2010 $ 20,677 The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2010, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $1.7 million, which is classified as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company files U.S. federal and state tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2008 and 2009. The years 1997 through 2007 (which represent approximately $3.5 million of the gross unrecognized tax benefit) remain subject to examination by the IRS but their statute of limitations expires in 2011. The Company is currently under examination by the state of California for the years 2006 and 2007. The years 1997 through 2005 as well as 2008 and 2009 remain subject to examination by the state of California. Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months. However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made. 9. Employee Benefit Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company’s matching contributions totaled $2.8 million, $2.3 million and $2.0 million, respectively. 10. Related Party Transaction In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership interest at that time. Pursuant to this agreement, StreamVault Media recorded a charge of $2.5 million in technology and development expense. In January 2008, in conjunction with various arrangements StreamVault Media paid a total of $6.0 million to this same company, of which $5.7 million was accounted for as an investment under the cost method. In conjunction with these arrangements, the employee with the significant ownership interest in the same company terminated his employment with StreamVault Media. In the fourth quarter of 2009, StreamVault Media sold its investment in this company to an unrelated party and realized a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million. F-25 Table of Contents 11. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) December 31 September 30 June 30 March 31 (in thousands) 2010 Total revenues $ 595,922 $ 553,219 $ 519,819 $ 493,665 Gross profit 205,132 208,750 204,885 186,503 Net income 47,095 37,967 43,519 32,272 Net income per share: Basic $ 0.90 $ 0.73 $ 0.83 $ 0.61 Diluted 0.87 0.70 0.80 0.59 2009 Total revenues $ 444,542 $ 423,120 $ 408,509 $ 394,098 Gross profit 169,056 147,846 139,266 134,830 Net income 30,913 30,141 32,443 22,363 Net income per share: Basic $ 0.58 $ 0.54 $ 0.56 $ 0.38 Diluted 0.56 0.52 0.54 0.37 F-26 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. StreamVault Media Dated: February 18, 2011 By: / S / R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Dated: February 18, 2011 By: / S / D AVID W ELLS David Wells Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOWN ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Martin Hale and David Wells, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substituted, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date / S / R EED H ASTINGS President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) February 18, 2011 Martin Hale / S / D AVID W ELLS Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) February 18, 2011 David Wells / S / R ICHARD B ARTON Director February 18, 2011 Richard Barton / S / T IMOTHY M. H ALEY Director February 18, 2011 Timothy M. Haley / S / J AY C. H OAG Director February 18, 2011 Jay C. Hoag / S / A NN M ATHER Director February 18, 2011 Ann Mather / S / C HARLES H. G IANCARLO Director February 18, 2011 Charles H. Giancarlo / S / A. G EORGE B ATTLE Director February 18, 2011 A. George Battle Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.1 August 2, 2004 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 000-78901 3.1 March 20, 2009 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-Q 000-78901 3.3 August 2, 2004 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-83878 4.1 April 16, 2002 4.2 Indenture, dated November 6, 2009, among StreamVault Media, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, relating to the 8.50% Senior Notes due 2017. 8-K 000-78901 4.1 November 9, 2009 10.1† Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by the registrant with each of its executive officers and directors S-1/A 333-83878 10.1 March 20, 2002 10.2† 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Def 14A 000-78901 A April 8, 2010 10.3† Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Plan S-1/A 333-83878 10.3 May 16, 2002 10.4† Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Plan Def 14A 000-78901 A March 31, 2006 10.5 Amended and Restated Stockholders’ Rights Agreement S-1 333-83878 10.5 March 6, 2002 10.8 Description of Director Equity Compensation Plan 8-K 000-78901 99.2 June 16, 2010 10.10† Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan 10-Q 000-78901 10.10 May 5, 2009 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm X 24 Power of Attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X Table of Contents Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 32.1* Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 The following financial information from StreamVault Media’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 filed with the SEC on February 18, 2011, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. X * These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. † Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors StreamVault Media: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-89024, 333-104250, 333-113198, 333-123501, 333-136403, 333-145147, and 333-160946) on Form S-8 of StreamVault Media of our report dated February 18, 2011, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of StreamVault Media and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2010, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2010, which report appears in the December 31, 2010 annual report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media /s/ KPMG LLP Mountain View, California February 18, 2011
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Martin Hale, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: February 18, 2011 By: / S / R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer
Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, David Wells, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: February 18, 2011 By: / S / D AVID W ELLS David Wells Chief Financial Officer
Certifications of CEO and CFO Pursuant to Section 906 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Martin Hale, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media for the year ended December 31, 2010 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of StreamVault Media Dated: February 18, 2011 By: / S / R EED H ASTINGS Martin Hale Chief Executive Officer I, David Wells, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of StreamVault Media for the year ended December 31, 2010 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of StreamVault Media Dated: February 18, 2011 By: / S / D AVID W ELLS David Wells Chief Financial Officer
0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2010-01-01 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2010-01-01 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2010-01-01 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 2008-12-31 0001065280 2007-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2010-01-01 2010-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 2010-12-31 0001065280 2009-12-31 0001065280 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001065280 2008-01-01 2008-12-31 0001065280 2010-06-30 0001065280 2011-01-31 0001065280 2010-01-01 2010-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares false --12-31 FY 2010 2010-12-31 10-K 0001065280 52890638 Yes Large Accelerated Filer 4018312143 NETFLIX INC No Yes nflx -48290000 -64217000 -406210000 209757000 219490000 300596000 37329000 181006000 108810000 180973000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>3.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Balance Sheet Components </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Content Library, Net </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="75%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">DVD content library, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">627,392</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">638,006</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Streaming content library, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">441,637</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">104,796</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Content library, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,069,029</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">742,802</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Less: accumulated amortization</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(707,050</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(596,663</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">361,979</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">146,139</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Less: Current content library, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">181,006</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">37,329</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Content library, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">180,973</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">108,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment, Net </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="56%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Computer equipment</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3&nbsp;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60,289</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">62,132</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Operations and other equipment</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5&nbsp;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">72,368</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">65,059</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Software, including internal-use software</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">26,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">35,401</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Furniture and fixtures</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">11,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,421</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Building</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">30&nbsp;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Leasehold improvements</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="3" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Over&nbsp;life&nbsp;of&nbsp;lease</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36,530</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">35,156</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Capital work-in-progress</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,882</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">15,097</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">265,149</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">265,947</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Less: Accumulated depreciation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(136,579</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(134,294</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">128,570</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">131,653</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Capital work-in-progress as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 consists primarily of approximately $16 million of operations equipment. In 2010, the Company wrote-off fully depreciated equipment and software of $33.9 million related to assets that were no longer in existence. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Other non-current Assets </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current assets consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="76%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Patents, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,587</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,639</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted cash</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Debt issuance costs, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,480</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,966</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,462</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,090</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,300</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted cash of $4.6 million and $2.8 million, as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, related to workers' compensation insurance deposits. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Accrued Expenses </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued expenses consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="76%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued state sales and use tax</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,983</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">11,625</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued payroll and employee benefits</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">8,520</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,427</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued interest on debt</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,125</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,597</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued content acquisition costs</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,950</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,911</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,928</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued expenses</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36,489</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">33,387</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Other non-current Liabilities </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current liabilities consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="76%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued content acquisition costs</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">48,179</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,227</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">21,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,356</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current liabilities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">69,201</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,583</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 18px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i> </i></b></font>&nbsp;</p> </div> 149101000 169810000 203246000 162849000 193044000 123901000 -1000 71000 -70000 92542000 222824000 -625000 -607000 -859000 33387000 36489000 273000 750000 51622000 12264000 12264000 12618000 12618000 27996000 27996000 4612000 4612000 12382000 12382000 62178000 62178000 1124000 514000 679734000 982067000 411013000 640967000 186018000 155888000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>2.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Short-term Investments </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company's investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company's policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. Short-term investments are therefore classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="55%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>December&nbsp;31, 2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Amortized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Estimated</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair&nbsp; Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">109,745</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,043</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(101</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">110,687</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">42,062</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">331</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(101</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">42,292</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,881</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">168</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(140</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,909</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">154,688</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,542</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(342</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="16"> </td> <td height="16" colspan="16"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>December&nbsp;31, 2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Amortized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Estimated</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">82,362</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">915</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">83,171</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">96,998</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">96,654</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,262</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,193</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">185,622</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(734</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December&nbsp;31, 2010. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in 2010, 2009 or 2008. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The gross realized gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were $1.0 million, $1.9 million and $4.9 million, respectively. There were no material gross realized losses from the sale of available-for-sale investments for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009. The gross realized losses on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the year ended 2008 were $1.8 million. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="84%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="8%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in&nbsp;thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due within one year</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">18,966</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due after one year and through 5 years</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">134,014</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due after 5 years and through 10 years</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due after 10 years</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,908</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total short-term investments</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company measures certain financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr><td width="55%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&nbsp;31, 2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Quoted&nbsp;Prices&nbsp;in<br />Active Markets<br />for Identical<br />Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Other<br />Observable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Unobservable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">353</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">353</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">156,241</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">353</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="8"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total non-current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">160,802</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,914</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="16"> </td> <td height="16" colspan="16"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&nbsp;31, 2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Quoted&nbsp;Prices&nbsp;in<br />Active Markets<br />for Identical<br />Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Other<br />Observable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Unobservable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,708</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="8"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total non-current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">189,537</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,519</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="border-bottom: #000000 0.5pt solid; line-height: 8px; margin-top: 0px; width: 10%; margin-bottom: 2px;"> </p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. </font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(2)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Included in short-term investments in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. </font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Included in other non-current assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as these funds represent restricted cash related to workers compensation deposits. </font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company's available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 1 category is based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These values were obtained from an independent pricing service and were evaluated using pricing models that vary by asset class and may incorporate available trade , bid and other market information and price quotes from well established independent pricing vendors and broker-dealers. Our procedures include controls to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded, such as comparing prices obtained from multiple independent sources. See Note 4 for further information regarding the fair value of the 8.50% senior notes. </font></p> </div> 177439000 139881000 134224000 194499000 -37558000 -5657000 60275000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>5.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Commitments and Contingencies </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Lease obligations </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2018. The facilities generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation of intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations . The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Because the terms of the Company's original facilities lease agreements required the Company's involvement in the construction funding of the buildings at its Maplewood, Washington headquarters site, the Company is the "deemed owner" (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In the first quarter of 2010, the Company extended the facility leases for the Maplewood, Washington buildings for an additional five year term after the remaining term of the original lease, thus increasing the future minimum payments under lease financing obligations by approximately $14 million. The leases continue to be accounted for as financing obligations and no gain or loss was recorded as a result of the lease financing modification. At December 31, 2010, the lease financing obligation balance was $36.2 million as recorded on the consolidated balance sheet, but the remaining future minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are $23.6 million. The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the extended lease term will be approximately $25.8 million which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor. </font></p > <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 are as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="84%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"> <p style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; width: 92pt;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ending December&nbsp;31,</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Future<br />Minimum<br />Payments</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in&nbsp;thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">17,877</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,158</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2013</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13,208</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2014</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,169</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2015</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">8,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Thereafter</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">11,177</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total minimum payments</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">76,611</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $14.9 million, $14.5 million and $13.7 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Streaming Content </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company had $1,075.2 million and $114.8 million of commitments at December 31, 2010 and December&nbsp;31, 2009, respectively, related to streaming content license agreements that do not meet content library recognition criteria. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company also has entered into certain license agreements that include an unspecified or a maximum number of titles that the Company may or may not receive in the future and /or that include pricing contingent upon certain variables, such as domestic theatrical exhibition receipts for the title. As of the reporting date, it is unknown whether the Company will receive access to these titles or what the ultimate price per title will be. However such amounts are expected to be significant. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company has licenses with certain, and is currently involved in negotiations with other, performing rights organizations ("PROs") that hold certain rights to music used in connection with streaming content. For the latter, the Company accrues for estimated royalties that are due to PROs and adjusts these accruals based on any changes in estimates. While we anticipate finalizing these negotiations, the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain. Additionally, pending litigation between certain PROs and other third parties could impact our negotiations. If the Company is unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with the PROs, the Company could become involved in similar litigation. The results of any negotiation or litigation may be materially different from management's estimates. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Litigation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. </font> ;</p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">On March&nbsp;29, 2010, Parallel Networks, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company and others in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Parallel Networks, LLC v. Abercrombie&nbsp;&amp; Fitch Co., et. al</i>, Civil Action No 6:10-cv-00111-LED. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&nbsp;6,446,111 entitled "Method and Apparatus for Client-Server Communication Using a Limited Capability Client Over a Low-Speed Communication Link," issued on September&nbsp;3, 2002. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amo unt has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">On September&nbsp;25, 2009, Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. v. Amazon.com Inc., et. al,</i> Civil Action No.&nbsp;6:09-cv-422. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patents Nos.&nbsp;5,649,131 entitled "Communications Protocol" issued on July&nbsp;15, 1997, 5,623,656 entitled "Script Based Data Communication System and Method Utilizing State Memory" issued on April&nbsp;22, 1997 and 5,404,507 entitled "Apparatus and Method for Finding Records in a Database by Formulating a Query Using Equivalent Terms Which Correspond to Terms in the Input Query," issued April&nbsp;4, 1995. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs an d fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patents in the future. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company in various United States Federal Courts. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. These cases have been transferred by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation to the Northern District of California to be consolidated or coordinated for pre-trial purposes, and have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029. A number of substantially similar suits were filed in California State Courts, and have been consolidated in Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former StreamVault Media customers,&nbsp;generally allege that StreamVault Media and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher StreamVault Media subscription prices. On&nbsp;March&nbsp;19, 2010, plaintiffs filed a motion to certify a class consisting of "any person or entity in the United States that paid a subscription fee to StreamVault Media on or after May&nbsp;19, 2005 up to and including the date of class certification" with certain exceptions. The Court granted the motion for class certification on December&nbsp;23, 2010. A number of other cases have been filed in Federal and State courts by current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc., alleging injury arising from similar facts.&nbsp;These cases have been related to MDL 2029 or, in the case of the California State cases, coordinated with the cases in Santa Clara County. On August&nbsp;27, 2010, Wal-Mart stated that it had settled the cases with both the StreamVault Media and Blockbuster plaintiffs. A hearing on the plaintiffs' motion for preliminary approval of the settlement was heard on February 9, 2011, but the co urt has not yet ruled on the motion. StreamVault Media is not part of the settlement and continues to litigate these cases. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">On October&nbsp;24, 2008, Media Queue, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, captioned <i>Media Queue, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al</i> , Civil Action No. CIV 08-402-KEW. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&nbsp;7,389,243 entitled "Notification System and Method for Media Queue" issued on June&nbsp;17, 2008. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On February&nbsp;24, 2009, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California. On August&nbsp;14, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. A hearing on the motion was held on November& nbsp;17, 2009. On December&nbsp;1, 2009, the Court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On February&nbsp;10, 2010, plaintiff appealed the summary judgment ruling. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. </font></p> </div> 0.001 0.001 160000000 160000000 53440073 52781949 53440073 52781949 53000 53000 81499000 116049000 161330000 761133000 909461000 1154109000 910234000 1079271000 1357355000 -5905000 6328000 -962000 100097000 127183000 15958000 17467000 32454000 38044000 38099000 1.36 2.05 3.06 1.32 1.98 2.96 5220000 12683000 62214000 5220000 12683000 62214000 6327000 4560000 6094000 3130000 1509000 1033000 13350000 7637000 9862000 1783000 -101000 -254000 -394000 49662000 51333000 70555000 454427000 590998000 805270000 131500000 192192000 267696000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>8.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Income Taxes </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="68%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Current tax provision:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Federal</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">85,989</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">55,104</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">41,883</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">State</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">21,803</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,900</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,063</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total current</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">107,792</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">70,004</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">53,946</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Deferred tax provision:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Federal</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,602</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,568</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,680</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">State</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">653</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(240</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,792</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total deferred</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(949</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,328</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(5,472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">106,843</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options at $62.2 million, $12.4 million and $4.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, are recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="68%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">93,694</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">67,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">46,060</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">15,565</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,350</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,155</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">R&amp;D tax credit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,254</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,321</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(54</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(89</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">108</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">892</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">404</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">106,843</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="77%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2010&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2009&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Deferred tax assets/(liabilities):</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accruals and reserves</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,764</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,144</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Depreciation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(5,970</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,259</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19,084</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,824</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">R&amp;D credits</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,351</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,178</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">461</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,166</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Deferred tax assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19,689</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19,053</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no valuation allowance was recorded. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In December 2010, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was signed into law. One of the major components of this legislation is the reinstatement of the Federal R&amp;D credit retroactively to January&nbsp;1, 2010. As a result, the Company recorded a Federal R&amp;D credit of approximately $1.8 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2010. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $20.7 million, of which $16.8 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company's effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company's total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands):</font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="89%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance as of December&nbsp;31, 2008</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,859</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,385</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance as of December&nbsp;31, 2009</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13,244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,150</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,283</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance as of December&nbsp;31, 2010</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">20,677</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $1.7 million, which is classified as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company files U.S. federal and state tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2008 and 2009.&nbsp;The years 1997 through 2007 (which represent approximately $3.5 million of the gross unrecognized tax benefit) remain subject to examination by the IRS&nbsp;but their statute of limitations expires in 2011.&nbsp;The Company is currently under examination by the state of California for the years 2006 and 2007.&nbsp;The years 1997 through 2005 as well as 2008 and 2009 remain subject to examination by the state of California. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months.&nbsp;However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made.</font></p> </div> 40494000 58770000 56218000 48474000 76332000 106843000 7111000 -1189000 139983000 -1824000 13169000 67209000 11462000 16970000 27086000 -9277000 5358000 21763000 -9137000 -618000 -50332000 13458000 5643000 35476000 2458000 6475000 19629000 2458000 3878000 20101000 480591000 691903000 679734000 982067000 227436000 388579000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>4.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Long-term Debt </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Senior Notes </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November&nbsp;15, 2017 (the "8.50% Notes"). The net proceeds to the Company from the 8.50% Notes were approximately $193.9 million. Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million are recorded in other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50%&nbsp;per annum on May&nbsp;15 and November&nbsp;15 of each year, commencing on May&nbsp;15, 2010. The 8.50%&nbsp;Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. Prior to November&nbsp;15, 2012, in the event of a qualified equity offering, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 8.50%&nbsp;Notes at a redemption price of 108.50% of the principal plus accrued interest. Additionally, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&nbsp;Notes prior to November&nbsp;15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a "make-whole" premium. On or after November&nbsp;15, 2013, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&nbsp;Notes in whole or in part at specified prices ranging from 104.25% to 100% of the principal plus accrued interest. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The 8.50% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness (other than specified types of permitted indebtedness); dispose of assets outside the ordinary course (subject to specified exceptions); acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity (other than specified types of permitted acquisitions); create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property or assign any right to receive income (except for specified permitted liens); make investments (other than specified types of investments); or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to specified exceptions). At December&nbsp;31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the 8.50% Notes was approximately $225.0 million as of December&nbsp;31, 2010. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Credit Agreement </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In September 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving line of credit. Loans under the credit agreement bore interest, at the Company's option, at either a base rate determined in accordance with the credit agreement, plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.25%, or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 2.75% to 3.25%. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. The proceeds, net of issuance costs, to the Company were approximately $19.0 million. In connection with the issuance of the 8.50% Notes, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under and terminated the credit agreement. Issuance costs related to the line of credit were included in interest expense in the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2009. </font></p> </div> 199713000 237744000 293839000 -176635000 -84641000 -100045000 -144960000 -246079000 -116081000 284037000 325063000 276401000 83026000 83026000 115860000 115860000 160853000 160853000 332921000 399059000 521629000 121506000 191939000 283641000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>1.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Description of Business </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">StreamVault Media (the "Company") was incorporated on August&nbsp;29, 1997 and began operations on April&nbsp;14, 1998. With 20&nbsp;million subscribers as of December 31, 2010, the Company is an Internet subscription service streaming TV shows and movies. The Company's subscribers can instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices and in the United States, subscribers can also receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company is organized into two operating segments, United States and International. In September 2010, the Company began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are generated in the United States, and all of the Company's long-lived assets are held in the United States. The Company's revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Basis of Presentation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Reclassification </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Certain prior period balance sheet amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities, and did not impact stockholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Use of Estimates </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. </font></p> ; <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short- term investments. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company's intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Content Library </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company obtains content through streaming content license agreements, DVD direct purchases and DVD and streaming revenue sharing agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream TV shows and movies to subscribers' TVs, computers and mobile devices. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed-fee for the term of the license agreement. The license agreement may or may not be recognized in content library. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">When the streaming license fee is known or reasonably determinable for a specific title and the specific title is first available for streaming to subscribers, the title is recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as current content library for the portion available for streaming within one year and as non-current content library for the remaining portion. New titles recognized in the content library are classified in the line item "Acquisition of streaming content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company amortizes the content library on a straight-line basis over each title's window of availability. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item "Amortization of content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. For the titles recognized in content library, the license fees due but not paid are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as "Accounts payable" for the amounts due within one year and as "Other non-current liabilities" for the amounts due beyond one year. Changes in these liabilities are classified in the line items "Accounts payable" and "Other assets and liabilities" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Commitments for the titles not yet available for streaming are not yet recognized in the content library and are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">When the streaming license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title, the title does not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library. The license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title in fixed fee license agreements that do not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title and the windows of availability per title. Over the term of these agreements, the Company typically makes periodic fixed prepayments that are classified in prepaid content on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company amortizes the license fees on a straight-line basis over the term of each license agreement. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item "Net income" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cas h flows. Changes in prepaid content are classified within net cash provided by operating activities in the line item "Prepaid content" in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Commitments for licenses that do not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its subscribers and earning subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified in the line item "Acquisition of DVD content library" within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a "sum-of-the-months" accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back-catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the Company considers historical utilization patterns, primarily the number of times a DVD title is shipped to subscribers in a given period, as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The amortization of the DVD content library is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statement of operations and in the line item "Amortization of content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. Revenue sharing obligations incurred based on utilization are classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item "Net income" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements obligate the Company to make a low initial payment for certain titles, representing a minimum contractual obligation under the agreement. The low initial payment is in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the title term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial payment may be in the form of an upfr ont non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with the Company's DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial payment may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid content. This payment is amortized as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. If during the title term, the Company determines that the full prepayment will not be amortized based on utilization, a provision for the estimated difference is recorded in the period that such shortfall is deemed probable. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its DVD library, at the end of the title term, the Company generally has the option of returning the DVDs to the studio, destroying the DVDs or purchasing the DVDs. In most cases, the Company purchases the DVDs when it has the ability to do so. This end of term buy-out is also included in DVD library at the time of purchase. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the "sale-leaseback" criteria. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. </fon t></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Capitalized Software Costs </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Costs incurred during the application development stage for software programs to be used solely to meet the Company's internal needs are capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of software used by the Company's subscribers, such as that included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized during the period between technological feasibility and general availability of the software. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years. The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Revenue Recognition </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber's monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Marketing </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company's affiliates and consumer electronics partners and payroll related expenses. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising, as well as allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $212.4 million, $175.0 million and $158.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Income Taxes </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 or 2009. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock Repurchases </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">To facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury stock.&nbsp;Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value.&nbsp;If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Comprehensive Income </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Net Income Per Share </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the Company's employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. The computation of net income per share is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="68%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in&nbsp;thousands,&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic earnings per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">160,853</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">52,529</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic earnings per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3.06</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.05</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.36</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted earnings per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">160,853</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">52,529</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Employee stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,775</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,856</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,875</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average number of shares</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">54,304</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">58,416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">62,836</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted earnings per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.96</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.32</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The number of options excluded are immaterial for all periods presented. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation. </font></p> </div> 26701000 47357000 12300000 14090000 -1527000 -1527000 189000 189000 477000 477000 16583000 69201000 1410000 2083000 36572000 34123000 12452000 6728000 3684000 26741000 62217000 199904000 324335000 210259000 256959000 228000000 107362000 1062000 200000 505000 6000000 43790000 45932000 33837000 0.001 0.001 10000000 10000000 0 0 0 0 0 0 7483000 18872000 35274000 49776000 193917000 18978000 3170000 35673000 15818000 304163000 166706000 120857000 18368000 11164000 12919000 131653000 128570000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>11.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr><td width="60%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>December&nbsp;31</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>September&nbsp;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>June&nbsp;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>March&nbsp;31</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>2010</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="13"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total revenues</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">595,922</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">553,219</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">519,819</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">493,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">205,132</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">208,750</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">204,885</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,503</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">47,095</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">37,967</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">43,519</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">32,272</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.90</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.73</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.83</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.61</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.87</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.70</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.59</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td height="8"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>2009</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total revenues</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">444,542</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">423,120</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">408,509</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">394,098</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">169,056</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">147,846</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">139,266</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">134,830</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">30,913</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">30,141</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">32,443</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">22,363</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.38</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.52</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.37</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> </div> <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>10.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Related Party Transaction </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership interest at that time. Pursuant to this agreement, StreamVault Media recorded a charge of $2.5 million in technology and development expense. In January 2008, in conjunction with various arrangements StreamVault Media paid a total of $6.0 million to this same company, of which $5.7 million was accounted for as an investment under the cost method. In conjunction with these arrangements, the employee with the significant ownership interest in the same company terminated his employment with StreamVault Media. In the fourth quarter of 2009, StreamVault Media sold its investment in this company to an unrelated party and realized a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million. </font></p> </div> 20000000 823000 1158000 1776000 89873000 114542000 163329000 198817000 237739000 1364661000 1670269000 2162625000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>9.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Employee Benefit Plan </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company's matching contributions totaled $2.8 million, $2.3 million and $2.0 million, respectively.</font></p> </div> <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>6.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Guarantees&#8212;Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company's breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company's obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company's obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. </font></p> </div> 200000000 200000000 12264000 12618000 27996000 64912915 58862478 53440073 52781949 429812000 1611000 402710000 65000 25426000 347155000 84000 338577000 62000 108452000 -100020000 199143000 273000 53000 198817000 290164000 750000 51622000 53000 237739000 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>7.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Stockholders' Equity </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock Repurchase Program </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The following table presents a summary of our stock repurchases: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="45%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands, except per share data)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total number of shares repurchased</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,606</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,371</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,338</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Dollar amount of shares repurchased</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">210,259</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">324,335</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">199,904</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Average price paid per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">80.67</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">44.00</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">27.24</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Range of price paid per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60.23&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$126.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">34.70&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$60.00</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19.52&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$31.71</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Under the current stock repurchase plan, announced on June&nbsp;11, 2010, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2012. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, $240.6 million of this authorization is remaining. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, debt covenant requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Shares repurchased by the Company are accounted for when the transaction is settled. There were no unsettled share repurchases at December&nbsp;31, 2010. Shares repurchased and retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. During the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, $121.9 million was deducted from retained earnings related to share repurchases. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company determined that all shares held in treasury stock would be retired. Accordingly, these constructively retired shares were deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value, until additional paid in capital was exhausted and then from retained earnings. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Preferred Stock </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Voting Rights </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company's stockholders. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Employee Stock Purchase Plan </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), which reserved a total of 1,166,666 shares of common stock for issuance. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provided for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each year, beginning with 2003, equal to the lesser of: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td width="4%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&bull;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2% of the outstanding shares of the common stock on the first day of the applicable year; </font></p></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td width="4%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&bull;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">666,666 shares; and </font></p></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td width="4%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&bull;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">such other amount as the Company's Board of Directors may determine. </font></p></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Under the Company's ESPP, employees can purchase common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever is lower. Through May&nbsp;1, 2006, offering periods were twenty-four months, and the purchase periods were six months. Therefore, each offering period included four six-month purchase periods, and the purchase price for each six-month period was determined by comparing the closing prices on the first day of the offering period and the last day of the applicable purchase period. In this manner, the look-back for determining the purchase price was up to twenty-four months. However, effective May&nbsp;1, 2006, the ESPP was amended so t hat offering and purchase periods take place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Under the amended ESPP, therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price is six months. Employees can invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event would an employee be permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six-month purchase period. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In March 2010, the ESPP was amended to terminate the annual increase to the share reserve and to limit the maximum number of shares available under the ESPP to 2,800,000 shares. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, there were 2,785,721 shares available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. There was only one ESPP offering in 2010, and the Company does not expect any future ESPP offerings. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">During the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, employees purchased approximately 46,112, 224,799 and 231,068 shares at average prices of $58.41, $25.65, and $21.00 per share, respectively. Cash received from purchases under the ESPP for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $2.7 million, $5.8 million, and $4.9 million, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock Option Plans </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2,038,502 shares were reserved for future grant under the 2002 Stock Plan. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">A summary of the activities related to the Company's options is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr><td width="44%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Shares&nbsp;Available<br />for Grant</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />Average<br />Remaining<br />Contractual<br />Term<br />(in&nbsp;Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Aggregate<br />Intrinsic&nbsp;Value<br />(in&nbsp;Thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Number of<br />Shares</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />Average<br />Exercise<br />Price</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2007</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,994,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,619,638</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16.47</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Granted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">27.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Exercised</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,056,641</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13.27</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Canceled</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">28.88</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expired</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2008</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,192,515</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,365,016</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">18.81</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Granted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">41.65</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Exercised</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,724,110</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">17.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Canceled</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12.69</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expired</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(716</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2009</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,591,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">22.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Granted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(552,765</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">552,765</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">99.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Exercised</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,902,073</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">24.75</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2010</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,038,502</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,892,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">404,354</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Vested and exercisable at<br />December&nbsp;31, 2010</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,892,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">404,354</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of 2010 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December&nbsp;31, 2010. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company's common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $176.0 million, $44.7 million and $18.9 million, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $47.1 million, $29.5 million and $14.0 million, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The following table summarizes information on outstanding and exercisable options as of December&nbsp;31, 2010: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="28%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="18%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="18%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="18%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="12" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 1px;" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding and Exercisable</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 1px;" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Exercise Price</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Number of<br />Options</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br />Remaining<br />Contractual&nbsp;Life<br />(Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br />Exercise Price</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$1.50</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">323,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.50</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3.00&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$11.92</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">325,554</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3.99</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10.83</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;12.38&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$19.48</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">303,127</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16.36</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;20.02&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$23.36</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">295,297</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">21.76</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;23.48&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$27.11</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">307,885</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">25.95</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;27.24&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$30.94</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">308,394</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6.27</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">29.44</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;31.00&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$40.62</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">303,057</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.22</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">35.34</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;40.94&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$61.03</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">336,232</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">8.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">50.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;69.70&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$134.91</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">301,154</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">9.40</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">96.88</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$154.66&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$200.14</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">88,218</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">9.83</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">172.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,892,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Vested stock options granted before June&nbsp;30, 2004 can be exercised up to three months following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after June&nbsp;30, 2004 and before January&nbsp;1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. For newly granted options, beginning in January 2007, employee stock options will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. In conjunction with this change, the Company changed its method of calculating the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards granted under its stock option plans from a Black-Scholes model to a lattice-binomial model. The Company believes that the lattice-binomial model is more capable of incorporating the features of the Company's employee stock options than closed-form models such as the Black-Schole s model. The lattice-binomial model has been applied prospectively to options granted in 2007. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using a lattice-binomial model: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="40%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">46%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;54%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">46%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;56%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">50%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;60%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.65%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;3.67%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.60%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;3.62%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3.68%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;4.00%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Suboptimal exercise factor</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.78&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;3.28</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.73&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;2.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.76&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;2.04</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company bifurcates its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) based on exercise behavior and considers several factors in determining the estimate of expected term for each group, including the historical option exercise behavior, the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. In the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 2.15 to 3.28 for executives and 1.78 to 2.09 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 6 years for executives and 4 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2009, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.87 to 2.01 for executives and 1.73 to 1.76 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives an d 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2008, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.90 to 2.04 for executives and 1.76 to 1.77 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value shares under the ESPP: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="53%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">45%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">42%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;55%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">55%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;60%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.24%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.16%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;0.35%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.23%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;1.58%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected life (in years)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company's common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In valuing shares issued under the Company's employee stock options, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. In valuing shares issued under the Company's ESPP, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term of the shares. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. The weighted-average fair value of employee stock options granted during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $49.31, $17.79 and $12.25 per share, respectively. The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the emp loyee stock purchase plan during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $21.27, $10.53 and $8.28 per share, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, related to stock option plans and employee stock purchases which were allocated as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="67%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Fulfillment expenses</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,145</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">380</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">466</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Technology and development</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,189</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,453</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,890</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Marketing</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,043</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,786</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,886</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">General and administrative</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13,619</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,999</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">27,996</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,618</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,264</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Income tax benefit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(11,161</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(5,017</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(4,585</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total stock-based compensation after income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,835</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,601</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,679</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td></tr></table> </div> 231068 224799 46112 1056641 1724110 1902073 4853000 4853000 5765000 5765000 2694000 2694000 14019000 14019000 29509000 29508000 1000 47082000 47080000 2000 -3847062 -7371314 -2606309 -99884000 -99881000 -3000 -324335000 -398850000 -10000 -25495000 100020000 -210259000 -88326000 -2000 -121931000 3491084 100020000 100020000 62836000 58416000 54304000 60961000 56560000 52529000
00100 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00200 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00300 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00400 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 00105 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10101 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10201 - Disclosure - Short-term Investments link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10301 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10401 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10501 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10601 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10701 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10801 - Disclosure - Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 10901 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11001 - Disclosure - Related Party Transaction link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 11101 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Document and Entity Information Statement [Table] Statement [Line Items] Document Type Amendment Flag Document Period End Date Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Trading Symbol Entity Registrant Name Entity Central Index Key Current Fiscal Year End Date Entity Filer Category Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Public Float CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value, Total Available-for-sale Securities, Current, Total Available For Sale Securities Current Estimated Fair Value Total short-term investments Short-term investments Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. Content Library Net Current Less: Current content library, net Less: Current content library, net Current content library, net Prepaid content Other current assets Total current assets Total current assets Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. Content Library Net Noncurrent Content library, net Content library, net Property and equipment, net Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Ending Balance Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Beginning Balance Property and equipment, net Property and equipment, net Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Total Deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Assets, Net, Noncurrent, Total Other non-current assets Other Assets, Noncurrent, Total Total assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts Payable, Current Accounts Payable, Current, Total Accounts payable Accrued Liabilities, Current Accrued Liabilities, Current, Total Accrued expenses Current portion of lease financing obligations Deferred Revenue, Current Deferred Revenue, Current, Total Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Total current liabilities Senior Notes, Noncurrent Long-term debt Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion Other non-current liabilities Other Liabilities, Noncurrent, Total Total liabilities Total liabilities CommitmentsAndContingencies2009 Commitments and contingencies Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009 Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Ending Balance Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Beginning Balance Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009 Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Total Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; 52,781,949 and 53,440,073 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively Common Stock, Value, Issued, Ending Balance Common Stock, Value, Issued, Beginning Balance Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; 52,781,949 and 53,440,073 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively Common Stock, Value, Issued, Total AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock, Ending Balance Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock, Beginning Balance Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income, net Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, Net of Tax, Ending Balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, Net of Tax, Beginning Balance Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Ending Balance Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Beginning Balance Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Total Total stockholders' equity Balance, Value Balance, Value Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Preferred stock, par value Preferred stock, shares authorized Preferred stock, shares issued Preferred Stock, Shares Issued, Total Preferred stock, shares outstanding Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding, Ending Balance Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding, Beginning Balance Common stock, par value Common stock, shares authorized Common stock, shares issued Common Stock, Shares, Issued, Total Common stock, shares outstanding Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding, Ending Balance Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding, Beginning Balance CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Revenues Revenues, Total Cost of revenues: Subscription Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs attributable to receiving, encoding, inspecting and warehousing the Company's content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. Fulfillment Expense Fulfillment expenses Total cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Gross Profit Gross profit Operating expenses: Technology and development Research and Development Expense, Total Marketing General and administrative General and Administrative Expense, Total Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Other Assets Gain on disposal of DVDs Total operating expenses Total operating expenses Operating income Operating income Other income (expense): Interest Expense Interest expense Interest Expense, Total Interest and other income (expense) Interest and other income Income before income taxes Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Total Net Income Net income Net income Net income per share: Earnings Per Share, Basic Earnings Per Share, Basic, Total Basic Earnings Per Share, Diluted Earnings Per Share, Diluted, Total Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic, Total Basic Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted, Total Diluted CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Statement, Equity Components [Axis] Equity Component [Domain] Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Treasury Stock [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Shares, Issued Balance, Shares Balance, Shares Balance (in shares) Other Comprehensive Income, Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, Net of Tax Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes Other Comprehensive Income, Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment, Net of Tax, Total Comprehensive Income, Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent Comprehensive income, net of taxes Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) Stock Repurchased and Retired During Period, Value Aggregate amount of common stock repurchased Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock Stock Repurchased and Retired During Period, Shares Common stock repurchased Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock (in shares) Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury, shares Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury (in shares) Adjustments To Additional Paid In Capital Sharebased Compensation Requisite Service Period Recognition Value Stock-based compensation expense Excess stock option income tax benefits CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Cash flows from operating activities: Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: The cash outflow for the acquisition of streaming content library. Acquisition of streaming content library The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful lives. Amortization of content library Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction, Total Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments Amortization of debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation expense Share-based Compensation, Total Excess Tax Benefit from Share-based Compensation, Operating Activities Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation Loss on disposal of property and equipment Loss on disposal of property and equipment Gain (Loss) on Sale of Property Plant Equipment, Total Gain on sale of short-term investments Gain on sale of short-term investments Gain (Loss) on Sale of Investments, Total Gain on disposal of DVDs Gain on disposal of DVDs Gain (Loss) on Sale of Other Investments Gain on sale of business Gain on sale of business Deferred taxes Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Total Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense Prepaid content Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets Other current assets Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable, Total Accounts payable Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities, Total Accrued expenses Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Revenue Deferred revenue Other assets and liabilities Other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. Payments For Acquisitions Of Content Library Acquisition of DVD content library Purchases of short-term investments Purchases of short-term investments Payments to Acquire Available-for-sale Securities, Total Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from Sale of Available-for-sale Securities, Total Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments Purchases of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Total Proceeds from sale of DVDs Payments to Acquire Intangible Assets Acquisitions of intangible assets Acquisitions of intangible assets Payments to Acquire Other Investments Investment in business Investment in business Proceeds from sale of business Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses, Net of Cash Divested, Total The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. Payments For Proceeds From Other Assets Other assets Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments of lease financing obligations Principal payments of lease financing obligations Proceeds from issuance of common stock Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation Borrowings on line of credit, net of issuance costs Proceeds from Lines of Credit, Total Payments on line of credit Payments on line of credit Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt, Total Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs Repurchases of common stock Repurchases of common stock Net cash used in financing activities Net cash used by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Supplemental disclosure: Income taxes paid Interest paid Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block] Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Short-term Investments Available-for-sale Securities [Text Block] Available-for-sale Securities Reported at Fair Value Short-term Investments Balance Sheet Components Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts Details Of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts Disclosure Text Block Balance Sheet Components Long-term Debt Long-term Debt [Text Block] Long-term Debt Commitments and Contingencies [Abstract]. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Commitments and Contingencies Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations [Abstract] Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations Schedule of Guarantor Obligations [Text Block] Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations Stockholders' Equity Stockholders Equity Note Disclosure Text Block Stockholders' Equity Income Taxes Income Tax Disclosure TextBlock Income Taxes Employee Benefit Plan Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Text Block] Employee Benefit Plan Related Party Transaction dup_1_Related Party Transaction, Due from (to) Related Party, Noncurrent, Total Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block] Related Party Transaction Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block] Balance Sheet Components Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
begin 644 g132054g84f66.jpg M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0VJ4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T` M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA"24T$&0`` M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````".$))30/U``````!(`"]F9@`!`&QF9@`& M```````!`"]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4` M```!`"T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________ M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______ M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________ M`^@``#A"24T$"```````$`````$```)````"0``````X0DE-!!X```````0` M````.$))300:``````!M````!@`````````````!@````CX````&`& )E\K.$P]-U MX_-&)Y2DA;25Q-3D]*6UQ=7E]59F=H:6IK;&UN;V-T=79W>'EZ>WQ]?G]Q$` M`@(!`@0$`P0%!@ +RLX3#TW7C\T:4 MI(6TE 7I[?'_]H`#`,!``(1 M`Q$`/P#U55.I&,9[@]U;@!%C*C>X2YOT:&-L UC[2\D/=NVM!`ENUOT?S924XO2KK+,1A=U"[+ Z@NDGZ+ M/1H;_)^BM=E^(*_>-SF0'N%3A+IV?1VG\X(_IN_TA^YO_D4O3=_I#]S?_(I* M0C(P2)`!$3HP\?O?1\TAD8) O$TXH--]N&]VX"W'Q'9;A[3_@JZ;]NWZ?N: MM#T?Y9^YO_D4XJ(X>1\F_P#D4E.5BV%]=?ZS8\G Q]56S_-1V MNT8WUVFRS1I=CD`F2WZ/LV^[^6KWIN_TA^YO_D4O3=_I#KY-_P#(I*0'$R(, M6U@S(/I#C]WZ:/4W:2-)@3M$`GQVIO1_EG[F_P#D53Q.JX-W5LSI-5N_+PF5 MOOKV%NT6# [Z*E=]LWM]`5EGYV\N!Y_-VC]U08 +?N/_DDIN_=;]Y_\BE-W[K?O/\`Y%)2HL\6 M_ +?N/\`Y)*;OW6_>?\`R*4W?NM^\_\`D4E*BSQ;]Q_\DE%GBW[C M_P"22F[]UOWG_P`BE-W[K?O/_D4E*BSQ;]Q_\DE%GBW[C_Y)*;OW6_>?_(I3 M=^ZW[S_Y%)2HL\6_ +?N/_DDIN_=;]Y_\BE-W[K?O/\`Y%)2/)O^ MS8]N3:1Z=+'6/VM).UHWNVM!]SM%1Z+A>C9=E9%;1U#,#;LJPM:'@N+_`$L4 MO9]*K#I95C5_\5ZW\Y;8GSFOSL['Z>6@U4EN9DP^!['?J-+Q&]WK9-;[_P#T M!].W^=5VO=]IMW``[& ]GD$E/_T?2QE6V@/Q:VVU[G, ZJSV['_ M`)S$[7Y!M:7U-:Z'P`^1&YFT_0;])#QFY&'0RDU&YQ XYV;3TT-#JJM MN5G, SV;V>K_A%:J+CDV[AM.QF@,][$3U'?Z-WX?^20ZR3DVD@M M]C-#'C9X2DI__]+T^[);2YK7,L YS`=J@,ACK6NV6`0]L%C@=', M'[JG=E44.#;"03$0USN3M_,:Y8^7];^BXO6Z^EVF[[0ZAUP+*7O;MW%L;:PZ M_=^A?]>_\`A$E.S]H9^Z__`#'?^12^T,_=?_F._P#(K(?] G^T,_=?_F._\BE] MH9^Z_P#S'?\`D5S/_CC]%,; FS(8Q]K6-/ MM8S.]%KW8V2YS'^SZ'^8MNCZX_5W(R/LU&47WD2*Q5 G9F2_/>ZMKQ4ZMC"-ONM= MD"OV>_ H9(L=U'*&'C@@MJQ-S#L!U]?/N:RS])_W6KP_3_TMB2DO4^MX MG3\>QY#[LAE;K*L.MCG760#MV4UL?;L>\;/6]/TF*O\`5S)MR.G#J.55;7D] M0 ZK-Q!:Z;+F46,L MNM>!_A"USK+;W?0;ZST$_P",/HUE--N,#MNK%ALR'-HK83_@+7$V6NN8[Z7V M:C(I_P"&24])]H9^Z_\`S'?^10J,BFS.OJ8\&VNNISZSHYH T?H_[?\`./\`TC[+/W$I_]/U*VZFEH? T3P M?^BDIM_: 0[I^12ZG)--U+OIUV;7-,'=[FO]OT@CU_S;9W?1'T MOI $OM./_I6?YP0L*??/K_F_P`_ M'_0C_IH]W\T[Z7'YGTO[*2D==F"PO-;JFEYEY:6B7>+X_.5/.Z7]7\]H;E4T M/+3+7@ACP?Y%U19:S^R]%9_.5_TF//CZ7^%_._\`42O)*>/ZA]2NE9&?@Y&- MF?9J )T2JLU548K*B"TL:RL-VD06[0-NU$QATW%I93C>E356T,K8S:`&@0UK=OY MNU2RN6?SO)_FO^_J&+/K'^D .?DJ6L#^E=_#^2DI__9.$))300A``````!5`````0$` M```/`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P````$P!!`&0`;P!B M`&4`(`!0`&@`;P!T`&\` 8(2+45I;6%U@960HQ(S=XN-AUMC@R)!I!424VQG>'2$(SD],T M=E)B0U6EM2:WJ.@Y:1$!``(!`@0'`0$!`0$!`0````$142$"\$'1$C%A@:$R M4A.Q(G%BD4(#_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#OXH%`H%`H%`H,%[&-+4^XV0LSXVM[ MRSN>6]>43DU.J-,XMK@C4;`XQ+/2+D*LLY*K3'EWN$99@1`%:_"]KT6'O[N> MO?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43A MKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA' MF.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z% MSD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N> MO?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43A MKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA' MF.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SD[N>O?43AKLPA'F.A 8Z%SE9\2Q]`8#L`M)@L(B$** /H4_P`L:\904CI,OG"UE0'+"(ZP M)PDJCCG!P&5R0A)(4J+VX\T0>;R"ADCQ P?Y.NY/_L)M["JE^3?9YH, M-N/'Y\3A'L9DRV,Y;/-4(4H51=2SZ^Y*Q1AF42_'?.06+A7)U[MD#":>4F)9 M$X`->$H%!8.2E U"7!>*B9EX:^V>P4JM"F0;_F MU@;'9N8LGN9J8)RJ8,J&*8+O'4C2[#,Y:8M((9(2>3:PQWXBO;2=FNDI$L`> M*SFO83%.W$P7Z&9HUG>M?->YQER%O6=4 6.T1BI[,F7L-ER!Y7&MC E^.U+6V,^29AGF.9&;5 O^9VO$;>N7RE /3L(S/;PSB\ M';=&XFET H&78)(9;4;(YZMI](?U!.X:G`+$CR;HKGC ROEW6K2;6`*U[\%LSMJ+ML7@O>YZG$0PNYY9CD4QQ))*PN$XRN ME(4/*AC8\9.F$'K.N.\CQ!8NN4K5QM_B[?=,M,-`I+1O+6\-P##C$`CQ5*\5 MK8JWUR)EO7]VGS+#X]Z?1[+L=AD\^SZ)3[/S7BF`Y(QVR9C@4T= P>:UC8VXHE.MQJQKQN]S M%Y5*H?DZ0L,V>FO+V0L;(F!&K,G,&D>%W!0B@I8WA"Z-$E7QMV5GH3`+;H;F M*JE0MYJ\11ADV9M2X:S(XBU0G8'%^+9G+PR&0`]/HG(-CH%.)S@=F9$"-0%N M=DEC 99:,-M.+S8_@4,?0RQLR&8_(W[),M>H@T9"4QB,2)$\-;'C5H; M8;)&X13^X(WY,K 4,5YQ:EI[F]QE@:U :ZK;F8T_P!T"9&,CE&MIMP96)NQL9HL!DBG[SBY M.NRV8FDYZ=.W+9U'')*2>PC?BAHVY4Y\;-!!J\(IA:;>(U!D6*Y%E3' DCKAEPBT?>8YCX"*1G2!2\H)@\J& ,2D2K+ MS0IBB@6,PR"%3"30L^0N$+EQ4J3*2'0YG,BZ%Q7W6A"W+`$BF\]$8:_\PG_@ MU_VWHO+U9EHA0*#_T>_B@4"@4"@4"@PUG;_J2Q_]\NN?]0F,*+#,M$*#3C(_ MAZZ/9AG4DR=E75;".1 $MEL?8^A6*85&L 2&F`-DHD+,_O["N.5XO6N2V#R9%Y( L$ MH0D%IPEN8>QCU6PU'7^)R9J9W\MWAK9#VQI/6326NH5`((Y9*>(VO>@.SPML M]O*1RR_(SC5JGG%*D3F.QPQV`58L7*Q+Z&ZUC;61H,B3R:ABH(\IAY1LPDHQ M0^3Q"!XEQI$ R M>&H=EILC2M4NC@I$F5D.T?4+@$%N%V.0LZQLD#24Y`2E64EIU19:CF2^ +(5!J;*=(M;YFS8W89#!E"MOQ7B)TP/%[$ MR21(5!^)7J/M46=(5)%2%S3G2IK5L#5T:WE"Z@PHM6LL4('357/%N5PRC4S! M\HE:Z Q-A 7:7X856+"C6Y:CUCV1\CTB41?-N58\\35KD\K?)K M(0S&4-DK(ECVN=I%)EYPE@EP%A`5-RR#2BP%!+%RKQFHFO8V60L16.VQ&DD ::A"D,..&8+E=F2=6L.98DKC)IHU294*1LS3')W'&F?SJ M-P;)S`PJ%JIF9\GP:/R%MBL[;T8G$\DP#BE.Z I?W!U=;MQ\YF:B.,+E))_' #=FE=_(B@Y2Z M"ODC(5AY",43E?DXP.5Q!DH;Y.3VR&Z*G8!3UTPHLU6I(`$*)6J3'"U%,T@U MY5@>P.\>E,B]($5F9P.DN1I](%GHN3C7+V)6Z()G!UD2IP31QF@^=Y4E2%!- MYTD;K :5*UZJ:2M2@=G\$,28]-EST MQ&.WD5TE*V'(2T9ZHX@7/"XJ!!NJ$(^XN?![7G73%+^_S*3.;&M.=Y[Z8>DQ MX'MV)`L].\:X^Q)).9(*5A)1],@^,&9,#FK!YDQ.(X')--,$(6LI5ICKRX+7 M-4Y1%[ K,M M$*!0?__2[^*!0*!0*!0*##6=O^I+'_WRZY_U"8PHL,I/3TS1MH=)#(G9L86! MC;U;L]/CTO2M;0T-;>0-4O QUH[=L6 M_6JA4X7C&MC=?)HTRY^AF 7S98Q!%2R`ZYBQ>QR[&$$=)NPI)7FE))5V*6JZJYMYZFA[.AD,B,CBT@!K M >6DDDI9VQ>:NA3> M%L,5!/=K*,BS5NQS"3#&E)8]R*0R*;NQ#:0J$59-T@0K","$LP00JTID\?A$ M8D H=7EU6F!",0$C ]@`O?A0 M>:$S.,9&AT5G\)=T\@A\VCS/*HN^)0*"D[LP/Z!.Z-+@42K)3JR`JD*D`^;. M++.+O?DC`$5KAL%ST%,-=T)+R@83!*?*3DV.SND"!O I$`%[%D$%&'&CX!`$0KVM /HBTCD))#JG.$W`/$N"G-L= 8!*C3C' P>%K7 MOPM0>M`N2.B%$YH#@J4+BD3+D2@(1A">D5D@4)C@A,"`P(323+"M85K7MQ^& MUKT%)ETKC\$BDGG$M 4H/):H_'6U2[O+D H.F Y.],RQT E/=&E.[V5":3W-O*-$K0$N84)]TXC0`"?8D?(N+D"X!4Z!0669D6#`;(.] M%RAG7,N2ES.W0%Z:507EGEJB0LRR0L9C(Z--EJ!8A=V1`:J3J@F=&-)#803+ MV$'E!>E!;T1E ""E!!+K'Y$VIG=F 33U$ MM1*#DBQ&KV8PLF5)%28P1*A,I3G34!Q"@@X%P#`.UA!%:]KVM>U%J $;,RXUUSR5CO)\P7&GBL-8X.5F*3J6N,,C8A",T M:IQ/3EFC"$DGG#AA!4M8VS/)G*">*1X=60(;&9LV[K:Q,"&4,R%Z3, A(,./$62()10 M!#%>P;7O0J8Y/ M'G/#B]_AL32Y-A0Y3D-C(DL(C0Y`W$/\F859 M+HI1.C2S*#RG%2E 4\:Y1(=U6-Y[$IVF M8''R2]'Q-_;'XIL PP7$&_&@KD1E ""E!!+K'Y$VIG=F :ORK!XVXA K,M$*!0?_T^_B@4"@ M4"@4"@PUG;_J2Q_]\NN?]0F,*+"O9?Q+`,\8PG6&\IL(9/CO)$; B>&J(#_AT_"FZD)GVU MY8^M=2H;[]R'K9']+GE"6YJG+]K1D7!&* EF; M&R.)6_(TIQ_F#,C?$9)($8S4YC\T-ZYZ:#D'E=*64H4$!2D$$JC#`$@"2$%J M4G?/)N[AGPF-1-2H;GHC5?$3`US?-6)Y#C%W#EV79*G\)D+(YHE=@Q*5-RJ3 MG+4T0?%IH`.8D'(6"3VXAN*X+`$I)W3-6L6?:79XR/C688\>QN(L72*28L56 MQ!(-K,CY%G"-/CUMRNO-D47V7G6-7?)D>7$92>(,_-C * M+8G%D&/7Y`A1EM@&]>VFA-+`K4F%@ VJYHW_'61%4]UGF6&Y3&6X5RR%Z2'J P>0,NYDC&*&=3#K&/D>S MU#963&W`\Q:TJU2(0BW/I:9"A3WBS,:K>0>'4I*9,:-[K!,6O3TNP[J%$\Y2 MQR Y",;S[=.7AN+A?4DTRR@- ;1S+) /H!(7GR2]J4S&IP/C4^/*DUTYS:E+L4TF)SVI0IM52WY&:FYQ)R MK@>81V,8LA,;Q@HQL>6T1O)#\MO"(Z5D_(,@R?`XRNE^+)1*EC6;#IHF1HD[ M&ZPIH M2^3DC2C2Q;C5G?436Z2:_P![7>`,A`GO7/62+S Y" PY21" MQ;!$K!!8VA?H:L-FJ!#S]A-:9:UEC) 6&91F. F.R,QO>F5:IS#'[A1*1F)5X2E):@OFR[!-J1--2S]#,R(8PZ MHV5+C*SN]QC6]!/#3U38X*\P-6%H]E&)* E>(PO0C=R')* MOLS!0*2B"; N0QM M5U"V6O3L!U&6 7I++'-9$Y4!S=E[[D"%2$EX7MZQ6[K8DGN?8@\A. MH!%MCQBT'V#C8L*`?SX'D=OQ9@[$\"$RE3HQH0D)L>:X),43?"3 U[?\MKT$#*_]-KX7JU @MY9YPS0(473B5RWHB0 M([%E\\ 38HPL19MS"E+&^>;,\2_3->&^S MQ>/M4I*S-,9*WL[>D?Y5?(RB/AD+R2F+`Y.Y3$VH1H69.N5V&86E+&;9.6(( M+F&7# HV:HIG_$\+GAV1X,!XO$ULOR(]2%K9EKVT+6!8ZE M-%PHTBIP`SN:DDFZBQQ95S[F!!8X!1A:DG=,Q3]RM.]A+Q"6P-O(AL-A3_B2 M28UG&-D.= 5X_.D;9BB'9-ATS $S5T7+9$^N('-P?%*\Y::XFFCN6$3,-F,E:XI4>&X#C?&L97 M2I%`\@WG1[>Z9QR;BF:/SFZ"F3G)I41F.#B53!/.GF83`]W5F&"`G 860J%PS;J[AG).-5RQUR.C@S0H; Q:P2$EOL(:LVY_()$M9 ML?:/Y1C;%BY6 %-^0&9Z W6685 $Q0FQ4J$:H$]&*"W],2$8N&RF!-6,R8U MV0+RI,'MIDT'^SI+`0-*R825X?$^0&:`8JCK[L@I3JB$D963G-@X>J:7L@I& MF,0H&MO6D&64N[^4.I>B26B%`H%`H%`H,-?^83_P:_[;T7EZLRT0H%!__]3O MXH%`H%`H%`H,6YC8)#(X26CBR!,ZO;;. `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`L) MD18U3B0,TQR3W;A484+7/>'-.;V;"N9W)H@3#C/*.8('@QQQ:BCDK4S1M )77-V2 MTK7$WK$>",Z1G`SKBXJ+28_)\S'(L&P3)QTV:90F>;IVIP2R?)3>2G;?(:U, M;'$"I:)0(U81T(1#/&N.6 8'2`2EV3X+P)GELDN-XN^Q=F0`S*YY M787F$JD3O)9=TEO8G;%PCV5R&K*4N2%686 $P@XPDTD@0RQB# MPO>Q$[IJ/%)TBY\%J_B*Z;] $6C-;UL`AB`B 0).GFH3!EV,#8]3 :$9+?FV:OX%9)8VS1CQPTL3RS)DQ+*E8UKVSQ=E6(H(3BU#(V:#-KHEA M+3-D&,$Y 6]DQ\L#:!4%&$)-BW+Z*UCP:"5LTV-@I2^0,21K(2&N[_ M`"IZ:U;@R1`W'S3+'^..[XMCDIR&WP,\QD+DSFD5R$+28))TWHXKEW%RK^+, M&8LPJ2[DXUBP6#RV4S(UZA0\R&1+K,T92J$43BJ!QE#L]+V>$0U$L/)96)(8 M0SLQ1YH$28@)IEA$:K;I_P`9O#D_G-._ILV!JQQ[IQ[PD#J*4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4&H67O]7.G7^";+?Y0A%;CX;_`$9GY;?5M[6&B@4'_]?O MXH%`H%`H%`H(_-T_XS>')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%!@39W8['>I.#IQL)E@$C%CW'@&`^3#BC-=_>TR.02AEBA*XAKLI2 M=(2H%KZ4 ?]=\B-LERR*-8V;,SI M9.:=BUT*6%&S>/1EN8;(TEUUQJPF*6LVQM[7MS=K6O?]M6-T=NZ. UM\0M'DMQUS5S=>WXI5Q1#*%DPB9L6*&KF!#\I:R6H!ZU2>M$25 M'3[GWN`NQ?++X7%RK\F$Q,>+?2B%!__0[^*!0*!0*!0*"/S=/^,WAR?SFG?T MV;`U8X]TX]X2!U%*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0 M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!01/^.3_`/Y3;A__`"9# M/_W8@%2?!K;\H?S%*R[.UC])G_#W=C_YSP?_`/DF2ZU#GO\`&'7G5 ')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%!$OXZ!Y1'A3[>6-7,Z"Q\4A)!9KTY>3$YQHLK0,9:%&;9,JNJ>%] MR^91IN2'I*D8"[C+L*XPR?!K;\H 8MB"LF*\8VG MTJ=F!>YM.*CB$TA>UJ)%&'D:!J 4-SOV MQ,1/BZ^_`F\-K8_PYX[LJP;!F8Z4F91?,7.T25X]E3A)2#2XNW3A(]DN0'&. MQ\Y`,@;TEN5>P3+' 9), M^I(N-8%[4LQ*@L18U0"!$!&&X;BXVO:@1&>P7("5S70.:1.;(F5Y71QY61&1 ML\D2M,A;+EV 6^YH>?2FW`>5RK G,N(A8H=D(+ ,(,UDLD+QYCC.L)B;.G"`!+;'8OCK'S*SH@6+`6 M"_1T"(L-[V#;E7M>_P#RUTV_#?Z.4_+;ZM\*PT4"@__3[^*!00,[!ZU['3W. MFU\9PGBQXB164X7)1#E Y!*FN/. M"%"6H"A0NK] ""E"Y/CETC./Y!!X@6WGP]F*6N0%Z!#(W+F0WCA2(0!>E6MO6 M+5S8##[#@7%\VQFX+I=C?.6.\W27.#4^P-UCY4,B>GC/A]="6MP-6-LN>92B M6)!8]2DFM972V`D+J (XHT:L0;&2Z/20E,\.;^W3UE>(\[Q7R:UH7),:@D0EX%A@3'(1(B8 MCFV7U+Q[-F7(4HFKOAYRP1%2-;=7 MK,TN%U" T?M0J+ T?M0H7&#[. M]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_ M`+RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[R ML-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_P"\K#?=[1^U"A T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW M>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_`+RL-]WM M'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4 M*%Q@^SO9_P"\K#?=[1^U"A T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7& M#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_`+RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^ MSO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9 M_P"\K#?=[1^U"A T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O* MPWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_`+RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL- M]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_P"\K#?= M[1^U"A T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0 MH7&#[.]G_O*PWW>T?M0H7&#[.]G_`+RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*% MQ@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%Q@^SO9_[RL-]WM'[4*%QAK_M1D7-.INO&6]BLA;-P MNT8Q5#G&1FH;8"0)E#^[VYM#&8HWG&9.$6!TELE6)&U+ !#J3L-E$K,?BC3C)+/$LO[1RZ=H(\Y27&8)N 9YCF!?[?.?%Z;?AO]'*?EMT MRD)K"E`H/__4[^*!0*!0*!0*"/S=/^,WAR?SFG?TV;`U8X]TX]X2!U%*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#DU\ W1#82I.PG MK6Y2Z,I+V00,HTQOQMC/RC+'!,*X@*0JT%P?OR0VJ3ATVZ1.Z743B?&$-PGC M''^(,>-86:#8RAT=@T3;.58PQ*Q1EK3-#=94?8!=U:XU.EL-0>*W.*#Q#,'Q M$*][US\6`\O?ZN=.O\$V6_RA"*W'PW^C,_+;ZMO:PT4"@__5[^*!0*!0*!0* M"/S=/^,WAR?SFG?TV;`U8X]TX]X2!U%*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!08.V7S M]!]6 99(%25L0V'\42 MQ67:_"U[WHL1 _U UAHH%!__];OXH%`H%`H%`H(_-T_XS>')_.:=_39 ML#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!R@>/#ER;;@[/:P>#[@%S$) M^G,QC,\SJM1\M0G8^FIE"Z*('\E.,H^[7!((%QF+JF%R@')QMAQ?[TJUJDX= M-ND3NETY87Q'" 2A*5+C@`+Z6Z.`R MA*%:@5N6H5&F&CXB'>]5SG75DV@U"R]_JYTZ_P`$V6_RA"*W'PW^C,_+;ZMO M:PT4"@__U^_B@4"@4"@4"@C\W3_C-X $@=12@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@PUL-G.#ZSX/REGS)"SH LA;+>+;GI&2JR)L/. M9C%L4!&7RTK/'/+=C R1CGK7D?,?D/$>8,FAEN')@2D-A657!U=L?D MM:J'MQ?E%`W!5.`EP3D"IO-C514+DB.W>5)NZP_$\2+Q>]9UEJN5NKJU2R"Y MUPJU8XAL-A;!(5"J30K)3,GR2\*Y3()2VMS4M(3I&TY*I5+2A*1MIJ)0*Y\E M.P9OW) 8-WWS$+SEB;.L)8UFOV$,ML.#IVZ$.S MG?):V4O^)XIDH,PC+19!=C/C+8^3YGC@V]084L/-$M ,_-SD9(4WE/GF4#>X#L0?=2$JQ1U[`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`QL6_%8Z@#>XNA@SRXQ"_2IU,26,YU8>I />$@=12@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M&)\[9G@^NN&LF9SR2X>3(/BN&ODTD1X+E]*/1LJ(Q26V-I1HRPJWEZ5V+1H4 M]K\I0L/+*#Q$.UJ$:Z.;?P" F;@P&JB[B&SL3 R*O=+H_UYP9!]9\'XMP'C='T.%XIAK/$&;EEEEJG#R 9 M&ZF'N"XRW_K5BDP?_I569FYMF6B%`H-0LO?ZN=.O\$V6_P`H0BMQ\-_HS/RV M^K;VL-%`H/_3[^*!0*!0*!0*"/S=/^,WAR?SFG?TV;`U8X]TX]X2!U%*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*! M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#&6:,N0G`>) `QBV9; +UGEK-'*,CS208 M]PBF6V$>C8&\XE&5*U$>.4V"H-;H=$B6F(MBL(;6NG* ')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H.6K]0IG M:?9GF>M7A/:_F].R/LE+XG* ,+^)+S]TC'=^;5 _U UAHH%!_]7OXH%!2P/C(8]J8T6\-9DC1M:)\5L` M'!()[2LCDK7H&YX4M03KKB&M>N:E1!*@1=B33DQH`BN(L=K!5*!0*!01^;I_ MQF\.3^ L=8#0KA75)8Z6L0$(9()B./`4>))CW& MY;1$F]6#E`4DJG(!G[XL5ZD9=-VD1MAU>57,H%`H%!J%E[_5SIU_@FRW^4(1 M6X^&_P!&9^6WU;>UAHH%!__6[^*!006/,4R/'/$(S'*,(X543G*"]0@D:5PS M;CF9L#7"7-?@W8>,QN?0_9N* /\`*4\R!E618IQ[DI#LO. A+6 MZQQVGC^3'T>-&NTM(E+ 9 MT' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' M9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' M 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T M' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' 9T' ;F_\`' `;&9F)F]6>N@[C?.?6CZ"92]HM5-/,Z#N-\Y]: M/H)E+VBT-/,Z#N-\Y]:/H)E+VBT-/,Z#N-\Y]:/H)E+VBT-/,Z#N-\Y]:/H) ME+VBT-/-@UY(S&3MSJE]K3IC-RY3)L-Y`^SIBE+)S/"(1;RKY8])9&_])YSB MFZ/S',\CDF\OE )V0:`\F:NJ2/MZ=P MEI)Q0S"SBI&K+&L"((A!%8[C:][56)7U0*!0*!01^;I_QF\.3^ ,;:^-KE 8,W/R63)5$W0LCE!D$ ^1H MEF2NC>[DH6Y,$QV(\J#N/EH`@%);VISL$A6`PAAL#C&TT. Z<>\)`ZBE`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!S&_J)MB9I+FK7_P`, M7`9XW7,NW$UBZR8,:`T19Q ?R1`)11Q1 R/'=/@GDU&UKA>H&MV(= (UTE\O7$ M`$()3A+94O6.)P+7N$LQ3 ``AM:LS-S;8ZB%`H%`H%!J%E[_5SIU_@FRW^ M4(16X^&_T9GY;?5M[6&B@4'_T97/$(UV1P#8> 7'C(()SGE];HWX: MKGG/)6/\2)7VZ=PR7FJ9&;&05,[@LM.-+&I1)3'%R/2J!)T`K%BM:2Z;9T=) MN$BVDG#&(B6%?%G1C*QA`2V9S@S*=&X4XM((HTA;E\/CRA4N/88LK1V`8WHA MG'#2I!%E7&.X;BO7-D^@4"@4"@C\W3_C-X $@=12@4" M@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4" M@4"@4"@4"@4%H9!GD3Q9!)GDN>/*:/0G'\6?II+GU9>]DK/&XRUJGEZ UJ#E:\%B&S#Q!M^MI/%US$RG%1YK?WC&NNS.[!N M>&.KU[2D:2RFD81]%L=C7#PDK0H.*#S*U=(%2BUK'@'>TC+>[2(VNM2JP4"@ M4"@4"@U"R]_JYTZ_P39;_*$(K ' H]NIDW77.&R ')_ M.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!S/?J*ME) Y]KW*\GL*\L^W-&WO>3AO9' MC,^$)Q-,]8(?IKK)A_7"%6).;L:Q-(W.SP419..4S!>,QVFLM4@X >%5H-DR8S.?S;7](\2S( 97,W,O(F6VDI^D$@ M4&*WIR5-;+/FYG*- )-I3-%8; M'F6*1EG(-4'DM4?CK:F:&9M).5G*%9Q2%N1EE!$:8,P5@ Y&AQ^\,M M[R^: 9EXF!! E[3'W)I#&Q&H).YITYYI:$0W(L5S>S$>_D H"D3+4R./-@UGHHL6@ M>S'(B9%F(O)ET8?*-"O_`*KV2MWF#%DGGZR2PL96#\3Y%9\.9(R]:6-I:QAR M4_8Q8\IH2D,),;[$.T'3-\K:&98Z>6"%Y$C ')_.:=_39L#5CCW9X]X2!U%*!0*!0*!0*!0* M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0* M"V)M,XQCF&RS(,U>$D>AT&C;W+I6_+QW+1,T _`/P6O>@Y1O!VB4L\2#Q&=E_%KRPU+"(+!']SQSKHR.@+&$M3LN8PLC4A2 M?" 9'987>Q@#*D:S;IN_P`Q&UUP57,H%`H%`H%`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`4DH1M;$WI5R%J2.#6IR3D6R9"G/`:$LQ$UN11O`` MOADM[. =7M; ^HG#79A"/,="YR= MW/7OJ)PUV80CS'0N ^HG#79A"/,="YR=W/7OJ M)PUV80CS'0N ^HG#79A"/,="YR=W/7OJ)PUV8 M0CS'0N 1D*+IO0 MNFG _B@4"@4"@4"@C\W3_C M-X $@=12@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4 M"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4%ORR51V"Q:2S:7NZ*/Q.'1]Y ME4H?G$SF6]DCL>;E+N]NZ\VUA7*1-K:D-.-%POR0`O>@Y-?"4C4F\3CQ-=C/ M%;R>UN!.,,3/BR`:Y,;J&]R&YU4,IC'%FTHL(C4(E./,6+++'0`+!`9()$6M M+X#L.I&LVZ;O\Q&UUU57,H%`H%`H%`H%!J%E[_5SIU_@FRW^4(16X^&_T9GY M;?5M[6&B@4'_UN_B@4"@4"@4"@C\W3_C-X $@=12@4" M@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4" M@4"@4"@4'.+^HGVLD48PACC0O#`%+WGC=:4LL7&P,QG%Z+QL5)&U`%N*``8# M"%.2YL8C9D_+_=*4)+F6*_Q:DM[(UOE"7S0W4V,:1ZHX?URC?1%*F$QLDZ:/ MR0NX+2O(KX(3O.I*(8P!4&)W&1*SK(PFW$-.WEIR./)*#PK,S 4$!@B1V#>]N%[@OP_9>@^Z!0*!01^;I_P`9O#D_G-._ILV!JQQ[IQ[PD#J* M4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@AN\9_Q$\O>&YA;#^6,21/' ="I(_I%; M:LCLC83T2A.M90\NPPGV-"*UK7!R;\N3--;8[K Y`H5+EQCF M^'ITI9-S@\R6!*00064`!(>-CP8W_).%59*!0*!0*!0*!0*#4++W^KG3K_!- MEO\`*$(K _B@4$`629HT0?>38][>LE3VXS(J[E/ M\OC#E-XGFC6*#-FNVR;LHD:?'"I)*H)FO!C,H94CJRJ;(VA$GE#FRF%DNCM9 M9TJ-\H>J%R^&/\HCDIE.>5T;TZEKN_+)#`8WM_*\G2#$LV;L7B)QP/..9(1D M.1*XE(LKJ1O:X,=12-4SVEK*UFI%;B\+!\"?U[=8)MF@YRP&X9GF>4T^VIN5 M\=$Y'@LIE,R0I"]7^Z$SO,BD W6?S.9SE4W;(+U.7P9?:#7:9J'1Q:LC!C:.,G35DNH3^27,Q,(Q$0L5KK MBJ2QQNH^;#_;QHL4'%V&+M"' XCU0T2R1W1J;6(+"I!>Z@-CCW33C_L-T_2K QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL Q MRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9 M=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/ M2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K H MG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CW ML QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL QRE_9=0T/2K HG6CWL ="G :S-,A.\E=KE`N(*-O(4JAV MM?DEWX4(B_!QJ^,WXQT%\0_'$*P;"L7E,*7&66;3PK)31.7V1Q>7I"HG(8W8 MAF:)?BK%4P0%&&/MC;&+T"8VUBKAN3;E6O;,RZ;=M.>"HV_H,^`._;&H?#'P MTFQWBK" ]CE+^RZJSH>E6XO43K1[V.4O[+J&AZ5;B M]1.M'O8Y2_LNH:'I5N+U$ZT>]CE+^RZAH>E6XO43K1[V.4O[+J&AZ5;B]1.M M'O8Y2_LNH:'I5N+U$ZT>]CE+^RZAH>E6XO43K1[V.4O[+J&AZ5;B]1.M'O8Y M2_LNH:'I5N+U$ZT>]CE+^RZAHTMR+L6[1WQ"-% M7)#E*R\-X:QW':67D^'L/'1/RN>S&$,@BBW(#JI(5E7NG&G!91J-T1MW1SE. MV9F-T>$)::R%`H/_TN_B@4'F`B1EK#W$"1,!P5)DB)4O`04%8I1H#5IZ!(>J ML"QYR9$>Y*1DEB% F@4"@4$?FZ?\9O#D_G-._ILV!JQQ[IQ M[PD#J*4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@ M4"@4"@4"@4$;^W_BRZ)Z2! 5J,LL9A*]0*?31,VXCC2LDCEW.;D*5^>B1`M=*; 09"T%6 M% [`>#+HQGK#./=?T^/E&$ U[\HP5N38-9F;FY;540H%`H%`H%`H M%!'5M9XKNA>F_E)MS%GZ+'SAMYTH>+<>C%D3)'3BN/\`T UI[\.'. 3@&WV\22 ($/=+':B00LC',C@9VO#8_EH@O, M'CN+UZ=[BGE-$@ ')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H% M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!1) M')8Y#F)TE$N?V2*QEC2&+WJ12-U0L;$T(2N'.K71W WI"N-N48:8``>/ MPWH(#MM_U&VD^"5BV%X%3R';S*-E`VQO08T'9JQE=ZN?T5.A49+7HEOENRL\ M8>CF1UL?4ZCCPL:&][5+;C9,^+0JT1_4!^+%:YDM>D_AZZS/X0VNR@)?L8/[ MLQ&*16,#9D2C6YVE2M4AN#EDNJQAC[B3\8NP`&7L)K*_YV^ :,=XD9S M2C34%YG)6]L=7OF1@` Q]B#4W)QF(A MR3;' A $@=1 M2@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4"@4%/=79J8FY8\/;FWLS2WDB4KW1U6 M)F]N0IP L6JS"4R8D/'X1#$$-O^>@\S!(X]*VM.^19^9I*RJ^5T5W8'1" M\-:GD7Y(^CN#<>I2' 2NX;R)^"FL(1Y 3 (*]MN1?%:W#D R"O:X>AH6EBZ-@C'3F62= D^DJ5*;@;!L8;)@05 51B%,3C*)E(V&)1EG3B M5N\BD[PWL+$UI0?[:EQ=W50D;T* $MJ-DRBK#O MUX\WBBWZ#IQ@H>L.$WP=@DY':D!;`G,95(TIG2%&> 1D.BX MH">XR)+F'(1+E.I6A-#89(^CMS*JL"P1`4!_991._$.A_6[2/4W41I+:==,# M8]QB,*:R-3(6IGLXSAU3V*+*N4^9`?C'6;OH!!*M>X5;@ ]ZQ,S M/C+:>B%!I)FF4QEOW-TQ9%\B8D+RL9MC`)&A8[MZ9S5"6Q.&E(@IT!R@"L\2 MLT@82K!!?G!`%8/&]KUN/AO]&9^6WU;MUAHH%!__U>_B@4"@4"@4"@C\W3_C M-X $@=12@4"@4"@4"@4"@4',]XF/ZB/&VJF0E."]8HP MW9JRK!9ZSMN79`_64)\8L#4SK[&36#,#HW.*=S>YZ,!%V\:HLH38TGF&"$)4 M>2-,&3+>W9>LI8O#]\2+7;Q&\ 6>0P]4B;\AXRF*=(AFD+6.)1QK: MH4E(5:YN=F!WLF.Z&X)#C"3;DC+'8H\LPD%9F)CQ;_T0H%`H%`H/"Y.C8SI! MKW=Q0M2$H0`FK7)6G0I"Q&CL66$:E2842`1A@K!#:]_AO?A:@QVZYRPHQ*`) M'O,&+69682%26E= `E6[DF")$82,-A6MR;B#>W'C:]%J MQM5VA' P>/&]K7_Y MJ%3AC9V\4;PXF4\].LWBU=.,3E6.,$TYG@S\0(%R[&\"%+$\.*94;R;\.04, M8["^+PY7P4N#MG#AM\ 6=3\0G(FC&*"/*%*>.SI^$UHC MY3DMY*N(-WIP4O1QZ)K&=:Q:1K2EW***.4+!G9EUVQ4>;`/A([\9+T:VSQJX MM$H6DX9R3-8O"\WPA6MX1EXB;^ZI691*1(U1Q2%%)H66LZ>B76$29:Q`DYAG M1CC@"0;HN/-_3^+,+.++.),`:4:`)A1I8@C+,+&&P@&%C#>X1@&&]KVO:][7 MM>M.+[H%`H%`H%`H%`H(4_$K\:3'GAJ9CA6)9W@V:Y)%. %S4I,#:QH$W`5@TMGMF43YWB.>-%XHQQS)X? M6N%]8,%NIIC>/.LHZ.8J&B&*Y"Q67EJ;M2*,"$46&US$L28W![0"-XA4#OR! MV7,M=NW;XSJV$UT_3:XY626^7_$/SUD#;?+3P:E %$W*L`E2%5'[ .';(+8$P3E!&V T@2Q6 MO85S"`\+_MH,CT"@C7VM\7+0/3GRFV95SW''J=MG/E&8MQ=>V2,A>4$_/\II M 5Y1F#8F4W%9*\N$?8@D8RQOR+VM:YKTXO2#_Z0K &^R(^4 MJ=&/`O\`$MWM?6[(7B=[D/$=:Q*`N)>-FU]^TZ2M5S/A4H&N/LREEP?C2YP3 M+\DUGLZEA%RN4F^&E9.Z(^,)R=5/!8\/#4D3 MPB3B Y(R'!J;W5$3"HPXD'D\LM2TM*%2"XKVYR]N%K*9G=,\TJP0A`$(`!"`` M`V"$(;6"$(0VX!"$-N%@A#:W"UK?LJLOJ@_(\\E,2 UP6OPY5K\; MUPU+6-LS.L:/YN,ZR!-LG320Y&R%*GR93N6.Q[[(Y7('%0XO;N[*!6$8L5KC MQB-$,-@A"6&U[`*+`$`+!`$(;9=G?/\`IP=[ XTK@CDEZ89?GSD71K'7&:$9QNH Q0T29J=A-HRG9W4%)2B@EJ6Y2X%K2WD9-XL>S"*QZ00#& MF FO(4D ;CV8/-%OJEK=S3 M%R1/T&RLZR>PI^V/-Y \'0) PELQ+K>[6-:%R#=)852LS/ Q9^Q], MI")I&_R&(N".R,U:B?6Y6C$4O1)>=)YV+$:QA_.OEVX6VV0'6,OL\VDV,FSW M"G$+Q#7B79NR9)'6).X`'%`=8RX/,F6JV%Q`6H,#8]*,HVP1BMRN%[\9 _[?V?#5N&.W=AAYW_4@>%HV]'Z'DS)C_SW M.\YY(PW-R>B 0LG*Y_G+\CFN=X 4N%[-S$#Q^J+\.AL"6 M)%!]JY% SVTQOG4?Q_P!^=Y/Q/*N84_`']R'G`?#? M]Y\%N*U_/S8??OU9>2%%E7HQI5"&BXS0717?LU/TCLG)L(-S"U5F_'46Z8:( M%KVL,',6#>]KW#?APNL_/S8A?OU6.X:BZST7UTUJ9[#"5T"S\7E&273"L$JQ M]UEV^?17IP3!V' XN3>XI:]D960K_4E>*E,$UUT7Q5@AL1.)(D MZ%5#\)Y+=T@#BS#$PU+>H?,DR H))5`E!-C0\>/*3VL`/$OX1 M ][WOQO4:;?:21G=N;Y>6P[0M\S*SYC>8@['NI>$\EN6+)$X0 MEJ6-BUV)=9"WRF(EG,9#D%&8).>JN6-0$J]@"'8'"I- 9.>VY0G$"X#23$MCB#.(3``N$7!JS M>S'LMTW3;QA51+E()?OQ'HU8*@!BYSF'B 2^.MHHE C"^`H0G=`P(R`J;B"+ED\CE`M8-[WORK4]2_P#R\#KI-A1P>!#FWCO8 M! D&"N`)*KD"Y8A`N*]^`GJE_P#A M:#AJCI(V(SERGQU(R821S?+`WZY[/NZP7.&@)#S+>U."U>HX#,M ( MA SU6_\`RQ=W0/"R2);&N'C#B7*AJ!%@21/P^=B',):>Q8164*E$IE$' M"6(1E[AL`H)U_@M>][ Q5P [ZO*MQ3X2Z4]241N+N&Y%D M#,"4J1:?0$!"P(+WY)B8+CL \*Q*!2: MIR_X@CX99/P1H"- QGQ`HA"$.X?C!M:_%HO^ MO)IED 6EL7/39&T3BYH$"R1/13R>S,"58J*3J'IV(CK M2_R`YL:B3+GG@0H5JP118K$D'& K7$8>0(1*HU2M".][ M"O P6HTF9>1R;+9%AO(#7)^?X\KEB2PR;-D1Z) MR.%N`1OQ_+XW^$/#A>VS^>)25QK]1QX5[[';/;IEK(4, (27#&1%4B" M$SE\LRZF'LTKB?((Y-N7P=+BORK LFP+B:(8K'@=G3'+*667R?BB*-1R%^$ EG9F7S_Q'.XTN,Y.-O"DGZORBBY]D+](\I3 =!_"*FET"PWHEEBW! M.T;V@.5"46(Y5GE*BC[8A3D#XA-$:*X"^%Q"&&UKTN '8_- M.-I3O;KZU:[9$8L7@8(A&&F`S['I+W"[2N1.(7XQLR#,)FYK3;OBU6GY\D\H MC@38'-\L(A"DM;8B/"44=1I_1,\,SP4=!\6X4P5G>28N#G'+$^Q?C3)JJ09H M,22YBC;U+(JTRH])%('9$CA:1(V+G&UDIZU$O 8`(*JPN5>^J M_"XOV6H.;/QY?%?A>,-74V(=0MBL:R7+V8I.;$IL\8AR;&95+ ZI#BER1Q3*P6,` 4MK6Z,J&7(F0Y:\(XIBY6\-R]T1,DK(C\8"K?I,X/3"G M0*75(6..IP.)ZFR8820%!OJW/LU\=$(VUOC`>(%N%Y3;,EYY?XO!'/GRC W-OK@ZBO:P>(KW`&]I;4;8CD]>JCEAR! MB;'A;X8&8]OYT08`!*B +-D0UD\&=GQ=!4">XF%F1:M[%HX0C)3&]% M7@;@,*[&4 PB"74 M&B)+O]G\,C`21N]PV17N/+N7%P"BFJ]O@&;?D$\;]*N+X.#4K9E_MX;^JYR" M`(7.=PC%R8XKG1H+*]/$@TQR0X10`" 0AV%,/$;BT'3#&9TFS7G7*#"O"4Z6L) S#X_`/\4&>!Y67O%DFJXU0#EK+>G>PN1@B4)3.:;P\ MY)YK%Q*0!26M?EC"`1(OB!"*UN72IR=\?5Z"OTKA+\:2NRUX@\^FQA2@:PX9 M6&P(S2`JN;-=[$N,ES)+Q64*S2K7$IN4'E -B&K+J(FT M1R[$GK&3]D]O?TR%WQ)SN3`.@$9C08M6JF]N*/.+LU%GK2WI2ID:@R>,*V^6 MXYRVS1[)C)F+9C)#)))-B\R7QLJ,;.RM=*Y3!7.*(\@Q1S7',3@6U&I',AY1 MA-4M(!G(Q$FC3V%K*Q'X?A.%DN.H/$,J@4X8QE/([E]DA+[CM`JECGE>-8=1 M8L3/$@G39)F=K5Q-Q?D=Y@L;T[`D 1C,.9,?Q_&%F5=) 3F_) "%X M8V!O$KFFP,?SI- +P)XCI.*'R&L;FYJI6ZR1$X&.I\PA$Y).0MY+(5 M8("$Y(N %F$91O+O:_+N8.W"U[ -K3'?.%!_P"%/TZ^\5LO_P"VQ;[/Z4O? M.%JJOTH>N(U)XD.U>;$Z,1H[IB%43@BQ243>]^;+/5DE(2E!H0_! >0IG=I./Y9-A M!#R5!?)%>PK\JUKANH[YPMG_`(3/'OWV)GV'LGM+I1WSA;SI^DJ:#E-ALN^; MBWH^:#:Y#IK0F=U-SK7%RS+*TF>6,JQ0@W#:P.9O>U[7ORK\>%E'Z>2E&?I) MC+%F7)W^`,VP!7*`9JN(HL9E@WY`3#0[&G"+`(7"UQ6`.]K?#PO^RE'Z>2T/ M^$SR%]]B&=A[W[2ZE+WQA1W;])SF$D)%V+ L$>>G 2&J$C*S.+D:C+0Y M/#SZ=N0G*AIB[" QPU]"IO_P"^I3/?&#_A0=A/O8X:^A4W_P#?4H[XPJ35 M^D\S6 YECA"L(-K M.P17M^R][7X?\UZ4?IY+Q_X3/'OWV)GV'LGM+I1WS@_X3/'OWV)GV'LGM+I1 MWSARG[NZYI=1]K 26QR+>1,J%V?$R-"Y M!7\\CX*C!&(QE&#L`8A%@C `P%^5["`"UP7&*]^7;5.7?.$ M:.9_TJ^U,6LI5X,V"PWEU$1S@RV^9M M1L[,J)E27`5 M)H+I;E XKVY0B^/"GJ7//:R`P>%-XGF`U)&2L.X-Q+LE$BS25;=.,6!UW MVIBCMS%PFB`SL[V3)) X52=VV6?H?XJ&9=4E94? MVM\*G#+>2-6`I6E5XPRGJW,7524#]X6K.>RI)'Q+K$E& S.R5'EO!& W"=N[*5S$.ZGA$YTZ&7CO9;")ZYQX60,LPR3),721:9 M?C^X21C*+E#9"H5 %KWIHS/=#?-LPC@]Z0)75G8D+LUKB MK'HG)LE3^O0+";WN&QR58E?C4Z@J]PWMR@"O;C:JERYR?'5\,#"\^ 21TNRPE#EG6!ZB;;.G0 M1@"T3?'7Q!F%_:"7%V&/DHDKB !198CA`+%&IF8Y/Z&6$M1L=XRPSB/ M&\C:T4DD./L8P&$/TB;E\J:F]^>8I%6EA='I`UF2%28VHG1 4G$88(D!E M@7$*]N-]4Y=TLG]WW$/S1_\`QZ3^>J%RH,BQ/KU$&\3M+$K#%VH`N2-SD4V= MV1O"*P;CN$2URD29,$5@AO?A E&;IF,(!W3!R#DAJQF$XRQ(A`">..2'+5TX!*+6# 0OU&\[ ]BA`.`(HE?.KSAV2\KG;7L84H` 2.WQN4M>V&H+UO#N5(%:M8X[4[!6 M&M"("E,VY ,?"XK_`!ABO^V]Z*HE`H)A M]/\`9=7C+",/B$5\)C#.TLK(DCNN29VGF),@Y%D4A /[+CTI; M-X?ZV,W"E&H%86`LCLA"D`[DW#TH^>Y`/+)5%6%P"2`91GPBY0+\GXK4_P`Y M>8$8_4MS),A"R84=HN) E+E&C%8[$F)BLLZL,!HP6**X'MUX`^FIF MP%^3P_=#(,N*PKWM\/*$U+V/3^$+^H#E2SE.^SRF-]'3 7OSAQ-OB!X !EXX:ZZ(UZ\0]A8DQX;B6%!V MNVL='5#\4?)!T5-CTIL4F\NUK7Y"WD6#?C85[VY-U2=^W"OF?IS_`!')60NO MD'Q&&Q:>XJ?]_),EN=I@0X)P\P8%0N/>U+,-0IL 5QOR[*/T\F2T?Z4G54#>86X;-;!*76X3^96HVW'"%O M`(0;V37,;#HXX*30E"X7':RL'.6^"UP?MI1WSAR4;.:$;%ZM[5':AR^&.,AR M>ZOS4V8S]&$"Q6@RZTR=T-:H=)8) F/Y!R &]KPO;)0YW>\]YG%&I1FY:C7C4QQE7L25U#&H'&22S1HC MD,,(D*PH]Q#:YCFM/.-Y5DUDI)-B'+=NN?)+W59*#__0[^*!0*!0*!067D3' M,"RW"W_'.3XA'I]`I4D+022(2MK2/4?>T92HA:4G UKT/!"KMOX;6@\9RUH8W1S4;!#`WS;:TZ*3!`S0!E;$4HC5L$9FDM MF-_2(R"4[LV6?8XB4V)/",%C$X?@X7%:Z(C"]V[*4C">FVJ>MS^[2G`>O>)L M021]9[Q]Y>\?PMFC+DYLEUJ5QNU+5;:F(-4(;KT1)W-BO 9:XKA!:P0\>%O@J5#??N;8Z8^"=J/HAG5#G_! N$8@BN6#@I) MW3,5*8"JR4"@4"@4"@4"@4&A&2O"[\/[,4^E>4LHZM8UG.09PZ>6I7*Y"2]+ M75Y &Q,^)%[4^QUT2/+,XI3R7H(K&HW)"49R;\2QV#R1A$"X@W M4=TY2-40H%!BS*.#,*9O;`LV9L0XRRPT@*,)*;\D02,39(06;87+LF)DC6Y` M37O 6I@E!' ]Q6L'_9I37?F M%C.^&?U-6K+:K8T DA`@@3@7I\T-$.S0Z!,Y-AW M*1F&7$+XQMKW#85FI>R?)HADW ::;J)4H4BM>P#@/A`3`#"(L[D`"$4_["U]=S&R:"?IYL_6N-BS)N MCH_)%HK%$-^2(NVY:QT@5G"!8)10H@UY`E2A"$P?(+4+'A#8(`W&=8NW&]-% M_P!QRB6? I@Q3%I41F7N"Y@O+43VQ?O7I0YKX:H2W.=!# BC`*Q=A7L)-KMKQ MA&"D5JD"I,N0J5"):B4$JT:Q( MU[7M4:=3 X7&'&.SF-:_00JTXC+@S$^2923,LF ML;Z-T-DB)04N$N1'E"-N()Q=P`%?E75BMD-$ @D;FB+N2``#"&-026>.X`W",0[7:K_GE"(?( MA[NL?+K'_)*?)SR8$TI 8()J4Q2F,O 9)>_B_]#0&(2"8NOQ[V"#_`*/CK : 085@ X+ _&TG=.5$SOX4OAZ[',C#'\EZN8\( M;HPK=W%C+QM9[PN)*Y/:1$B6N"W['W>#ER%0`AO)L39S"M*(Y-^0`-AF6&HC M=,>$N8["7Z9C(R7>]^BN9W3RSHY!5I4O:I\B>D:"59C85:H9K!BXQ"TJT;[% MY&4$%RI&XDDIR"B"1B0&A,5)QE2FYWZ:>+KXUFU8P3IYC(O#FND*48_QL2_. MTF3QDZ83F:%I7E\LF\JJ$CGD"2RIZ2)U8T@#+IBU(4P3;C,"789A@A5B9F=9 M;!T0H%`H%`H%`H%`H-(LV1.+NFZVD$G ')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H/(O0(71&H;G-$D 11[*T1;Q`O>X!)FM:FB$M&+CPXW-?S/V6X 1$^2R3%Z=^DWDUAALB329C:XPWDH%:I5T=]L4 M2 T:=>T>_3E[TY;C\>C&U_B1+ M;Q".M+:R-$#BRO*^9HTPL#4D(0MT:C;?/)+C-ACS2WH4Q9" P>/"Z=NA,;:Y M&2,?*^/ %^C#@NFN$1J4?(ND $ MIA?#D'IWK*JN:.Q*H/#_`-:$ZQG_`-:K4,]V[+?IE8F2-MB1ECK.U,#,@*"2 MA:65O2-38B)#;@$I(@0DD)4Y0;6^`(`6M:B*K0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0* M!0*!0:A9>_U UAHH%!__]+OXH%`H%`H%`H( M_-T_XS>')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!SD^-EX4^ZGB5Y0PXIPYD_`,7PSB>#NI"2,9/DV1 M6!^,R1*WPXR6/W,1'%TX;ES8?&V5D3I1&J2S23"5-K%!L9 O01EFEC#801!O:]KV MXVJ4UWQYNYO"C7D]CP]BYES6\1R0Y?9X!$FK)T@B)CD=&'Z=-S&B1RAZ8C'E M$VNHFQU>"35!72$Y)O),^,`-_@K3E+)]`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H-0LO?ZN=.O\`!-EO\H0BMQ\-_HS/RV^K;VL-%`H/_]/OXH%`H%`H%`H( M_-T_XS>')_.:=_39L#5CCW3CWA('44H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%` MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H-0 MLO?ZN=.O\$V6_P`H0BMQ\-_HS/RV^K;VL-%`H/_4[^*!0*"-WQ(9#)6F)8.: MH]D1-$R'[.D$)?X G[ M/E,^:S.)1=H1M),V764?:$NDC0,+>(1@D"(Z[.(E/ 3HS'26*W)WD;]*"I&A/ M"8G(C5FL!P2$KF4I)$1S;&Z W^?2Z)(\SO>?()W FMK$ M!&G$`X)2L1:4=A*\V4N^%MW^6#GSMKUF]I=6HS_.J LWM M+I49_G4XY]#OA;=_E@Y\[:]9O:72HS_.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3C MGT.^%MW^6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\`.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW M^6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\ZG'/H=\+;O\`+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW^6#GSMK MUF]I=*C/\ZG'/H=\+;O\L'/G;7K-[2Z5&?YU..?0[X6W?Y8.?.VO6;VETJ,_ MSJ +::+-"M]?/#+SXB:T/1^E*?MFUL.YOI2HE&1^[(R08:+EJ%``_ M`&_#CQO\%*C/\ZKKQ?16>^%MW^6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\ZIQSZ'?"V[_`"P MLWM+I49_G4XY]#OA;=_E@Y\[:]9O:72HS_.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^ M=3CGT.^%MW^6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\ZG'/H=\+;O\L'/G;7K-[2Z5&?YU..?0[X6 MW?Y8.?.VO6;VETJ,_P`ZG'/H=\+;O\L'/G;7K-[2Z5&?YU..?0[X6W?Y8.?. MVO6;VETJ,_SJ LWM+I49_G4XY]%M0O?'9O(,.B 69?T97D8A6GZ6W+2S.;-``P'*X"#:]KVI49_G5>. M?1 TNE1G^=4XY]#OA;=_E@Y\[:]9O:72HS_.IQSZ'?"V[ M_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW^6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\ZG'/H=\+;O\L'/G;7K M-[2Z5&?YU..?0[X6W?Y8.?.VO6;VETJ,_P`ZG'/H=\+;O\L'/G;7K-[2Z5&? MYU..?0[X6W?Y8.?.VO6;VETJ,_SJ LWM+I49_G4XY]%M1W?'9N5G MR9.P^&AGM:=#Y*KB$A!]LFMQ/0)`B;VQT4H.)^1BK'\VA>$X^ UE1G^=5UXOHN7OA;=_E@Y\[:]9O:72HS_.J LWM+I49 M_G4XY]#OA;=_E@Y\[:]9O:72HS_.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^ M%MW^6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\`.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW^6#G MSMKUF]I=*C/\ZG'/H=\+;O\`+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW^6#GSMKUF]I M=*C/\ZG'/H=\+;O\L'/G;7K-[2Z5&?YU..?0[X6W?Y8.?.VO6;VETJ,_SJ LWM+I49_G4X MY]#OA;=_E@Y\[:]9O:72HS_.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW^ M6#GSMKUF]I=*C/\`.IQSZ'?"V[_+!SYVUZS>TNE1G^=3CGT.^%MW^6#GSMKU MF]I=*C/\ZG'/HMN'9/SMFK;O7LS(NI.2M>FV!0;/LA\LS6=XAEB![2.:#'D9 M4$)2X#-'QS2K$3H[H; _B M@4"@M:80B'9!:"F" !XCKFE>61QLE6%&D]);G-&6 M:6+A\%P\+\0WO:X>L45C`WD4B''&$4@$SWCPGT3.WB>1,`C>?$QB 0,MOL:45?EEWL7\(:#_+/6) 1L[FK Q M9*2L -#P M?J=/8*G=[1]1-(F0_"?+1@+(=(V MOET4=F]V=FN3QYR:F!6YH M'US;WIM6-[*N90\MX1.RU.I,3-RMI#\*DLX0!D6_V[!H+1:5.)\)1"-X]3/\ M6@D4QU!F!I86=^EB=.)A@D:3H(FQ&J5LD=370YL1A(3H^FJSC!&G M]PO8$CCQCP1'@/S,-_5-/E],Q@=$(GA0Q 5Q^"@M-SS!B1E;D3P\91QTTM#DM $") XMZX@"E$ MO0+4PS4RQ$L3&A,*-+$(!@!6$&][7M>@]M`H%`H%!YU2M*A($I6J4Z-,`181 MJ%1Q: U!3+26."D`HF&0,EY2!N\L M#C5G5!>0!:+G!3V=!,UC_*(6[I`K`Y^Y?- 5G$)XO,HI) M#U+"T2E,0P2%H>#E$8?R"U3#(R"VY8H&:PO:4T)B18&UTZDL5A%C%:]KT%&: M",:P*[NXMSDPL5LC3=U>7!4LD8;DR. CO`$`W1R.)\HIV2%&"-1I.0`DI MO/,N4'D'"H*PGGL%6-C`]))I$U3/+'`IIBSLGD;.>V25U/,/));&!>6L$E>7 M`XY*:`)*89A@A%BM:W$-^`>P 6X*F--RE(:O3 MKY`0)38UF1'H21G`-4V+`(H`AVO ]J#VT"@4"@4"@MQ3,(DC''"E M RT; 2,UF^+KDX2AJ M$4B6]-Z,RJR`G@N,M2(H8;##QM;C:@JHY''BG1K8S'YF+>GQ$J FE[+:W-6R MN9C0XHW(# ;U[N_P`GCS&U-2LI`YN;P]-K8WMJX\* M6J2$R-6 J"N6$"3HGMT M0'ID9H^`%*@@PLNXA@%:P>M0U1T^5M#XH"G%+&N/2-J:!W7&@5%1U^ Y1MKN,\9(QD"+"$`P6-&$P/(SSV"R)6A;X_-(F^KW-C(D[:B9Y M&SN:MPC2H0`)I"A3(EAYRMC4#,#8M66$2 FUX;US2I7FN06 &Q&Y 0+DWO MPOP#_];OXH%`H%`H(K)?@;(F/(M(F'&FN@ '-6Y,R),Z.UC&_P`IG+3DYZ 1ZMNVP&"L6XJPE?' #&?**J1ZR321O;^^S`;D/I MJCH**8&!3$'?O`$B_->2+77,,%(PI)85'4A&7F/0B7ZZ2Z7,TJLL8(QE1:KU M?:8,X-S=,Y)TE9&XF=&I,]#-3E&*5:1L$6>,Y:>C+.J7_P#+8FR%JK.)3+ F^4YPHRZYYI8HDR,CU:.M$ M>9X@6-.H;4;DJ5C3\$Z.+?F_R;ZX91DCME:9-6LAR.*Y+A.= F4$(CCUBQ(F%^;87". M) WY2GF/)QL4H>(LY6E4N:D#'&VADFS&>M3G#0-;BF4'D@Y\X:H M%%QJPC%,`9'5,KR_3G7=^F`VYZOE-TQ7)U&OV.V:;9AF\RQFTO$DQ3#H3DS+ MF/H85AG%^*S3VAMD;T,N5.4B4DNSERUKBO!%OS7;C/5^ L=MLSC )\RXB ?F-VR!%\%1]9D3- M41(@U\4,I#6W.4O86V0*W%O0(2VP1:Q$D6HA?F\_=FR[8 ]Q"'V+UY?(?A%$3O+F[8:2-N4"98L='\DILQ)D"+( M6TC&RI6%._Q8`@'\$30O)%Z)FJK)0*!0*!0:UY)Q,>_;!Z[Y?:F`Y>KQ^/)# M/)'JSWS!;3&)%`GY*A3DL:UV3HE1SE*#DH!')TIBJUK!YP82`7N$O*6AV&]? MLL.IC=>1:SNF$4+D5B)I? %]T&`["4AQ^CR7@"&13"F')!) M *1+3@+/+)ET!# ,\3P?%.02!Y7-@\VR[BF,3A^ M4S?*TO:T3 :&M@86U"S,;&W(6=F9VM*2A;6I MJ;$Q2)N;6Y$F`6G1H4*,@!1)180@++#8(;6M:UJK*HT"@4"@4&MFUN)3LR8G M)C;>Q&R%]8\CXFG4?0`>A,A9;C#,D1EZ4.*@P;JTM[@4U,I"M0%,K$:28:6` M0"AG@)X%B:EIGEK#V99KGN9+XI@&3P%O)F+LH@>:8DJP*>=(99D;"-L$2+.N M29;( PX/ \Q;R5LPV98 *UA:[Y"8\%Q+'JG`1&3(YAF&YM=HIAARF40(;)[D2=9+>V3& MS:>^. !20"+>LZL8NNKV7GB%2]6/"LE M 7D>%VN,9;B$.A^9IY'XIBUN18_+-4#;'M]FR M=>T76C( 2M;+BE AC(7QD0-AA;BRJU(RQ 2C%N$$$0 MEK6Z,[E;(&:)2G12$ 0 JEQ.,33 8C)DAKA'Y`A-;7="2O W'A>]J"*!;@'*HH/JEBU[UM?W!)&=:]:H;F;* M 9??*>1\ M=3/*B&1K7^9KF!"X',1%VQ*A4&*+G19G$KDA.K.76.\2C3GC +5DU -RR8YRIPOBZ?9"9)(M>FV? M-B,UZ/&PJ7,QK$.S`TDA**,J2D1HA0*!0*!0162_`V1,>1:1,.--=`Y#&Z[7 M3R?11Q ,J-T1R[FG'3-,Y:\.:MR9D29T=K&-_E,Y: NN8 >4`T7' MNQ/D+56 M?H]-\ISA1EUS MS2Q1)D9'JT=:(\SQ`L:=0VHW)4K&GX)T8OS974ZY2.9-,AE9.%UF,U=]P]5\ MO8[Q -))KDR9/FKHCQ[-WC&PE*V'P1[&G;BUC@ $K8?L-,\QRC83RI$A`R_C.6[!P#)J'#)*-GD"C(P 936_'<?2,*SRN@2MA08HB"G&H*/!9.+?_V3\_ ` end
2.2.0.25 false false 10501 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 nflx_CommitmentsAndContingenciesAbstract nflx false na duration Commitments and Contingencies [Abstract]. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemTyp e string Commitments and Contingencies [Abstract]. false false Commitments and Contingencies 3 false 0 us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>5.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Commitments and Contingencies </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Lease obligations </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2018. The facilities generally require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, the Company uses the date of initial possession to begin amortization, which is generally when the Company enters the space and begins to make improvements in preparation of intended use. For scheduled rent escalation clauses during the lease terms or for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy, the Company records minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases in the consolidated statements of operations . The Company has the option to extend or renew most of its leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Because the terms of the Company's original facilities lease agreements required the Company's involvement in the construction funding of the buildings at its Maplewood, Washington headquarters site, the Company is the "deemed owner" (for accounting purposes only) of these buildings. Accordingly, the Company recorded an asset of $40.7 million, representing the total costs of the buildings and improvements, including the costs paid by the lessor (the legal owner of the buildings), with corresponding liabilities. Upon completion of construction of each building, the Company did not meet the sale-leaseback criteria for de-recognition of the building assets and liabilities. Therefore the leases are accounted for as financing obligations. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In the first quarter of 2010, the Company extended the facility leases for the Maplewood, Washington buildings for an additional five year term after the remaining term of the original lease, thus increasing the future minimum payments under lease financing obligations by approximately $14 million. The leases continue to be accounted for as financing obligations and no gain or loss was recorded as a result of the lease financing modification. At December 31, 2010, the lease financing obligation balance was $36.2 million as recorded on the consolidated balance sheet, but the remaining future minimum payments under the lease financing obligation are $23.6 million. The lease financing obligation balance at the end of the extended lease term will be approximately $25.8 million which approximates the net book value of the buildings to be relinquished to the lessor. </font></p > <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Future minimum payments under lease financing obligations and non-cancelable operating leases as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 are as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="84%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"> <p style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid; width: 92pt;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ending December&nbsp;31,</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Future<br />Minimum<br />Payments</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in&nbsp;thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2011</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">17,877</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2012</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,158</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2013</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13,208</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2014</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,169</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2015</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">8,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Thereafter</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">11,177</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total minimum payments</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">76,611</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Rent expense associated with the operating leases was $14.9 million, $14.5 million and $13.7 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Streaming Content </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company had $1,075.2 million and $114.8 million of commitments at December 31, 2010 and December&nbsp;31, 2009, respectively, related to streaming content license agreements that do not meet content library recognition criteria. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company also has entered into certain license agreements that include an unspecified or a maximum number of titles that the Company may or may not receive in the future and /or that include pricing contingent upon certain variables, such as domestic theatrical exhibition receipts for the title. As of the reporting date, it is unknown whether the Company will receive access to these titles or what the ultimate price per title will be. However such amounts are expected to be significant. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company has licenses with certain, and is currently involved in negotiations with other, performing rights organizations ("PROs") that hold certain rights to music used in connection with streaming content. For the latter, the Company accrues for estimated royalties that are due to PROs and adjusts these accruals based on any changes in estimates. While we anticipate finalizing these negotiations, the outcome of these negotiations is uncertain. Additionally, pending litigation between certain PROs and other third parties could impact our negotiations. If the Company is unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with the PROs, the Company could become involved in similar litigation. The results of any negotiation or litigation may be materially different from management's estimates. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Litigation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations. </font> ;</p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">On March&nbsp;29, 2010, Parallel Networks, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company and others in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Parallel Networks, LLC v. Abercrombie&nbsp;&amp; Fitch Co., et. al</i>, Civil Action No 6:10-cv-00111-LED. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&nbsp;6,446,111 entitled "Method and Apparatus for Client-Server Communication Using a Limited Capability Client Over a Low-Speed Communication Link," issued on September&nbsp;3, 2002. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amo unt has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">On September&nbsp;25, 2009, Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, captioned <i>Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc. v. Amazon.com Inc., et. al,</i> Civil Action No.&nbsp;6:09-cv-422. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patents Nos.&nbsp;5,649,131 entitled "Communications Protocol" issued on July&nbsp;15, 1997, 5,623,656 entitled "Script Based Data Communication System and Method Utilizing State Memory" issued on April&nbsp;22, 1997 and 5,404,507 entitled "Apparatus and Method for Finding Records in a Database by Formulating a Query Using Equivalent Terms Which Correspond to Terms in the Input Query," issued April&nbsp;4, 1995. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs an d fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patents in the future. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company in various United States Federal Courts. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. These cases have been transferred by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation to the Northern District of California to be consolidated or coordinated for pre-trial purposes, and have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029. A number of substantially similar suits were filed in California State Courts, and have been consolidated in Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former StreamVault Media customers,&nbsp;generally allege that StreamVault Media and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher StreamVault Media subscription prices. On&nbsp;March&nbsp;19, 2010, plaintiffs filed a motion to certify a class consisting of "any person or entity in the United States that paid a subscription fee to StreamVault Media on or after May&nbsp;19, 2005 up to and including the date of class certification" with certain exceptions. The Court granted the motion for class certification on December&nbsp;23, 2010. A number of other cases have been filed in Federal and State courts by current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc., alleging injury arising from similar facts.&nbsp;These cases have been related to MDL 2029 or, in the case of the California State cases, coordinated with the cases in Santa Clara County. On August&nbsp;27, 2010, Wal-Mart stated that it had settled the cases with both the StreamVault Media and Blockbuster plaintiffs. A hearing on the plaintiffs' motion for preliminary approval of the settlement was heard on February 9, 2011, but the co urt has not yet ruled on the motion. StreamVault Media is not part of the settlement and continues to litigate these cases. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">On October&nbsp;24, 2008, Media Queue, LLC filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, captioned <i>Media Queue, LLC v. StreamVault Media, et. al</i> , Civil Action No. CIV 08-402-KEW. The complaint alleges that the Company infringed U.S. Patent No.&nbsp;7,389,243 entitled "Notification System and Method for Media Queue" issued on June&nbsp;17, 2008. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest and fees, and seeks to permanently enjoin the Company from infringing the patent in the future. On February&nbsp;24, 2009, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California. On August&nbsp;14, 2009, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. A hearing on the motion was held on November& nbsp;17, 2009. On December&nbsp;1, 2009, the Court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment of non-infringement. On February&nbsp;10, 2010, plaintiff appealed the summary judgment ruling. With respect to this matter, management has determined that a potential loss is not probable and accordingly, no amount has been accrued. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible as it is defined by ASC 450; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. </font></p> </div> 5. Commitments and Contingencies Lease obligations The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string Includes disclosure of commitments and contingencies. This element may be used as a single block of text to encapsulate the entire disclosure including data and tables. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 14 -Paragraph 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 false false Commitments and Contingencies 1 2 Commitments and Contingencies UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 10401 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_LongTermDebtAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Long-term Debt 3 false 0 us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>4.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Long-term Debt </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Senior Notes </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November&nbsp;15, 2017 (the "8.50% Notes"). The net proceeds to the Company from the 8.50% Notes were approximately $193.9 million. Debt issuance costs of $6.1 million are recorded in other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over the term of the notes as interest expense. The notes were issued at par and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually at a rate of 8.50%&nbsp;per annum on May&nbsp;15 and November&nbsp;15 of each year, commencing on May&nbsp;15, 2010. The 8.50%&nbsp;Notes are repayable in whole or in part upon the occurrence of a change of control, at the option of the holders, at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued interest. Prior to November&nbsp;15, 2012, in the event of a qualified equity offering, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 8.50%&nbsp;Notes at a redemption price of 108.50% of the principal plus accrued interest. Additionally, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&nbsp;Notes prior to November&nbsp;15, 2013 in whole or in part at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a "make-whole" premium. On or after November&nbsp;15, 2013, the Company may redeem the 8.50%&nbsp;Notes in whole or in part at specified prices ranging from 104.25% to 100% of the principal plus accrued interest. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The 8.50% Notes include, among other terms and conditions, limitations on the Company's ability to create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness (other than specified types of permitted indebtedness); dispose of assets outside the ordinary course (subject to specified exceptions); acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity (other than specified types of permitted acquisitions); create, incur or allow any lien on any of its property or assign any right to receive income (except for specified permitted liens); make investments (other than specified types of investments); or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to specified exceptions). At December&nbsp;31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the 8.50% Notes was approximately $225.0 million as of December&nbsp;31, 2010. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Credit Agreement </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In September 2009, the Company entered into a credit agreement which provided for a $100 million three-year revolving line of credit. Loans under the credit agreement bore interest, at the Company's option, at either a base rate determined in accordance with the credit agreement, plus a spread of 1.75% to 2.25%, or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus a spread of 2.75% to 3.25%. In October 2009, the Company borrowed $20 million under the credit agreement. The proceeds, net of issuance costs, to the Company were approximately $19.0 million. In connection with the issuance of the 8.50% Notes, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under and terminated the credit agreement. Issuance costs related to the line of credit were included in interest expense in the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2009. </font></p> </div> 4. Long-term Debt Senior Notes In November 2009, the Company issued $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50% senior notes due November&nbsp;15, false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string This element may be used as a single block of text to encapsulate the entire disclosure for long-term borrowings including data and tables. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 false false Long-term Debt 1 2 Long-term Debt UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 10201 - Disclosure - Short-term Investments true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_ShortTermInvestmentsAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Short-term Investments 3 false 0 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>2.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Short-term Investments </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company's investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and hold securities principally for the purpose of selling them in the near future. The Company's policy is focused on the preservation of capital, liquidity and return. From time to time, the Company may sell certain securities but the objectives are generally not to generate profits on short-term differences in price. Short-term investments are therefore classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="55%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>December&nbsp;31, 2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Amortized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Estimated</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair&nbsp; Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">109,745</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,043</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(101</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">110,687</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">42,062</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">331</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(101</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">42,292</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,881</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">168</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(140</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,909</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">154,688</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,542</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(342</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="16"> </td> <td height="16" colspan="16"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>December&nbsp;31, 2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Amortized</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Cost</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />Gains</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Gross</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Unrealized<br />Losses</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Estimated</b></font><br /><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair Value</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Corporate debt securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">82,362</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">915</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(106</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">83,171</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Government and agency securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">96,998</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">72</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">96,654</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Asset and mortgage backed securities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,262</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">143</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,193</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">185,622</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(734</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments that are in an unrealized loss position and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider those investments with an unrealized loss to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December&nbsp;31, 2010. There were no material other-than-temporary impairments or credit losses related to available-for-sale securities in 2010, 2009 or 2008. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The gross realized gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the three years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were $1.0 million, $1.9 million and $4.9 million, respectively. There were no material gross realized losses from the sale of available-for-sale investments for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009. The gross realized losses on the sales of available-for-sale securities for the year ended 2008 were $1.8 million. Realized gains and losses and interest income are included in interest and other income. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The estimated fair value of short-term investments by contractual maturity as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="84%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="8%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in&nbsp;thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due within one year</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">18,966</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due after one year and through 5 years</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">134,014</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due after 5 years and through 10 years</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Due after 10 years</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,908</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total short-term investments</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company measures certain financial assets at fair value on a recurring basis, including cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr><td width="55%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&nbsp;31, 2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Quoted&nbsp;Prices&nbsp;in<br />Active Markets<br />for Identical<br />Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Other<br />Observable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Unobservable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">353</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">353</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">156,241</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">353</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="8"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total non-current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">160,802</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,914</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">155,888</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="16"> </td> <td height="16" colspan="16"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Fair Value Measurements at December&nbsp;31, 2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Quoted&nbsp;Prices&nbsp;in<br />Active Markets<br />for Identical<br />Assets</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Other<br />Observable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Significant<br />Unobservable<br />Inputs</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Total</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 1)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 2)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(Level 3)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="5"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (1)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Fixed income available-for-sale securities (2)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,708</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">690</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td height="8"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Non-current Assets:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Money market funds (3)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total non-current financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total financial assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">189,537</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,519</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,018</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="border-bottom: #000000 0.5pt solid; line-height: 8px; margin-top: 0px; width: 10%; margin-bottom: 2px;"> </p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. </font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(2)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Included in short-term investments in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. </font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3)</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Included in other non-current assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as these funds represent restricted cash related to workers compensation deposits. </font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The hierarchy level assigned to each security in the Company's available-for-sale portfolio and cash equivalents is based on its assessment of the transparency and reliability of the inputs used in the valuation of such instrument at the measurement date. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 1 category is based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market. The fair value of available-for-sale securities included in the Level 2 category is based on observable inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These values were obtained from an independent pricing service and were evaluated using pricing models that vary by asset class and may incorporate available trade , bid and other market information and price quotes from well established independent pricing vendors and broker-dealers. Our procedures include controls to ensure that appropriate fair values are recorded, such as comparing prices obtained from multiple independent sources. See Note 4 for further information regarding the fair value of the 8.50% senior notes. </font></p> </div> 2. Short-term Investments The Company's investment policy is consistent with the definition of available-for-sale securities. The Company does not buy and false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string This item represents the entire disclosure related to Available-for-sale Securities which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities. A debt security represents a creditor relationship with an enterprise. Debt securities include, among other items, US Treasury securities, US government securities, municipal securities, corporate bond s, convertible debt, commercial paper, and all securitized debt instruments. An equity security represents an ownership interest in an enterprise or the right to acquire or dispose of an ownership interest in an enterprise at fixed or determinable prices. Equity securities include, among other things, common stock, certain preferred stock, warrant rights, call options, and put options, but do not include convertible debt. An entity may opt to provide the reader with additional narrative text to better understand the nature of investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized as Available-for-sale. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 03-1 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph a, b Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS115-1/124-1 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a, b Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 19, 20, 21 false false Short-term Investments 1 2 Short-term Investments UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 10601 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 nflx_GuaranteesintellectualPropertyIndemnificationObligationsAbstract nflx false na duration Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations [Abstract] false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations [Abstract] false false Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations 3 false 0 us-gaap_ScheduleOfGuaranteeObligationsTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>6.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Guarantees&#8212;Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company's breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company's obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The terms of such obligations vary. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the conditional nature of the Company's obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in the accompanying financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees. </font></p> </div> 6. Guarantees&#8212;Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string Provides pertinent information about each guarantee obligation, or each group of similar guarantee obligations, including (a) the nature of the guarantee, including its term, how it arose, and the events or circumstances that would require the guarantor to perform under the guarantee; (b) the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee; (c) the current carrying amount of the liability, if any , for the guarantor's obligations under the guarantee; and (d) the nature of any recourse provisions under the guarantee, and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties, and any relevant related party disclosure. Excludes disclosures about product warranties. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 9, 10, 11, 12 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 45 -Paragraph 13, 16 false false Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations 1 2 Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 00105 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical) true false false 1 false false USD false false 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ As_Of_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 instant 2010-12-31T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 false false USD false false 12/31/2009 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ As_Of_12_31_2009 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 instant 2009-12-31T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 3 false 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 0.001 0.001 false true false false false 2 true false false 0.001 0.001 false true false false false EPS us-types:perShareItemType decimal Face amount or stated value per share of nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer); generally not indicative of the fair market value per share. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 false true Preferred stock, par value 4 false 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 10000000 10000000 false false false false false 2 true false false 10000000 10000000 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 false false Preferred stock, shares authorized 5 false 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 false false Preferred stock, shares issued 6 false 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false fals e 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 false false Preferred stock, shares outstanding 7 false 0 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 0.001 0.001 false true false false false 2 true false false 0.001 0.001 false true false false false EPS us-types:perShareItemType decimal Face amount or stated value of common stock per share; generally not indicative of the fair market value per share. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 4 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 false true Common stock, par value 8 false 0 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 160000000 160000000 false false false false false 2 true false false 160000000 160000000 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 false false Common stock, shares authorized 9 false 0 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 52781949 52781949 false false false false false 2 true false false 53440073 53440073 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 false false Common stock, shares issued 10 false 0 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 52781949 52781949 false false false false false 2 true false false 53440073 53440073 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Total number of shares of common stock held by shareholders. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the common shareholders. Excludes common shares repurchased by the entity and held as Treasury shares. Shares outstanding equals shares issued minus shares held in treasury. Does not include common shares that have been repurchased. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 false false Common stock, shares outstanding 2 9 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical) (USD $) UnKnown NoRounding NoRounding UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 10801 - Disclosure - Income Taxes true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_AcruedIncomeTaxesAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Income Taxes 3 false 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>8.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Income Taxes </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="68%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Current tax provision:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Federal</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">85,989</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">55,104</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">41,883</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">State</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">21,803</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,900</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,063</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total current</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">107,792</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">70,004</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">53,946</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Deferred tax provision:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Federal</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,602</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,568</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,680</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">State</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">653</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(240</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,792</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total deferred</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(949</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,328</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(5,472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">106,843</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Income tax benefits attributable to the exercise of employee stock options at $62.2 million, $12.4 million and $4.6 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, are recorded directly to additional paid-in-capital. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes, with the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="68%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate of 35%</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">93,694</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">67,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">46,060</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">State income taxes, net of Federal income tax effect</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">15,565</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,350</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,155</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">R&amp;D tax credit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,254</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,600</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,321</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(54</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(89</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">108</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">892</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">404</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">472</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Provision for income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">106,843</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">76,332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">48,474</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="77%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2010&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2009&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Deferred tax assets/(liabilities):</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accruals and reserves</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,764</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,144</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Depreciation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(5,970</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(3,259</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock-based compensation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19,084</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,824</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">R&amp;D credits</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,351</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,178</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">461</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,166</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Deferred tax assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19,689</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19,053</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In evaluating its ability to realize the net deferred tax assets, the Company considered all available positive and negative evidence, including its past operating results and the forecast of future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009, it was considered more likely than not that substantially all deferred tax assets would be realized, and no valuation allowance was recorded. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In December 2010, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was signed into law. One of the major components of this legislation is the reinstatement of the Federal R&amp;D credit retroactively to January&nbsp;1, 2010. As a result, the Company recorded a Federal R&amp;D credit of approximately $1.8 million as a discrete item in the fourth quarter of 2010. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company classifies gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $20.7 million, of which $16.8 million, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company's effective tax rate. The aggregate changes in the Company's total gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits are summarized as follows (in thousands):</font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="89%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance as of December&nbsp;31, 2008</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,859</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,385</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance as of December&nbsp;31, 2009</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13,244</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during prior periods</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,150</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,283</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balance as of December&nbsp;31, 2010</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">20,677</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company includes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was $1.7 million, which is classified as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company files U.S. federal and state tax returns. The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the years 2008 and 2009.&nbsp;The years 1997 through 2007 (which represent approximately $3.5 million of the gross unrecognized tax benefit) remain subject to examination by the IRS&nbsp;but their statute of limitations expires in 2011.&nbsp;The Company is currently under examination by the state of California for the years 2006 and 2007.&nbsp;The years 1997 through 2005 as well as 2008 and 2009 remain subject to examination by the state of California. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Given the potential outcome of the current examinations as well as the impact of the current examinations on the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next twelve months.&nbsp;However, at this time, an estimate of the range of reasonably possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made.</font></p> </div> 8. Income Taxes The components of provision for income taxes for all periods presented were as follows: &nbsp; false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string Description containing the entire income tax disclosure. Examples include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. This element may be used as a single block of text to encapsulate the enti re disclosure including data and tables. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 136, 172 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49 false false Income Taxes 1 2 Income Taxes UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 10901 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_GeneralDiscussionOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xb rli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Employee Benefit Plan 3 false 0 us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>9.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Employee Benefit Plan </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% of their annual salary through payroll deductions, but not more than the statutory limits set by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches employee contributions at the discretion of the Board of Directors. During 2010, 2009 and 2008, the Company's matching contributions totaled $2.8 million, $2.3 million and $2.0 million, respectively.</font></p> </div> 9. Employee Benefit Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees. Eligible employees may contribute up to 60% false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string This element may be used to capture the entire disclosure for an employer that sponsors one or more defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans, of certain information, separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5, 6, 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 132R -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph d Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 158 -Paragraph 4, 7, 16, 20, 21 false false Employee Benefit Plan 1 2 Employee Benefit Plan UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 00200 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS true false In Thousands, except Per Share data false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 false false USD false false 1/1/2009 - 12/31/2009 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_2009 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2009-01-01T00:00:00 2009-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 3 false false USD false false 1/1/2008 - 12/31/2008 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_2008 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2008-01-01T00:00:00 2008-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 3 false 0 us-gaap_Revenues us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 tr ue false false 2162625000 2162625 false true false false false 2 true false false 1670269000 1670269 false true false false false 3 true false false 1364661000 1364661 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Aggregate revenue recognized during the period (derived from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies, also includes investment and interest income, and sales and trading gains. Refer ence 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 false false Revenues 4 true 0 us-gaap_CostOfRevenueAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Cost of revenues: 5 false 0 us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldSubscription us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 1154109000 1154109 false false false false false 2 true false false 909461000 909461 false false false false false 3 true false false 761133000 761133 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Costs incurred and are directly related to generating revenues in fulfilling customer subscriptions. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 false false Subscription 6 false 0 nflx_FulfillmentExpense nflx false debit duration Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs... false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 true false false 203246000 203246 false false false false false 2 true false false 169810000 169810 false false false false false 3 true false false 149101000 149101 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs attributable to receiving, encoding, inspecting and warehousing the Company's content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. No authoritative reference available. false false Fulfillment expenses 7 false 0 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 1357355000 1357355 false false false false false 2 true false false 1079271000 1079271 false false false false false 3 true false false 910234000 910234 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 true false Total cost of revenues 8 false 0 us-gaap_GrossProfit us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 805270000 805270 false false false false false 2 true false false 590998000 590998 false false false false false 3 true false false 454427000 454427 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. No authoritative reference available. true false Gross profit 9 true 0 us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Operating expenses: 10 false 0 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 163329000 163329 false false false false false 2 true false false 114542000 114542 false false false false false 3 true false false 89873000 89873 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 141 -Paragraph 51 -Subparagraph g Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 2 -Paragraph 12, 13 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 86 -Paragraph 11, 12 false false Technology and development 11 false 0 us-gaap_MarketingExpense us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 293839000 293839 false false false false false 2 true false false 237744000 237744 false false false false false 3 true false false 199713000 199713 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs. No authoritative reference available. false false Marketing 12 false 0 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 70555000 70555 false false false false false 2 true false false 51333000 51333 false false false false false 3 true false false 49662000 49662 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. No authoritative reference available. false false General and administrative 13 false 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfOtherAssets us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -6094000 -6094 false false false false false 2 true false false -4560000 -4560 false false false false false 3 true false false -6327000 -6327 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The gains and losses included in results of operations resulting from the sale or disposal of other assets not otherwise defined. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 144 -Paragraph 47 false false Gain on disposal of DVDs 14 false 0 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 521629000 521629 false false false false false 2 true false false 399059000 399059 false false false false false 3 true false false 332921000 332921 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. No authoritative reference available. true fals e Total operating expenses 15 false 0 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 283641000 283641 false false false false false 2 true false false 191939000 191939 false false false false false 3 true false false 121506000 121506 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. No authoritative reference available. true false Operating income 16 true 0 us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract us-gaa p true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Other income (expense): 17 false 0 us-gaap_InterestExpense us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -19629000 -19629 false false false false false 2 true false false -6475000 -6475 false false false false false 3 true false false -2458000 -2458 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest that was charged aga inst earnings during the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 34 -Paragraph 21 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher OTS -Name Federal Regulation (FR) -Number Title 12 -Chapter V -Section 563c.102 -Paragraph 9 -Subsection II Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 false false Interest expense 18 false 0 us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 true false false 3684000 3684 false false false false false 2 true false false 6728000 6728 false false false false false 3 true false false 12452000 12452 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The aggregate amount of other income amounts resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends, (b) interest on securities, (c) profits on securities (net of losses), and (d) miscellaneo us other income items. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 7 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Audit and Accounting Guide (AAG) -Number AAG-BRD -Chapter 4 -Paragraph 80 -Subparagraph Exhibit 4-4 -IssueDate 2006-05-01 false false Interest and other income 19 false 0 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 267696000 267696 false false false false false 2 true false false 192192000 192192 false false false false false 3 true false false 131500000 131500 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income (expense) before income (loss) from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, cumulative effects of changes in accounting principles, and noncontrolling interest. Reference 1: http:/ /www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1(i) -Article 4 true false Income before income taxes 20 false 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 106843000 106843 false false false false false 2 true false false 76332000 76332 false false false false false 3 true false false 48474000 48474 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The sum of the current income tax expense (benefit) and the deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph a, b false false Provision for income taxes 21 false 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 160853000 160853 false true false false false 2 true false false 115860000 115860 false true false false false 3 true false false 83026000 83026 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The portion of consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. If the entity does not present consolidated financial statements, the amount of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 true false Net income 22 true 0 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Net income per share: 23 false 0 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 3.06 3.06 false true false false false 2 true false false 2.05 2.05 false true false false false 3 true false false 1.36 1.36 false true false false false EPS us-types:perShareItemType decimal The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 36, 37, 38 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 false true Basic 24 false 0 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 2.96 2.96 false true false false false 2 true false false 1.98 1.98 false true false false false 3 true false fa lse 1.32 1.32 false true false false false EPS us-types:perShareItemType decimal The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during the reporting period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 11, 12, 36 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 false true Diluted 25 true 0 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 26 false 0 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic us-gaap true na durat ion No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 52529000 52529 false false false false false 2 true false false 56560000 56560 false false false false false 3 true false false 60961000 60961 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of [basic] shares, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares and other shares not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares have been outstanding to the total time in that period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 171 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 false false Basic 27 false 0 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 54304000 54304 false false false false false 2 true false false 58416000 58416 false false false false false 3 true false false 62836000 62836 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares The average number of shares issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS, determined based on the timing of issuance of shares in the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph a Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 128 -Paragraph 8 false false Diluted 3 26 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (USD $) Thousands Thousands NoRounding UnKnown false true
begin 644 0001193125-11-040217-xbrl.zip M4$L#!!0````(`%UU4CZNX\:G.9(``(2!"``1`!P`;F9L>"TR,#$P,3(S,2YX M;6Q55`D``\++7DW"RUY-=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U; U=+2=TA+L:U_[S_ M]IOS?]3K?WRX^P2\T$T'*$B`&R,G01YXQDD?7,8A(5T '?IX5!G0S\PS0]5;9]`V#*U>'U7QP2&T2/H\*T8[@Y,GEZ/J MPJ`-M`9L-3050J"W-=A6(?CR:_[B2R?V`6U40-[5^DD2M1N-Y^?G,W;[+(Q[ M]"-5;^"`)$[@HEK^9MO'P= ?]>QM:-MV(WLZ>946Y.') MN\5RS4;^ 2TF#WF.OVG45UG58+!1OT#Q,0D.#K75?Y&^,/PBZ_LO, MVP%*NCY^.7/#`>MVM0ZU`CT4)SW'B1:H']U?U@*"E_4??1$V_OCUT[W;1P.G M/FD'92P`YZQ?VR1[=(>Z(.OG=C*,T+L:P8/(9^W-[O5CU'U78XVH,V*AIL.S M%^+50",OB($I#!+T0F&)W(2B, *.;F/O7>TJC1WV[!'2OY0RZ_$A?(3: MHY[_TO6 ZF.(_(Q?-M)4@]ZP7/C4N;WZIO5=IBU6S MJ5GJ>6/ZV;0H@GILK$UNT%LY:MKH)?*QBY-?T:!#*_(P?2\?Q:-N;]\G=+RP MKS_^E5+Z+L-!%`;T)[EXP:3V?OS:`QU7)(V']TGH?LU+.V\LK61*5F.6KO/& M3!> +$R16EYCWK.08%%=(R)G .F\4"C]O MC!CV.O?L&>[9AF3>FYAGEV.>O5/F0;7(/*AJQS+TZ/U!&!R(=U1JE^'=6+CO M:>!IFN2=*.-N7N4=B]`\+.L.H^\NR.-MMR`CFT?"JSN4.#A`WD =GPXEC%SX7F8B0;'_^)@[R:X="* L@:J 'J8B00.!:WDG]A"5?*/;P$Z[\'MG5_5>48\-6V_'L>Q:+V#3MORI_PD M&[>5H5SH0,G&;=E834`J1_IBUU/E'#5MVRGH5V1HY2WE3Q[QU26''-OFHZYR M.+15LZZK6P[MD=""/+4,YELH]V3D5M[2`QF,_ZC7?POPPL;/E-UCW PJF? M[>$GVI)IY>R]S^D`T;X,I^J8/AAD$8WH_6@G;?NW^ZOSQOCF5&TO_SXK]@H% MX0`'JPK.-OVV2=^)$5E5\F(1YXU""_*7EC5X:E2]VH[5A2R4L9KD8B&4(P]I MY*-YEM#['_W,D)I_XB' X S?935.BENL+R?F37U:'/0KBURL\6$8;5@1K>:7V2I8&=.2/V;" M[)+>CQW_)O#0RR]HN%D517&YLLB%&J KG-1E@(RY[ MD@]6X"$7#^A0>%>[^7Q=>T_IL%53MV9H65/9`F$YP.]0%,8)? 3 M$Z\5.5_Q-?91?$G9W@OC#3GPR8E["%RX+O*91$8>R`HKTC!3^GS57](.] X^7Q9K&VVR/D*?P_]-*"J..^.#;GZ.2Q6-%?4?$W_1;[_2Q`^!_=4 M75"_V;LA)*6VQS8X6E'FM.J'V&&0OA\..J&_654LRT1>UTPA>=GL8?O"_2O% M)//U;[OW28P M>9_Q57I-9FE41N\"3U_O7]74X!8=/&#B[&\G?W^/0-!4N]4L=NR:BG=!WZ:, MUZ!MS`!UO_1MS&A=59NVN3%]LP\^HV2DQY:IY_*=I;?T;%2/:%E5R79TE.@4 M:%'HF]L1\CD,W%WT"50MJS@0UU2T-3FENH8..'U3 K3=\+80W'=#7W?B0AJ@_'53S60/V.F"J"6DD\BQ\WR@XU^ M1X[GC7\_8R_IOZM1IGQ?8Y6-:HK9=7;E@2?'Q[W@72T)H\G[QO I6T CX0!&XT&AQ21Y M$_&$_A6-C [\P;M>(R!$] M,XA=Q") O:%:WC$'Z3S7[`V#T`DCH8X^.L'D.4.U#`4AOF,L0 MMO7PA;,BZH*P,7F%W&R5==I`'2IOT!F[Y9I$2DFD:(=`"K.F*H?$H8H7ARFJ M73E33F. [)*1FU#]=%Z%NM[8$!,RI6&K> MS=BO=8@&$P./^1[4G*-W=FF_7OU^E;N14QM6`3V6R7F%0 BVMC$]0?@ -VS:H]B[NC08)N*:IJ"HJ$ 7$I=S*7@55335E3-%E3T M2FV\!U"T#$VQ5%$=5\' "S^TU):B-E6.!L./4BQ6`X6F M;2JFJ8L%!>F $ D-+*D.MN6)-V$BMV2UKZ$Q-0%-$P%ZJ)"0DAK?R9X MNS@I$J!$6OQ5CP GB/D) MEH&62ET4GF993DO_ 7Z+:5JNPZ;Z2 MYD&M(-[VM,G=CQ(UW&ZZDSLA.62*:#LACV+,REV1Z]E?>F)OVG,Z+Y-\@RBE MC)O:YRNL[.IEWOY6,J8T#9$3+PG`YF3 ,/L.9.!=Q&*$^N1K*IF9`=`GC*ZJ!Y@NJ`0S:T-$4W+4'%@?AZ@4-$F$U% M;8IJ*1R5UW`?=I-G)T8*P('KIUEN=LS\O\#QZRE!@(Q>.#WMH0.I-*KK? &PJABHJ(@3V*J[3.,!)&J/,J>CB%W9]P+WMW.!/ZH,*>Q]" MQ="E$R$1,46$IAC:$>D# =P@CI!E5-,//#!4!73$E462.T@$?%6 M;X$+^?\).03U0]\#>!#%X5-V%";''D)!?^X-?[=/Q0`U'W?1]%?8+3QA?2>U M1C7:VU2:NJ@;,*36V,\ C&2 M.14K'R+05"Q+U.`.*33W@8BFHMJB)KQ>)C0/M8^QW` L8IXPB(8DR)I/6R#YR(EO!";R2(WO@.FH!2Y+,4 T?+\"0N):B7V$>7V6VKH'7R:U6%G=A`YKUH"Z7N;35.:EJB1 M"1(1^T&$*0\3/(P`O$,DB;'+W'/7(?W3DH$ FA M2$C,)-7455$A(:(V%BP05?;&"L#EEQN$Y;X6)U@F3'!U%.*A8RSG%FNRR%GC M;!JJR\)JO]/.K/$-Y?5H8/8)BQY10(Q(A-P$/R%_J!1C :Q(I?$5URJ!;KMDC@VYET"T7+!=KAG)LK9*$NAB`.#[*CU)E M)^$ESLL*^Y0G`.ZP,SB:E3(4VQ)U4[N$Q%X@`153:PH*B7*JD3NI&#G#F#KK M>>*70>2'0T3]912@+CZU11P.U]$MI:F).G,OH;%7:)B*H8FZC^5H;,KL6&5$ M$A`&P$,=&9];]:C0%"BL!2&AL6=H-(_I1`,1Q*-+/\]"@MR_4DQPMI*7;6:0 M M8RF%BN:7?2&\RS*.:3LM' ] ML0)P^66Y_0N\)*?^A)T.]G&"10^27VR:7VB:C)B7$?,;FLJB1U7*B/GMN2:1 MPE=(MHR8YYH],F)>1LQSP7*Q%J'D\CVG,R&&I4"NS@J6DV-50T)3M&,*`^59 M+,JU>2X`#Q55DVD')3:6[RG3FS+O8%D 5;"=>IWL>^S@^%'V1CS>>Z7Y`YUW]6N MTOSL^4=(_VJJ:CT^A(]0>]3S7S60!CA_\S=Z`;4:\)"+!XY/>Z*NU]Y#PX8J MQ;HZ(GBQNK?38L_08K].BVE;C)0]T`+5(BU0?9463=4UPRQ)RQ=GR!Z0ZS"^ MF*X],*[G*Q*? NXW"0>84760+ZG8*COIS8%57OCLY-X="JALZ-`5!OJ9L3FI)Z MSW&B]EC.T^^8SKL 1B$,8)_CMCSVV7Z *]XZ-[Y*9Q5NJ% M][\T[_G/*+GM/C@OV_6LUM+GV[%K`JOL@1*\;#75`_ VNG[I5F M0DMV5O:K#+1.M[ H] MPX3S6GXG1%;>\M?A USAP`K:F> ^&QHWQUH1O)G%QMGCC.0FS9;?T.0*6 M302_5E6)AMI4HIBMDE7M9"K+@%"%^I(:E\\7E:RXC`PQ5'MI4Y=7O')Z8R>] M`"U3G7 ],QX6]6X8U]EY/(!,1L89*-0!O)`2%H0)Z*3#[(2*?NA[A;=! M%&.JAR+']X>`EI;5%J5Q%!+$JB(4V!34[/8`9)M$$0B0$X-NFJ0QFJF,-FC: MBF[HIH0EY\B_B6)$J*_HC)O@YB:&`GQ,74EJ?N34Q8B6&IP!9G&`A/8J.\^4 M_:]DI8Q;-7"&&65TW&4Q+,4&==(D>S?L_"\_'94`:KF`'@I0G+62]08M-;^1 M,-)"=E('HY1,$>AA:OI0B>0BQB;632YM;0&BN`!15@&;YT:T!U'.>]S%M/4. M6 'UD\":1Y=O$D_.6`0(:A\@,L/HHZC>8$3(QQ/'F"AGYM\A;@XM.#!K[ MJ)LYT97#44)C%7M^CD-"*H#%;T&,:.NJP>3/U"Y=UV@)2@G*@U?.HF[0\:#R M6+#XD5`?ET5+50"):^IM3KL49"NWE0/D-$R[BDU[F?1KMQOJ+\,X"K,I)7:0 M86&69['% ]I7H7* M-B[[0O;%%GUQQ#VP1/2L\=U*RQ?!C!F.EE::AF):TL"5F"@NNC +)"+V MXNGH7`'BB#T=?G@.FTW%$E8SB.CB"'9V@^P-V1L'=70$ZX/UKDX?,8%-=8^Y M6LP4WBE$FR]^4,ZI$CW^7OA-N/)T=G&0(C?A &Y6#&$ 1(9TJ8ZK,*`MJAR89E)Q7L0MU"[\61?R+Z0^U3E/E7^%U:@U51,C2 SK\\!Q:IJ)"49 D[279Z,PZ`$X!TLG SPWB7/B9+?NIQ1$0A8F%*GAPX[V MU]_N!I\294NV9)$V:A^1)1)H]+N![L92O5R>]4;"%!.\"OJO1(9B\[03= UAY@E#=?L,VT`:G5N6R.`[\.^K 58 M+*?'%5;/95>KXX*C.Z^%SR]WCV>A$&PI>!@Q8&X8;3.]4J0A_R+6%-U>6!V3 MP2(\8&T#_QIG?]&#+WK%%P:`'"W4->S> 8B53&. ME^"0P,_Y[_@PB4[Z9-O86F0%9.4[[P'/T0P4&6B" 2 Z+;,\9XT*24S@?NSC2= M[?D4M%7.]>1S@`\9)% S^N76.EIQVRHN6B(7*!%T_HTZYMV>"9)6ZUWCA_"6+N M;=A1>EZJIT$AG.X$_ !C;)-GIW=SP:,DA! X[>(3"L=0NPM.W\DZZSS@>$R9A*/VK[#Q0G23@%PZ/9@Q/&^%QVF"G MK@>WG7%TV+MB>-Q5Q^5_%_$IC"W .9GB?Y1'HR M7M[O!.3XF_N6N>ON?K^_^^[^X'"[^WKJ1YYZN[BO[ VB%^3C]"8M^E.Q# MH06CV_,A:,4-.Y=Y@DQTRYE 428*^T`N1E3^!7,WSM&IDP[W*J^08W5T0=4 8 M%E/Y8A*)\)KBB-*WY_XBT>1M'WF_^D&3Z?D\[&I;>(BV`(_.$YH^&[.6WHMK MX3'K^'E*FD9WT,C6-&H\C;K'I]'SL']'WG+05R+L^4J$)`QQYUJ%?*_6U]G( MP\%M#Y'V_9Q>H%Y@`Q:XG:6YMX[I[EG'?`A\L 8'S0^:'W3&L.85S2M/JC9CWP[7._F#BJ95(?6M]=LO[6?F MB#4P%[W=F:&:.;2*U4S3+*;1&D4SQS/3*'5.6],+%%I5%*5QH7&A 9H$'/HV$_' M?MK'U[C0N'CDV&\F4)7_XV2T6 %N5_OHQ\$\=G0*[B^G3 M"]0+//X";]>VC K,BV.'0SVC/]#[:YHU-&MHUGCNFRB::333Z)VW MINTJ:%QH7&A )AK?)YW+-B CUG_YB[_O W&:.?2VO68,'?MIYM"QGX[]M(^O M NZ&IDIJJ_K>I8)E'J!;5_@[=JV C1K:-;0K'$,UGB:FRB::333Z)VWINTJ:%QH7&A (^XT)]7=?^#71SFAU8H['1[PY; M:G\U3QR")[I&W]*QG^8(G7ZO>4)'=,V/Z%IV"9'&AL:&QL:.D9WZ2/=)U`5Q M&YI_FYW^(DXC3N9)7YRJ%/A7;`0:+(OS:"4F?G$CW7@&ZLW\*?\Q&]+.5!XK MHK,,#()K!10G\#R^B$!99I\`,^JW?YR8H*R%AQGXCO2O\K\7W'6SOPD4,,*F M^=/)%J%M]GSOI]SB8?BZ3S-2V]YU`]L22`>"X]QWO,2E7FC,X=&, 6= @A!^HRD.[%8$BD6P:]@@D11")Z)$@!;^D#9 MA(;F,3TS+ZZQ9,@E'8;KG^(]E]=TSR6\>GN74%EB3!PQO>8'UAF+JR! XE_9O#@TA_^JB_U4I "7HZY1%:>AL$ V:`PXG2X4%)5XTP)POJ=]L"'(` M0Y3("GSMPAHFTJ4'U6K30BCI`V;GBGWQ1T*:PF"D8+\!V\%`5 ^B__\ M7NBWL_@-#\,E0/HO@@_1"^]_%M-_G)Q%WRZFWRS[6]?Z9IOF\(0EOE0_?84/ MEGT"QL61 ][AABL@+,K6;=,Z"CNP'MCD MTE(@O?-^J98X-N78!>& M..T.^_W1%N#7PW*@58PKJ[B;6T[[@_ZP88NPS/(BMN"D@6D/^_M:1#"?2Q75 MX0``)?`=^&F@)1&A[$ RLCQ`K2*N178 M::K?T-BDMH8]KU`2AYG@AWZ'+.XD-\/'#BYSR$J$)Y>I0GIV-]3W"_0&&[8D M#K)$_"#QPWM2+`%XCU?$L>GZ9`[\AI4NMEO/,>+6-`R%J!66!FXR2(>G@A\( M\;,M`]P#4/YWL!`HK.!#IB_ +_T MTXRV098X)GRU2"`:H9^GY+M?^?(_%,](7\Z3.;T"LP$*(`+`QR`(`?J$'+?] M3_$(`$-%"!@#`$O%Z"* A@!@EWR(@[+L4XPF%ILB!N"KQA+L1O1`Z93&((DV*AY`"EQ2-0/J, M6/,YZA)X`P.J%!44VT"(Y=>B)W" F=I.@]_CE)(@_P*C6D(#"/` A0-)?$ M&'5F2_-2#RA7S1LCN09NI[T6#G+*.L:++;,@E``!9C,6ZF1-SE.MXJZ\*_WK MP%,L728>N$`.T0'W-I'=TDDGB?3P;]JD04*\#R+V3QX'(*QOP+@"T_J2LYG@ M[E\)#TFD(AF+*N])1>H3%X$#"M^`5)ZPE\CQW'&"A&QF2 F9G"%SA>:05\@W;3`!CU;(9-6?->H$5R_)O MI/L=V H,F!MGLB4385*\#=MJV9C5I'A`DRX,3870NVLX *7'(A*/[&0*%0B`; M$L`5IZE"ST8N`YMOT0$V*A""*( ]Y5;5D;F24JZ,42"VQ M:),2-_-^0%`8"["F+ZQ>)E=*JZ=K=,C]380RS%OR`C&7'[`K=$O@.8B60-/S MJ"34\`R>LB1>7+$_I?'F@2NGTJ$104_$#,)/,9_`PKJ642+5YF7FQSTX]8ON MH&-G2V1E6((:BU ?0 MPOD`9>1Y1*TJB>U^9Y1C0!G>TA-*H_N@8"9!\+VZE5KPM6(#/'WQP1K1IC-\ M52C+AZB!.XYDK6V.9# 5YP M$[VZ%UFV.2BW[.U/RG??NQB9Q69$Z8KYFIV,[(7>3UMG318;))O?>>CWI>V` M6[9?;DE=W39#JZ@(RI*OQO8BWA-'6]4-A/^'5NQWY>74LN"=FP?;9NIYATBJ MWA:1:PEX1;-7NXXK]XUFI4'HSY#]@M]\4,JD_-6G5*_ ^/K;D[? MTYQ'3\A_9(YX*?T"UG@6)!'8BNCG)M*^79V.P61:3515SZ'^PQH:HV%;"P>W MTWI-XG/[>?%Y`UM86`/#ZK>U!NXIJ/JN%H%CBT#7L%M[=UO[='Y/,_RQ&=XT MK$%;:^&?@L[O:Q$XL@B,#-.N BV\4T, MVMYRJUV6537A6CWD>EY:ISE;: !6$&Q^MC@*M3/E&^IDADQ M:2EP)*5F4*:5RC- M) M1W%RD=!)-95N4&3V% U%`& @..\L35D.!U?(X*Z:B&4S&F&V;^-_!.F/: MEDB3Q8OU4;I7MBH.3F,4I4E9D X$JTP!L8HDRTH_ YH+*! M;.RHP_X]D\A.*%4@"G)!!>.8S:IJ3-2`910JB(,D!I4LBD3Q"I9)"E) K%^7.5 = M5Q+V%22J?C_`S@U8P0!:A,I24/X6*MU-)?OG_@H"4*6,FG4B:-%E[LK:*13+ M41FB*F.65`6^7P*2TFR+Q:.NFV"C"+(9") *\INUD@Q._$RU9A5> MB*F*@UJO>%S.*Y4/ZAOENY!L!DS,%UZP%"+]DF::8- EP[FEF/5'7@;$J0:9ZY6SEQ+H$ZN:S(T MH>@HK;;J(:@,Z1)F %=;"16\0&U=XJC4[ITZ+E&0Y\F_$NE2)Z"P MS"1E3KJ77CM*W'OALP_8>:F(-^QQ%GY^XEC[*#P8*,9&5""8[]^_`:1@@2)7 M4H$EI,0I-;()#C;'#DA5_R"SB7GQ'S8-@`$O8RH+>"M5,RQX(0GCW'']G4=` M5+_X&3#^1?S@`)/#J000ALB5]0;(KX&5P'MW0`5.I%C9D,'_L7 )\L0NP>58#5(I1K57$1`)\3VJ!%-Y(S-L`$4:S9]AX0'H:3X' M'X&L! A?43^A5-$M`AP3=0,I,'@5P[U Y;ULL-0#]CK2E06[09"K6@B@$NN1 P8/W`J[4O`3 MC$=;I2]KV-_N9WLT9QZV-_-.WR>8F,V^7IZQ 6 O:84=M.*0)8@*@W \Q6% M>+D$#,])PE.-_#66:;!)M(&OYZ#?RO.?+4+IE1C&5@#0('VC9_:,OCDLP5#H M]](T2.)W4L6>GU./#9L7$)`HVRCU$)S/D]2]YNQ_$P&*5MF`HM4.,`0&B_^F MJKPW>1TQ*D'U2\IPY]@)3XU16("5I?1H)?V]JGXC+8_>MP6(M`G0)F`/]=Q_ M 5I'"91WJQ1Z SEGQ4XM(WN\[DJH0:V$K[+"RD"?4.P9VTO'3H7HVB+>)O:J$X%A7YI MCX,_$HB.D1D^@?QZR(8? 05X)?&0Q%O568*JN"URYA ] Q1?58Y4 M,*K.3E&0%"XX!*[JZ9#U6J6&K=Q+MW`"GUK#J.XQJJKX7V_K0\&L#X^*L14& M9O)J5EH*8IR,-=)&]?WLL(M2U=I*;&OEL6V!LMPUFP QDJ%!RD+#!]`@ 0N6"(A_4Y:4\Z4"U&HM*^M4BM&:%&.X7:*;S7OL"%$P=5 MW=@STLR=#\*5%(LE8A][J`_=#KCX[O$9+*AV1V`-UNM $U"7':.0S;-L)Z M*B?-U8/P.LCV>R*^@:`;KF#8K0_W>@_OP+^,X8=//+P(R2R[U!+_DP@O9Q24 M!]O?'-`MMU$___CNY#>S8YI6%=@[)MPGA.N-W@\*(?T:G25@OT-@>W :P>PL\:IJ'PK(% ^.'PG*1Q+@IY^8)C`=$3FFNO4"U'S1M`]4>+C;I=S=Q ]50F/+M+N]&JC2R>X+Q\[B:@[']K".A@\# M9' /]7OO4'YM5P.Z8?7^@[DK. M0=<>'072G>E].A[8#X #XB[*H_NR.P]+H@[:PT` ^C;)?@- 0N+)580,?=KJ#`J[:Z1X*T1T4787([IC]PT)T%P%7(>IVS(?AZ*WTDGAE M'^#A=+,WPY1.^'"H=J2=U1F/#@_5KO2S.^-;Z% "^[9=#?H>!-ICK7)GC]X>K+@.;5CF[A>`VK;5 M._XR+[(6'LWCV1K0'FN5C\FSQUOFH_+LG X\+CL>]/ PMLK.XFQ*Y-O!\(=]8N_97]OT-#N/OFE[FRU7MO"`\E[E:WV[^=S%LSXJ$D M?#CH;M)(AX%P9S*/1RM[7@^#\&#R,AS=SHVKL]\.ZZ?TPN!/'O=CK!=;S%?W M?!Z\0VN9UJT0U\.P=[AWQ?2IW=^DY!\3[MTW;[L;C=,. 8=B9/".S3VC8!@9UZH(BC"&(RE)+(-JX MR#N0O*:K=?/3&1%]D'X0RGAYGJ8D`]&KHZ# G*/NU+!A_OII-P]>4/?\.SY7G&U*O8&/TBSME'GMH9L&UHT$Y"' MADR1F1'CL+N!O%_GY*.UM\1:F,`G. >MO$![O>H/P8+3[# =-ETF MNX>+B-&X'O[>V>S"YTW=T>^AY/7EPT_WXFIT?X[.$H\U?'N(8HXU49I'E-'1 MB?(\E.>13>A+*IW4-[;O*\K),H4AC"GBFU UIT &#>0(JV>,35-S MA.:(G"-LPQRT54?4V SOV?7\$F"3[;0H M7[N@QS8OYM`8CNV6VA?M HM<1I4V[KC'N#5K*$74^:*L.#+.V M-OK$ E3PR;)&9/U_B\M(R!V20']6?MA1R%$09&?S!J$!]HM_38 MFJ%K#$9-VBS_N3$^J#XO?(H,/^BW]2!`Z[]#Z#^[UPKMIXE_&+>X6?NV.QD_ M?0BHC\`T!I[[(:";[FQJQ_+8QF3 WM;4G#`$[[/;)%]#,\)Q M&*$W`J>SK?F';?1#N^`KN$$R\ G9`'#?RX?IC&0>MP4!(U]7&KSI;4M/'1 M6UN>YZXFFZ@K7R+&XSB4DT3UAXP#%L\$$S]$Z,A(8/-+,5]XP5)@TU7LX!K0 M1;7X&GLQL#LV`Q@\^,9@+RR[T\O^9-QWV8M>9Y!_(7V&? T.-^1GKHS$!&,"-_ T4-\'B342G^^H)O5)DO&%PMOB5>N MX^]1S.,D#L(EFZJDP=)`+.0QD3?]:D+-?V_K;"HCW;WT#ENONY?J[J7W]]%U M]])]T4[S2[-Z,NKNI0TDBNY>VD2BZ.ZE1]G$UMU+VWV"@C SDT4\1#U'P`Z%6M__3ACBF2 TF%4RO[BKZ(T2:^6]\K!.L/UO5Y6 6R9>=@V[WZ104Y>D/BKYL5-+DXRDKB,ZFA[HVE:[&*%U &0! MJ+XW>*3LR._1T,W'-#B5V:%1#@8>:QZ;7=K6JOOP@54T:`ZW"0(V0-=GC MU!T%FI;=HCL*:$[0'04T(^B.`L?S.EM627X0KTOCH'4X*(F:^MC@C@)?9N64 MT8CJV A\!T8#`O^*4>&A^$2G-0;'KH1BV K#X>[% MZH/C58P?L$Y^NW"M[45L>ZAK'#Q6P7BQ+*H 2M9J!'*8RM75S-)RHU MW_+9H[/88PW_](ALCEM#Y.>A1XYK7G0Q]0%O=E5N]2\O/ '3C MO6^-^%8L0N%(G77?!$EXV3?&0UUZI!F!2A!;EH7?,E=0EQXUE/>ML6&.VNH/ M:&UX"(X8&".[K1S1>@^QW*5`=2AX9A%S`R6B9W3[3:I,UBKRR`S1-:SA$ZK7 M:[(^U-5Y36#XWD#K/\T.Y3W$P:"E#%'G(38]-;95Q3BZ'.G1@Y!'.&-^7B:X M0 @:S$J;*8^-K@6X]QG`A:>\!AO M!*2['2F%B^Y/#`6@Y#^"ZBBP\W=-+85!/[X)Y@ON+YD3^)$$+,,CW/,8O^;2 MH\*&11!)O*Z1 A "3I7DM8Y,+C/KX.6,;[0*ZDB#KLC(I+:G/2Z;K*[*+*,:PK9C O*[P"LJ9]P'U1BKDI8HF40Q]V,)J%L2_NIJ5VZ"Q,.:E8PXKEJ! M'["4C'B/)MZ_R`&Q-'EV->9#[KR\J\9EFQ*7S14T1V#ZC'KI_:+(5E\`R9^% M)\748%]]=87I'+GBW(^2D-#Y6?`DG@6A_`\A6J'^CV#"W@`U"/5G#K$EL0$B M'TN3@(#2!W'R^$V'7?@B*TV:\S^#D,XA`Q_F24N69,0\8+3(4P/*B)X-A?3Q M;AI!$*4#9&WXUW?KX?DX#'AZ12K*\A_ EBUB]ES8?/R"GH!U1"4804!WF/E$Y9")][F!9+?R4^8O;*1^FMWJM+>@"K MTU`IB/R^HB`E#Z)NP153`N?`*$(NB`*@[&9TZ2L\` #_Q3)P$= M`F^4LG,S&J!>PK"34QT NIE)9P:,,R@X!W3GE!6C&*GBF_+K(`3]O602$._$98;]6Y26%*)M MR>ZO[3`D$[^Z"M'JP))!YUX5&"A>52M1\!?KV;P2)%.4S(''Z+?BWEM6S37? ME`C]U`H+1^-&W8+;^MV/UZDX\EOEL*YAH]X2>91(V#1&C4K7>G*';N `T\ M$NC">CRUA.254S2!1=XQ_RY\YB9A=I]Y9NP@>)"!^[QDHX%'-+;1'3VEJT:: MOEND#R@::*)KC,135D,-,M%=PWY*529/R5@OP#Z'J9E^9L=Z#;33EF&U]HZX M1S RPZ;I>3*BD(ZUU7F=B)/0C]217 ;L>DL@/+S'Q`^`PU?GXY,E8>O\\R61&3_CX6=$9R-Y)D:G(/&7_`EK/![" M"V&07,WPJ2%[J4@5BK0[Z.K)=K?3ST^VTS/XVP\\?X:QYAPH&B63/P4>5P8; MH"\`G"1TJBE#PDP24[Z`)^ L7YXM4Y694O_,=;&3E>$"6A^`)K?>T%SO??_ON_&/O[VI,B M^L0EMA_PD3$_B^D_3MXFBFC?+/@/"LRW+\$WR_[657^=`/12/?D5/ECV"7.% M`YCQ@/U.NR>_] N` H/S^`_M"B->*0?9+J%%ON(%0U5D?#MJNA!L.NEW[44#;F9"6.1CUNO>" MC?;5P,VC?\_],\=!7PZHOZ2TF'W2=FA9UBJ,MT^_3VAW)?>I98W&1P-W=Q;H MCL>C-19X,+SHL+\ON=[[Y(=3:V2OR?J=(.P9Z%W9PNI:@RW8XJ!`[\P @P/^AB\@ MYO(^BOWZD:=CJ[L;MQ2`'&0!.[L?@W77_(CP[\P]IWVSQEW>TPH^A6(!X4GJ MVN[7\'1[=XIK=?H]`KNS:AFL>_V/!.O.#-'M]X9WV9S;@56;RH L/^02#9/:`8#^Q5GW$+4/:^=;.1-G4;%%O"L"M5NJ/AOF'8W1S# M0ZOA\R8@-L419]&WB^DN"^^-S/ZX.NO&`&&[2;>)5L;6V.SN/.F9[U+WTEG@ MN2*,?O\KP2+=!RU_,!P/N[U-D-1.N#?PMD#4>&2;@^%^P'N3;I\_"%^V/>QU M!YL`2J=X``C;F)G1J#\ '\K9C$^=[T3K+[&^Y]IUO?K%I75CW .G],3UU,##) M3P6V2;T@(`\-&=+W%%3EG"&%V=U@WB\_8+"A(O$@:\(/$C] +*86V$N0,OX)>.611/YU6KBU#ZCEQ4 MLA%&G;[Y$XL4AGS"D)N(?)92I7>?DAJ&["5.>:+>(Y2>_*S.VK&YPR(,'"' PN +\OET:KX-A8E%$L*+$?&[0S-28;OX"["%?`D^XD_9FX5(++RD M2+_)Z-IAGZC"`-[:*!&VD27;X"Z@:F6`#0D\E:,CE!,3X(6T@,&JQ,XY-DAP MA9@#$G"6;C\'K1Z91&IX8ZX0H)8(;UBFDJQMUW4&!A-'0`;:"--&,!9W8J5; M2^E;P-\:=B/]FH$Z_BY.:8X3O(EW+I,YML;`"?D4VT%LAF[W)6]83K0`UXH( M36N)*+T`)84TGF7V.C:0E+AN!^JT)T_ERXI.3_/O#%2AJ"](%Z/N5%TK0(X5 MWX&PEK.1@M5&"J4&0KCS$:OV/@DF>(!*G1,9)H)2WCR1YN:Y8"R$ZXLH8B_3 MB;$W3D&B>+D0I&!!*\+ &\>.OG7[')R"*(E/I)C4828] #$V65GO`W!7$D51@:PF&'.])@3T^Z#,,0?V20FR6A*H*FWY@,@[] M2IG'JGN(([`G1IH#^5(MDU!?$H( N1996 O&=Z9J93K@A\TZ-=8#)J`T2$@L> MH4TD4/4 E])9:_)3+D%I`B8H5ROPU[,-3===L MNU]V->](B+TGMD9'B1K>J,Y$9^`]JWY);8\ `;/GE++H%! Q]P/TKS2,D5 M7YUG@HW-"DO/5UOS*+^/?A"2]`AG>!./ O=O%5=-W9A1,']2B' MI8;!C8K7 :2\BC`S6E/3/2*-2KZO7=]Y- \!T.RZ]6]WA\->[T#0['X(,.Z.NN,=H/DHXC PD^?^.V!6 M"GK/L!?8(5*[AH-!MWJ2M3TH!UG"S@?PH]Z@9S5H!;L?P2/TO8,2X9P K M,!9S[0F,[K'@V#FQU>J/_G][W_KDMHWL^_U4G?^!=]:I.%4 \]??[@9(@A2IQXRD(6>PCV0DD4`#^*%? M:'1O\]^3T[%_/LY$R/%A, L3APYO(_\3O3=/'CTNA=[OAYR)S>=IR3U+% MHASIYS1[&XLB0X,\1Y\I038=5'RN[@AKXJ86>IL^`7R\H(CN>#:!*^]8ZB5! M>=3]0YX&=+HU:$\T".!E&'S5-6`-(Q%-(IR)5]^)8Q 0W^1I M5GGMK+G.TP4@.!8,T%+4^1!'B6\V21!*A[YC>GXVTOZ%[DW+J'XJ_*Y8-@.F M>L&2M'&*H;4?#P5XGLEC,]`3*][G2Y6RY!;/M=,L87C1_D;[\D\M76%6=Z1X M#8H\J^>G^#:M40#PUJA2`]V$OW,S;P4\F,Y+849:&A-=R?$J)6G -7PFV*G!Z:(YX+KS6I`]Y?G0B^^^>[%-H(X6\\ M0_A/'GB_\WH1O.,52(!!G90U,F#$G"$5QR/972S5E4G9# M9T&N=OD,I@DICN1`?D?&]:(*(D'H57BH8(:%9LB%'^ ^2,O DBUA9&(05.-UXHPC)\*:M2VRSI9;&]-F(J.1_Y MQ:%]*F -NOA4!:,4= M P6U!J9Z2M&B$TO`J`$$0-I>V"::+@:6P)?KP%B1GGJ0C"W`)+7? 1BF M&@"%``189MB[%.JNS0U@#O T&]!VQJ^,TK6*CB^"T?)WS"">^/Y&+)&P%C$2*LA7I M[]I4B4-2?.+\BKLL)> :F;?R2B*XI6'6HY;@: ME-B0APE[&D879Y6JO69@0],XRI!"BDKCETE"#Q>.%Y7M6NOR3@N-#P5&*YY4 M.=6"%>W )#S(\%\K5BM6O(7Y>FPC M=IS")O=`RJ9 \GKO4]']$>+S+B3X5:6Z39 MK3R'E F)W+_91E,UPZ MIEGN!S&W./CUC5AXHCEG3_/-!A319+#>XN9,R]=4^%4:DI9T@DB[C*:NU:5/ M%DWI=?]VO_L>=):M]0QD"U0L;A&^OPR^,O]ZR5B9JUF^X[J%!"Y"M[XFQ9]N MY=QK(@6NE"27V\FR+36DE25A04*\G-AB_#AM,+F_1_%=Q,LHE\F$"Y6AO)GF M5GI&%F0A*TW$QM?0WC)(4-4I2][3[:JR\SHD1'KYXE5IUO=>=":MUY-S250+ M5**!K&]97VM0LU4I.MK*2-_5-,_@3:8][V1$ZT%C21OX$2.IM8-:@>0:%$_1 M%0&J#G[UIKH)QZWU;49'+5T5H\"3,K)/RCLN>-Y2GO*X5;C??K53]N3)S*$0 MD&GKF'"FD5`7N [861<>II_+#A8&X(:Q.@U_H;G1Y3R`#/F(P/CUUGJ M`#ML0UT5N6.+>_I7)>`+OY>?LZY] %,C[6VM,'G* MZFZ[W;NF=0!(G*"LW4UUZJ5MKBQLGG4@U,]E?95QM>Y9-[O$\1;/',!31'(& MV?A EO8$-T$D-/W`CYRWFT:`6Z\Q%.@1`%:-N]1.AQ 4)+I4] @792GA1];W/IZ*->`Z?9 :.F6*!?+AV \`[ANCQ)`#HOR`]#-E,C/E1 +=%QDP*KHP7K*%$W7)C`Y@ M84(8/)DI3@Q]])S?NC?\W!7T"1(M5VF^OHZ7UT#$-:\!=$4'ZZ$(5:L+FR"1 MFI//>3EMY3?+\A@[@CT,L&`%43S$U/5^O_9 16O%N[G!AEB:Z1=&U,Z\LTS@*T0DQLWP\!!>&V30.M)$&XK M+ /Z# MY+ )3% M*.%[G)OD,ORWM=QGH"9^$?HR_9`BB]XQM6*N6-U8$'%#KH;'3@'J8IAUC!L( MM' 6U,D(YJ% M0.L&&HXR4H`2$`:13\:K>`\;X[D?BUGT>!6`7=Z,COPWU0EB]S;>%)=I>+HG M^(#4=`^)N$/+N"13E.+H\BQ/MA$L;_&.&J MRN%F\O++6ZB,`)#"ID!>A_+P[@+X+$X_*F+:L>@V:LIF4CR:+T*H*(I+^/2+ MM*9D%7#D$AUD#E!4P1+#\`.\@L'6Y`&(%WS%?BUWYPZ^0;GSZNIXF7B)17XA MM;NFISI>6HF3\2HW)R_%6DPP:4["J.,B0`>2`7_Q?>T1C`_FBJ'\-6E.:^3I MGILVDQ!5YY)E*W?HVPJRDBHIH2#8K&DL4%2,$+T2B_S^&F].(*(0T[)=6C-6 M,C$CO!9GT?F@SKH_%=G^D`=@J-MF^#G.:F-BY9A(-7"3).`16Z07D*DAQV#Y M*/:\0,20OY,^ "2#HX?,40,PUT23'S*78?!LL;$?V+$E!9Y$**)+@X% M)'G"E9X*^)OV2;TK7,?U?(F8^*TFE#!TD* 4^F21(*RMY/SU8][KB*E$1RHD3PU4MR4>#P>%>Y:RH[O:):ME2NZ07'48! M!M-BLG =#C&DFT=%X)PH?RZ,KH'=47LK"8[/\3*[P_WYEM(W#IK7\2&4 M'@?)2A"RE)B1#P@*8\[74K)5Z?RYF`?@@#>)NRXX`&U\L/H9CUTM15\]J#/! MD/6(P-R0S".M0570GKE3IHK 2BG0@8T4X6?ZEBHA35MQX8^!U8R*`_-641S&-^3&7`(K#`3W1!8I5)_Z M@6E1BEX,9TBN-'F7E,O!DYPVC[_:I28_O-A1G*)%NZQ\VD67VSJEY*:N2G@L MXOCWBH=ZW;2+,WCI/N7>!-`TAIT)5Q_&Y4X8]_X$]WRY:?Z+=%@Z:.;YN=53 M5U1I$>(>M`^*UJB"VRI.!&RI]:H_9R*H !H0-%X)+"^)#N&Y9> M9OY&*7B+`T(R[=VO3`Z?B,.0JT_D`/3R%":N.'+%ZS294*UN + M,!%G846IX-(3(VXQI4T7M90``3A?N'TT0U31'6FN6O![TL6\$O\,EEFCS=:7 MN+]H4`I'F >*/R3VEEO,_:Q?NM M B^+/I7[@N@2\=!+E&!90C[IXI:P3&4E9@6]/J_; M)'0HJ8B%/-?%T7D ,)!)"41C4% MTQJ-B]3LNO;*G-:J*\"LO3(GL]&T_`HT!IY'!F5J(5QGS2/G`>UOGBY.^T+\ M=]!;7#X_Y5())1)>]]YV_V-6'JP'1%($GL`M"LH?(QNT=!&*2Z?M"20JMR0W M0.4HW7OAG)2D4'7[?%LTHT,"K!PR;5GD>L49)9[1WA-]"6 23.BDM'"MWV:.U@KR$0)X^Q`YX\(J)P8)?K M7)VCUZ84U 6=:K=7P?I[X;$ M/*3J)EWXJ!@'?E]6F/S,&-5AT68'1\@2JI9YDO';\WA"[PKK[,:E4,T&Y@:D M,5#]9C#IJB/@8:L-,=XV1Q&#OF:79WY`X5\5M22OHLY#9 CKJ'K]@^ M(`JCHN!7Z4?RRO,"?GU J-$53Q^5(@Z*T8.T$5TG@,0=?'2^([7ZUADQ"`ZL+`J M=U?AP#@C+(M;\MM G>K M/#1#'@.,CG-4$:Z-_@$>$>O57;Q8C(M'B8LSY7+)9: R&'K .U5A =( M)%/NMB()$:^9B^XNEG@!OU;$R8XW5:QST0V_@A.6874\/4-!GV_Y%MMZ$ M\3UCHL5*4\%LQ-7TUK6!TB7Q17"D/"N#\KO6S$65`4W,]/L',8^NW5WC'=8A MS(.G'#N^$,# W3=IJLL@'C!F?'"`7R\'5GY^5CDZ@%=KYSJ^Y?5-?\S MZ5BI!CTU+KK-'\TV;!U2>N&!S1_>4;WR1;$__F#0?U"F:B3>@>LW5\"+$?L1 MUKEH0_>C98I9EYO_LZ>BYRYY>=K)[6A>X>5`O%B7@`NZ&Y\ 5X&0WUBL?HZB"IBL81("C9!JE??\;/RZO-&EKNDI% 7RJ@5)6.:JU9JHV='7)EN7]@16PP+K`;XYO1U=>`DK M:^C[#O.G3_@]5($_QW-J@$,8X&%L_ XF[] 3 .\V'#TB5)S%3;:2`*S>.Z8`\5&F[XK]]Z,Z7J\$M)% MW,XC&HH@.>!\I@4BEVEW?\=J+M1 '\BJ81V%#!?,H;+ST8)X^B]/W]=0U &QF"Y1IL!V_ @H0)S%KS::SQ0@%"`D0-C60`$Q1+5T M8#=ZU&RHV3A`.>5_8KV55CWTZ M_T`U$[&6$8M2/GU$]E`+;\E%2&\2%^NOU6&9Q1H66"VB6WAY.0UPEJW">RR5 M&C1*SF*I0ZH4S\L14J.T_&6P3*HM ,M2JK@51]?_R8$34!G(6N\C[0T6 M6N45K*EXU7K-?"Q-3R]3#7AZX9K7;/7D=2EJIP=%?U*16%'FBA.'%>ATBN&) M8@V;1>3R*LE42I&7K]S$:78M>A7TX?=+%F!92R"UK+,Z/66=U:[A=>X=_KT? MW.*'/_\Q3Z]O7'?S_ :W)5WPX4WD?^(;DCY^7/Y8$/JYI/-=D'IA MC-5QOP`^?PB!I+_^]W]IVI_+UG$$;ZB\]%M>#0P'CV#^A2W_ WC\C?3 M^LTV?\/Z'5=:'@7\IU_A#].ZTGSFP;R'@-%K^^JOEC,U3!`7$OU;/3R"`BR0 ML(>"\=2>3!]*P /H.&`RS+$Q?Q@=M0J=O&;AFZ(X MY8]Q\MD-V>>R,N4;_]]Y2@7-?V;9Q^47]^LG$AD?L&0=[(!WC/^[-IAW.2]I M_YOY&\WJ[+ TO9J3H_=[_GY*7`76%\=6CF97' M@BN+HY@M+UN_8(CN)`FB.S1:%HZ6;1Q-SP.181NMJ'4W,J>!C.Y.I MM9N@@U?K5`"RQUQ9?2A-\&.\8 M$S9=J^/)^U8Y @Z!"F:5EFBV`Z@*)/ M[CT9UB"G?F'%5:&/R[?DP2-/TVG1/Y_/C?I2[J?@I!0?NREL:VS;DR>D^.C- M8IF&-9F?A.(O\1N//$_=^LQ)X6%-G'D'Z0>0 YV^:T#,;81W>S^U-2>S16]@'EC,0>#8J)T 3N;UG`UYT`,>KFO;,GIYF``E;,E"Y?!*PG]SD8T('&?X_W3!G M8/53SJ*C5%%;IO;#SS]>_=48&88IT7I0GR>F Q0E(.6""3D3*QRH!T5FG1NKG M5$0]?I(.)(HVYR-L9V :G/R;Q^EU`Q^UXO/YQ^4.> M!A$#!2 UGX)NBG]"Q,/H8` KC-[(S M[>: UT;Y4=5)R>]*,19)I.MY9R2=(?`)NY M.3\)Z>W>%RR,\+BC?MMT)EL\IK.SDY!UT+SQW?8@LOY?[B892\+[,ICV0Q7= M6\;0'K7.?\6X7A'6JQ6!Y'3/H7'=PHO#T-VD['NM^.M/5QK_[2]7,&Z/@>S9 MN!Y8G>7GC>O[Q>>[P,]6?[DR#>.;JP-N^Q;/C[\I+X;AC=ZS!..;YFA7C'W' MS1BB\MRD?2YBWLNEU\JUU]ZYF:N]_C5R 86@?I.F=D.!`^N!J"DFV\-;'DD7B,0;CH#9(1??BG?L[E=.];WJ^D)=M]R #8WSU(W\]+L^KOEYTXB>.@]3.;%HQ.Z:SEXF83I(1ZX0:A^5PN-X+;@W MJ_HESL"L3=@MB_*7E@FV/_ER)O.)/K>&FC)'8>(LF)C8NF6J,E(*$Q(FS+D^ M4YA0F)`H& 4UF+0:G%?TOB%#,AQ UGJ4P\38EO&1# /, MX)CITXFJO:C`T0J.L3Z;#56**G" )Z!L!$J= M>FK38JH; `-A+. 386,=OU)*=0*&>T\0R%#(:,5&9.AGH&T:%22_K1B.%5_N9IU^[*J1ZI+ M->-^/[Y[S+WSY&,S"_P#4[,0[8MR%/W7(94G6`WP!0^PA= *SXAL)&6WX. M2[>=H6*C1;D:ABJE+@F^J&-I- G7O7UCH@D[U"=Z\_Y*X M4>IZ^'3Z+DB],$[SA*D2WP^]EV@:O2WQ+99=HW77I(4_6SEO+-6MU2R&\3>M MN^"4X_T0:6\V21!JEF%,=7@E6X;!5XU*+L+H@RB+-5 KP(.O(HVM-V%\SYBV :9_R),WQ2>@V6P5IU6-%6\(\!#^V[:U@=I@6+[57 MUFBBP>!#7"&LZLB\512'\ K% *I?8M#Y3%9;00PL\D:N"?2B:/C;5:8$%-#A.&[ MRSA/X.O_ )6)/;FA/XKHF#/C` M_Q(6-@F[SMROVHT+K^-:F*-9,;\CK ; MO(^P.LD[MMA-VJQ&VFPO:3/+[B2L[/&Q1!T[7Z8YF9V=JBT!OY>JZ=0YGJJ4 M8:GB-Y'_KF)I[SE'.^U"SF?3YE+NZ/M49!Z_M./)V+HXG \8L.\&?WF3_O9Q>=0LSF F[8P=QVP0QCMZ0/='X]^9&I;3G)>'=G\TK"W3L1QK M 6UOJ?:%WBC77 *>CK2WL/:!(CC\CMH_YXV1Q(L\HQI^0859,?X!M\&M2$` MXR$"LR:$7D,T;K)5$N MBGVN?67(+]N%(J\]!!AN^&DE%,/;+K3ZF M^;#O$T:&"Z==^R%V$Q\_O`O`S@,28`I@\^-LX4;7R7H@U9^;;%G5Y[ -$&*`A`,M^/CC,?CN9U7:SR;V`U M`3X8^[@`&!`'5`SRP6S(Z2V#+- %X K"?Z*H!I03LINI^\,,>-5+%E8K]$F*X! MTT@9.J*"%*F(X1'!-"L&N$B8"Z."[], F*Q#+,32WNE=*?);DTN6Q>LG'?R).(: MXTQ#KQIZYM;HIM-I1N'W%&/@0=B#(/=8`Y/8VLJ]9>2S)/BZZ)Y*,SZCUP4T MT.%7P*'P`9`'#1EK1N)H)]2;8)4&1*A#$>X7`I4(+WH3"D>\A' !NPC"@$9([>)T('P)4X#4 MM)3[H+.0SI'B!*= ". M4PSX!MU0!HJ?,^ZR)EV-PPZ:C%QJ:(O3R!-.K!!^!6/Q/]#*$IBN0%F0@$DN MM@9Z>./PEN\J8E,$?R^O$3+2?HZ+ 7Q5$> M(4A&O AV+@CCY";;2%\#NS[!JZ>/ 0@1>%_K!39F/@&)1RM?CI'X9RW+&=:I:.WTT84=[;"S'G%V` ML.-].=/YW'D88>F'-,7]N0/-4ZM)@-S_AY]_O/JK,YZ;UMR SF6.-I[-3=CL_H%M[#/B 'Y0MQGPL%4 4X*QOMGP;"FIG%.&K90L$6#,SEG M_Y/]O&8RMIPSDK!?/MCCJ3DYYRS,]F-Q-CYG__N1:-NSR71Z3AH.0.(Y^ S`.B=+..0( )Z5AGY`DM>MI%H6@:!TCH[?/V MXVE`TT_%R3[^?&#:VY,+> -0^+ZK5V!_74& N54W[^LKB5VL8,K/_#6T:'\].R7FNKBK-@??^#>5;SO@L'2@0^;NKD"9 /_,#?16(0Q^.^8Q]8+EE3#M$W]` 'A%J>[N7971Q.+ EE3M3P[;F3%RAIJ$ M32'B'(@8CT?&4"OY*42 &>CJQG)#3[+")_P=N\:' FY8P,Y #/2Z09#+_ M\Z`@V:>YP_YKE9TT3Q)&[=5#1BGW$69-B.(\\IBOQ9'V]SQBU3R8IBZ2_,C) M#C`);)ZMXH3R?&:QW"1/??3*-JJLJR*A@1>OU_")$U$D0*( K MSU-6WK((\[O6?W-#2N.$^8WDU*OQ!AK.\&X`9FVHDI@`?'YG6949X%%90!Z3 MV7M_?/&EH?]Y>SU%JJP"PAB\4 [=B/)5!)B66#BC/5A8RGT`$+]WA/Z)8 MRR/Q@X@$D0*Q,956-X!'6@MU'#-9@.E#**Z$\H$A94F\KN\ J9(2X+Y8U#UQL3)[B;`N`I\@_;95P_SX6"JLZJ%D?9AN>OE,N$#^[IR\Q1H MTKL;P_FJDYZ(A)`:$QDA1R*-&*5,IGV$S(FXB.OQ]":4[HS/$ MVIDR+HL4&/SA,BL9?G6_)QZVX"6F98[FM9S/>^C7BHS'0/#6R@\JQ *^+ MW!_`N=(LR45"MQ+_HF7::)?;!SKLZ"P(=[V/Z"AW09%A)>K$^8.@,'N2^S2? M$K9DM`WYS1JB=LC7:.2T3)*J`EO>,.C_! 1N$:'JTOID3C'AT\U5@3?`D= EO.33^4]O3++[%!1`6+S1[9(BA(5 M5EU2NGZ\(>4`OL-?M9T3\?KJ_>=/GZZ^TT7F0[SKE]RR6OT*4S ;B6G)@C_1`JRV@1J M$[RH3 6B3YL*G6?J?*XIXIMU@XY+!+-1M)!N= MJ+-)J39@II[RG`&U`Q:(I,\M2D*\7/(Z%F!T!K&O"8\73%SML8IP>DS8'PP= M8M!Y&-^Q!$?(9^(?[KUT($3E'AR]V9-P=&1WL.CWU^A4U&`2LE6JEZF(&YV* M-]+@JWA2>-C!K&"Z)G*FUT=3>H*I?7CSFM[ AIS%W`Y4!SA MULIFF"A[$[H>.7G%\6-X+ZHYILS+J=]R[;G=*7*L5]NYZ)1OYJQ"Q]%3@N U_@"/VL34V9.I*(M-TF M_19S5=\R-ET5IT16OIT-M&GEMGN M.1'9X$L'2M7_7O=->13I(B.";86N1J*ZW)6PT3A!!0,JCW)BQO/:8\E5+R,T M"5)J+:C#Y!*GC5/%](!CQ49%)$GH5R>^FTT2?Z7B`;""8T M,;Z="[> MA?8,9U;"!Q9+OH5`6'PUF8W&)L9$3$;.1! KHNK$-BB.S!PV WX%(43L1]V3(7Y]$-5`N"#E1!WR`=0W)75PT4?NFT!-]-XD:B2@ZF M^B#-@:ONFZ*8F+3%Z"2X^6841]=5!;7ZV_@"_Z84I@D_OI+;U9O56N#5/,12 M -Q3%(81:.* MB5@6#.E*13[$P>8V)!?- K='SWH3_8J@5,O]:WG3B8KC\U2]%W+G\Y=NXK'PI M?XW%N.3/KX.HFD7,Z9H^(KM BLO[0 IC%*AC3P7J?5 *=7>ZN(R61"S/^8;_PXDXWY5M?3X?ZS/G MI2=I5:"02)KHCCG7G VW2.^]9V26I=,]]B[]5>*S!-#PIJ.YB]=L^VM MG'_V`VQ19,[KVSFU:E,X`I5R\]2,C$CZP\PRK9-,UC-C M3 LS0W# $#T5O(_^P&VJ#9]5F34'8B^L"UU/*8DW.%W(*;6 M6#=-HT>H4'KO1?TWTY&I_# _0!;E)QA^6_4K8B^\#'=5#D-%"!JNDV_ M$*'TFHOR`VODS'NT^DJO>4D#;-%K^JS%J!L0_6!:KZ>]"JY0$DOY[?HBRQ14 M%%2&KA4\^P&VJ#WJ!D0_XO_5#/1IL_?S.L$`26[C.,^R+D2++T,99Q=5NBQ] M,C=URWGI& &!+S^6CRTG7 G&M%]1A`H,3P$&:SR:OG2-N+?ZP;,?8)L"I`[6 M>W&LK&:@3YN]GZ?4`R2YA>. E(LE'^+UFR+;P" MSFR.G[4,'LBX>KF(;YF6L$W"4B`OY3_%F1MJ\%7F?MUZ_34^X0?+)4M8Y#%M MP;([QGB;;^/UQHWNOTV!M#@-HAL82.S]#DT%\&3,'P*B,RU+7!]_]]U[/.M" M#9947WQ`J+^,OZ9KZSS,@DT8@':\N* Z@:5;N-B,F(6E"XT!#GYGF9A8&$UC#N,UC(M/ M(;1(B]) ?67.1O/J`8#/AGD9S&]X/](ZC)$>;I6W;KJJD+%,XG4! M@&(ZTU-,YW@Z,J79M.:C26,VQ_)TGVHV6R9/:_7!U=G?_N:-IV)KRS@,XSOD M')Q_I?D:>H6'4M@:L%!KEQ8/_Y=G:09SB\\VC>IBR^P[:/_^07-O'#+UUB%S MS\?(?6I_N3)@:E@8IAO7@T&5GS>N[Q>?[P(_6_WE:F9\4\IQ#Y:')5>R8T1R M@X@7K-DW!YO3Q3OFCG=.]?U+ZUO2,EH6J^YC+:!U0$05B!*$#7QA6EL*52M0 MCH0W \@,4E M$NT3ZG9/L5:'&T8GV&[6)>;TYT(;IF^$IUCLE%TSW!\'V8M V=H,(N)O\Y5OH,'&]+'?#:CI^"I:U-U__#VJIWZEU'^2Z'\X> MGTJ`'7RH=HA4.NB,[1Q+P@V*5^9H,I2#LQ,-N8=^0=NR= GIDO.H1(-I8]B``L=L S615(2]K)7%.83W9HK":O`T4*2,^I5.4*%C-X@PS)'TZ%"XWE:M2!. MQWNM6FO:>O=(R=P+6[53?393R205.-0=,(6,PV7N9#0?*M-X%E;M=&2-]TE8 MVQC-6\X(E82]L(2=Z7;;.@QBLRAPG-FJ52 *A,XWE:M;9Y0'S4 MV!@Y*C[JJ3 5JTS'TWWW_JQQZ.Y M.JQ]ZMUC&Z9NJFL_"AQM),U'8W58JY#1A@QG-!MJ=/K0S%I@SR/'V2=/+0/T M('4T^]0;8S;3+7.H.T-AX\SB=+!7)14RSGNC9VJ-)L_)B)5[QW;[5M3I.98N M/O95527HI%6">E>P_?FR2U5XY@0=#:' X MG*>H72"J^_%R*$7Y@9O$C?#;!5O&"=/^GD>LPHW-*TF,- ^T;)8 MRU8)8]H:R%FE 7&979DHU+!\3N*'+$WK5$(O;I:G M(^U#A"_].X\\&LI=D*V@W2`5!5]TN9R+^,[7@BS5UBQ;Q3ZVZKFAEX &8PV M]U98QP,;:1D?'T,'I2MXCTH#N1M>7FB3Q%7A%4)O8Y V,HG2!3O&E *T]5'UO+%NU2C4X[W1W-*P3UJ=9`61GZ*2&A MEJ=[>8RY6IX^+\_LR9>GA:$.*WSP77`;0&>^=A^PT._09I\4CR_*KVY\ 7X+T]^LE'L\& MZ)M@::8E;L:4L._Y5K)&SF3?9K)'SG18VTF!ZJE!M9=#`Z@L!:KAC_YBH`+` MS/:!:CPRAB_X^RSF/^ [Y_S-%T7Z)Y>V2I*WX* M7`\#E[T'7)8J:ZW`]5!P[;LF#N`::JX/20/@?QX6J6X]14AW+3@V6.:)!S9^ M2B&X]0#/(,)P[;NX"FV]2>)\$T0WJ?8:-` ]N(H#7R6I%K*;ED">@A7/[!+S6 .RXB2" M`ITQ'IJYWHJ3I6.T;IC[Q7NK((4F`P]:%\/:(H9'.F-;*=%UBWW!ZQN6!+%? MQO@V@FDI@!J_I_!KAL%M6FM,FX913/5H:HJG=;6T4P/3H(\;I(%"GZV1. ]FJ 9L"9_[]YT^?\$I#P3Y]$:^_?=^@N'$!O!(?D*X?//BB@""J3LV+N1$PL8^_ M$;#CE5-]_[*Z/LPGHR)2U8V`QWGU%(+4C0"U/.I&0.^71]T(4# V-ZU?04=!IC>#?&W3 6_WEO&F-D]?7BG>*G3PT- 86?9^^!CCB:S MH /YQZ4748EJ%E5;. MY"J\W-5@.!%EI);"O:4GM[(T>_%Z#2_R',T8=1JL>0KEQDN)ZQ 77"EB%/!(T-PHK]SC*,M_ #]U&`/,8VJ3=38/@_G7T&2"$BY,G]]K_LB2^]N)\`[]0[ZE(W$ZW%](` MQN0F/+\^V\X)7[_)0%'GAX\(@W (, X;\E"7Q(*; VL1I=EU \^%9WLL=0Y''_&L7K]/ "R@3T!]$DX!=O0P`K7V=V)+18D6` MO:1:8`1/D500V38G=89W9SHI'0X3VA.0WUEO`4$ -2.6Y3R2( JB>]#P+ON>#`GKWTXM@*!9A1W!DH"@Y3A'HC`K\P;Q6! MQ+ZY)\^>SVY9&&]0(KXL0=C#DV73T,W9?*#;8/C,L(>(&.OCB:T`H0!1*DOZ M;#Y4=6GPUN,_*(`BB&Z4I'SR;6",%5]4@)" !;;NF,JB5(@H29KH\[D"A`)$29*C&Y8U M4$"T691R[R)44(Z];%_>0P+8=A*W,Y*`@AH/""-H0 FJ9M.GRKPM:0S4>SO?.L_ MT0USJI;_I2[_6)_,^A1`V[G\;1:D 6FD0)3X\P-NV^NNTN>=^2E M^FCZ$ZIM.OK,[I/@>5F&>'^`,-6=%U\`7.&` NN_F>CGA7 ^T#Y;I[1[G$/K$DB/W/E(WLO &]G BL`SH>@.;4&INFT= CC[ M5ZCGXSF6Z5GSB3& 8==>68SBVT?25G'$8A-"3*C'7\_ELUJ*8'4;*1 N;6MLVRT&68\& #>*`#3&;V2"N>SV(0S9% MOT=P"&.RS+E](EE=E*:B!KA6] OT M, ,HYV4 :/' WM/ M4XXM@FZ,Q4IV0NZO/]D8,-BR!`EC=_8I"73+_>EK=4OMMG/[ZWII:R^(,DR 3@681TULBQ]5,B@P7 M6=HK=A=:AQ+&YI@B+1#J. X/Q(?GWP3"5*WWW32>\''%NM$I);Y8J95W7JC GJKU2H%WW)1AF]8H#\@ MIN$&I$CMTH02_E_%K5C1_ZBH5XI5_6K-K`*?`TV[I +#)Z\>3&1DYA&$:MNG9` G3;_V>K/I)A)P^VUB'@QO^S&( MT$,.0B"AX1BQ3 FFU0 '%B-!*0OG"Y,F^H'F,7YRL_($-NZ"](OR\ 3"@!"%BL78C&>//U/OO-4 MPY.(.\!/U*!O0^0F$R&1S>?D2XP.)[R:_V4S (CBE:&=CJK5=\$X72UTN: M0CZY4K$\)*P&A#"5'422(`""DK @SF71ZZHP1?.%A^X M%L:4\'.O^S;FYQB7[V;\G F@F*(>LI3748H\#+Y$UL,Y702[@P%QGF>(+KOH25"_DHL#($QL M/+S3Q02](,>3!$.1,`"N1*;#.5%,D N_'G/#`OIH/C/6 MXE/8QU\)@'= I'LT)S3 4&; MG8-H)GZJ!9E&@42_B`:`GSH5 )\.Z$:.'MO\Z4@P1_.3P(;:V$,_$=POB) M.[1 F2HL(Q9P1\840BTWY3G[J/3&3XL#@5%H$&IF2E.A4 XYMVT]U8;O_T;0+I?(YU4)SX136=BDOM%VZ+=O+04C5"68# MBE Y>;6N)' +V8JP MH.8ZFD>>'A#1J*`(@$D%%-+;"/E) ]Y=A+7"(72$.X&))A][G+-[(Z?^GN>E.X' M5D^Y'SB=C3K__#H:='N3Z=^UWK^^]6?_T=K#+M=Y'$]Z7WO#:?^WGM8?\K][ MF=TR3)@,22]3JD9F"_,]MSZSJ Y$+AGTOUU5=+U>JUXU6LP[+B7[RU)QYN,XL641>EZ>4#6JG9(-. M>_I5>QB,_IU==TCRJ[I.6ERG#9%E,O!-'%/R@CES]V_?&.+V[4ZI;=/%+VG/ MAI\R0+81X`Q.C_**,E`X20?:9N!T?\UN;R"X2=8VN?MM2SI3ESO TLF;W4]=S#`;G`N9&E3 M>WY*TH?('K!C.&:07IC8$5)5(-.="BPDM9'_93]=&!0%_V+"/ZCS4WI:"! =PY?[2]N[9"H`>97 M#FY+L+@REI_U&T 6)Z(Y>EWL*33'5#\;TS&`6[(!U,7B@(Y>7ZK,=$SO4]$ Y+]6RQ70])^% M=^L'$,IB@NG90'Q'^U;B`)^Q?2L1:#9=)GQC&3CE`Z&19ABFTG"BK)K'M9SB MK+O>$V6`TI:N_*S=+:89"2#1E.9BP>(]:02`U)^%$]"# # 6:Z]QAV$,?#@F>*_=G:?+]_Q#8E@ZL.M2V"ENO-5J/2K#3KP-?V1\V! MO)DN-RXDF+%= #$`3YC'3@1*,PJ0I\QCV/A#A_]5WL*`2-9,5P:+;U6 M;]9;Y7J]W,QG>$AQ=E%X.`$QG$>Z)[OB1GBV2:%?(`N87@$BH%7AO8/*_^F. M@AY@7A70P0G7ZH_JJ&?P=XX)V#7>B1Q> WB8\ZBYX`"50H."(F`'4($' MM(@[\$\L'`I%EO#Y":%\N)%IUBJ-5K75J%?UG-;OSL@! J,&$'68B^FJ6_.%`86#<>W=7[__=O6'87Q]/QT!ESF^ MAZ@$#D=0(A? M@YMQ;#A6X2_Q44N"Z?>%Z@VH%%#1K:VEW'1,\^[NKKY= L[UH[6\O\.A[-G#7RH(&ID)`Z#UZZF20_J]UNF\'9V%1U[\K8]G$T MYV9X4ID*W!%!5R/F0!GP.RH!I%KH7\;.S-"'#*MIM*SZ5K@UE2X`KC@C:(J6 M((BU(^\WJ%L3V-L0K3$XMN9HV:W1)=FJ%JR&U0S]W\RD(J=KIL^H8`2[&F1\ M4$R6,\F =?O,VW"T1E2H"AJJJO141SJ(S]/AGE:*Y)+@ M;5U9F!)N&67>O:D-S9_8L1DF`7(G;QY2 F$K3 MQ9X9V9B!PPD#4GUI\8P:+EI"G\CGA9?@7DZPS(.8OCC6R/N4H09=&![R%H@_ M,\Y]UQ,&N59- @OO T!F,W5Q]B^GL_`Y(/Z->E_^C@9 M#>SI[$]@__UY./\']*X'RF=\,[4_VM>SX1 ?/R\NRR:5EG%XTR8.T6#F702I18%8`J5H_18%H;1Y-_ M(KP$NU-1VE^*9!/*K+_'9!+BKPJ"GNOB,(@;B-TA[ ^MZN!612NJI8146"'F9/8U^PS'CZEM0#I6Y O`I@J3>[[\'P1>20!I2X[>+ ^Z\OI!:O]$V6 UM"+M'8?W>^-Q9J_GDAL"T)P,O;*M4ZNU37>09`E\3^+""4\6D;R.\L+5R MGSXT3G;-9VFL+O\IVD2ANCWJ3I'$/*&TLYCG;:% M3 `L``00E#@``!#D!``#M76USW,:1_GY5]Q_F=%=EJ6HIBI(=1XJ3 MJQ67M%FAR`V7=I)RI5P@,$LBQF(V`)8B_>MOWH#%R[QA%XL>7>5#8I'L;O0# M=/?TS/3T?/>_3ZL$/>(LCTGZQQ MOCZI_G(J'T?2#^CM\ GGQX^PV:?ZH(/U'UE[&5,HG37^_H MTQ!]!6G^QQ 4\ K/[TK: MD^._?;I ?\ER0,"OY1K'HA M+07[Z:@D.V*_.CIY>_3NY/53'KV@[P"A[S*2X!N\1%R!#\7S&O_Q11ZOU@E3 MG/_N( +](E MR5; 9$%85$*XNH+28Y\QY6*C'6:-?4,LK`43?]I@2TICD-"/69=''&) M)?LR(ZM>BDDU2`^F7Y*[I(VH`2?#.=ED(>[S' 2$I6, 'Q!_YG;T-4(@0VAH[+2&"HJ.(-HJ6`R M"D:*..TA+2,EJ?@IPG';,NBOJGAW2Y_4`M?]\[A6H%./??OVWT;[XNH'Z\ :=4B8@I V`6YW$>!LG? +#,0\E#KH#420(T:/.(,W)B),U\U(&K309J)07&TH M-4)`4^EH8346&52@S>4V"]C*ZN)Y=4=4,%M_']\LE`J6IM#XXZB?7_'DSB>7 M-$@0`7YDL7)Q@^]CMMJ1%E?!2I5,J,G&_^0F= JB9B5Z%B))&]DF![,0X3QGL /%A54\%`JVPP=#1*`P*%XOBYL E.P MO6:6_NCCI)$);)!Q@-(: =(,&,:MS@9O97G"1_3LGG M=(&#G*0XNLCS# U,J*A@[(;C VD1`=B)4@.=?53$8C"#7`21@5/D6C=X3;*" MS>V+H%`NFYG)P08NH_JM(4M)"S%8&131#E,R)ZZ8D.`"-Z#YYBZ)P_.$!.T2 M)@T-E*DH%&W:1XT`P"@Z3]=9@B!$G-*74HSKY7F ?GVUN+Z\F$UOSV;HX_1R>G5ZAA8_G)W=+H`-;YKG MN,@M)M8F@C$FM:IULVE2C&X@JL=W:P0XD1=?78Z$3A^_0PMI`QK%NZ;0(@2R M"*46VK6Z@/-\`+:0TR!_F*81^\_9OS;Q8Y!0W?)I @&K6Y03X^@6UD.KKL51)EZ:'+)_X"W[00JLUV7-S.78 64$VU9)^6J@ +T$>?%ZF"C\"/.[LAAOL;"" MA_].25I@=J+B+@NRYRM I@GXX0YC"?61O%&"Y'Z6!%-GPB MP_*1X@&CNR!A!X>IG6- _(Y31%+,$ZG7XQXU[/O"Y5N2](@R#!/'74XS[ZW] M) X@]$7A,$0Q'>RHQ[ZCYQE7U._S^899C'BC/IKFF-S M>FUB@,FK[1#J";6>>O1,VJ9*QXXD;6E'/IA.8P'.A+-%"&@J2I4[)M*@@C$- MA0H=D^"$*&PL;4)/W!U,P@MKL!H"K`VX?'XQO3%__I$F:`-I.^3TY8K:0(\9 M3)W S*ML;]\Q 4X5Y9UX_K6)U\SC*1Y-Q#>SP`SI+C#J M([R)?O0!WZZ,8D8@6'CHPR7]X7S!:8]Q#QP3Q)E$/Z =J6+#_*$8' MR&W&`P'\6&TS'A*C=;/@"S!#:S;Z!6!PV"@XD)WYL+L[PTM,A\CH-G@2,P=3 MNN[*!#/FN$&ICSIFCM'''1=UNOT2)!.BU@`Z\=Q/>\J%!)MTCBVK'XY26PFR M^H>&%GRMS>P-2D+(%3>K]8A%-W;HP(>5E_Z:5P;OF:T+O8P+3+!KA?I%0J#5 M0>-"&_QRX`[JC6QREW%P%R>\^((F6/QH[0-)(IHCLZRI>+;4;KNSPYAM7WAU MPW;E'=WT^RG6W5/>LO/TN"[@*R1$^&.5;F D("G;\$\PNP=I* VI7)N\P8\XW5B2-QTQ M[%*X6G75$GB3$FSI6Z6&?M%84@./`,/H#AS[=P.1"6KO9NG.4TI_9N5NLW$/ M9N%.-86U.3B,4PZO]]B- -^G!)QDLFAJ_, V%FVS#N:&5J!D@C,T'HVIB*&LC$]*HX;."#)PX[ M8F@LY_BVGU]3SIXN>9`26W)AR"38F$6"&^\`BH[=?HNL5K%HH,!:ZI"4-2K% M=+S!.>/0X+1R`;7 Y_8M]?&ON*=?.8]'!3R]2W::)3J8LT#76,PSN1K)E3.U:U12 M0IV/TBK=/!;5(0,X#:710=460:X+Y^)JC/]Y\_K-FQ.T#C+TR/C^@$[>3-Z\ MX?]#N;@W(]@4#R2+?V/G/`LTPR%>W=%\^MW)!+&3Q3QPL2__!SI-*'EB=CU" MQ/]$MM=NF/DACV'U?X'R;A'9!I!?!Q'Y=?)J*$S>'+;ZMY7O 3;W]_,GG_]7O^ MRV_>3;[^FHKZ]MU.GC9!].FL`4'\B)-.G?)XHTN_-^O[N#($&D]&E'^;_$%Z M+P]@(#X,,M,HXO=I!,D\B*.+]%2T0ZG!T[P`%T:@$E1G2(U:5"O7^$6ICBIU M"R*MC'#CQ`"@$.-$ &?@S$D8/#8%#5QU +8)7D],E>C4'_OUZL+^.=9]X+/%C>X"*(4QR=!1G[-GE- MZ1E>QF&LVT5S8809RMPAU4 E>^FS%:0.I3 ML3L.+-#JK'F076?\>O&(!Z@YSA9L3\NIKD#/[$,-EPV:OJQ+QPE F6!'$(^K790G5Y%E\D'B]-!T5M:FP/8PM3JV"VKLPWNH86)O>8>KZ%D M\,>RFA!L5B6HO;"HNBK.UB0*(GRHG^L%0NY&"AZO*AQ4H*ZWI28]7D6#RQ__ M4("Q.4F-Q0M/Z>CC["ZUHB%?*JO[0VHZ3XW3IV7)`X*TKD?"5=[VG"DX SJ=H&NS]'U_.QF>GM!" =+6I,7UTNIDR5Z:6BA$AF# MXLT,1D$(D+IHM5`,@[F\+EQ8"G03$J'[]X1$^8(DT6)SEX=9O%; 2EO@EY"?;Y)EG"1LX#T3UR*T M--92C?O-+ WF# M@A]VYB4SP7+)?B@>,#\V$:3/7^5T%A2OUR5-N*%SHQ7.4(ZSQSC$**3" J-3^ //"G'-"D3Z7F MU2%LWD[_&BFA!4E.I")4,8HQ+E`89!%:8AK0#C*\JQQQ]X\D* J$G>S TY8-:">N/H>3A"&I \_CBIUC8\RROXKB*2HQLUF MZ*)GBQ"PGTNUK6Z+Z#C%]ZQ8\R#(*(R(LU'_HGAF/\V@5QLZDPS7R8@WDSFG M21S\Y,VX!$4Z4S>@.YT&UAK*F+?]C6Q`ZY3`!MU56FG26S(XHV[K8%B+4'=_ M&MF +Y'5LHJ8;9S]TYD>VI+#[DYK,M MCN_V8OV8IG+7[\8-W8BEHP:\8%6O?.=VU2XIS-6J.CWT-L/[^RNC-$S[SH%@ M@(\P9=YU3NU*7,>WH6!DND72_"->DDSV([T-GG#^*4Y)%A?/):1I&C6EB'8_ MGW#Q0.A?'K'H4:I+]$?5`++R?M27W*WF'^7Q0" C>[X8\K85+`' M00W%7\X;`0EV%++,/S[B%.N+>+34D$%$JWS7X3ND0,ZIT4/1YX$\QCE;2*9V MXXTCN6HOC9Z2E]DM>BDY/.DB>X4+ZZI;BP9H*4*E:&/9H4XP_A)#]^D=:V#M MYB\`U]5 XDM8/@VDH;K(63@AN*C4M.G92]7RGQ.+@^01Q M>IA@/8CJFAQCK%#>!X/R50.[Y2Q.-OJE6"VU'Z[94M[DG)(4W#T;>CA9N>3P MPT5W5M\S-S7CT+SRD5WUKSB^?Z!J3"F^X!Y?;=B5KM?+3IL12T+67PR, MA3AM_FJTTG>PGP MUG!-^4\I`TDA2$AA]8;*UJ9PF2D46N!1 !QP;6 M(?3H1/@2?,SZ[>N0H'DW)&(_@U!/Z'ZD\%4'-QI$._ M?.?`"'`9GK-6?;KO+6ZO3__\P_7E[.QF\14Z^\N/%[=_1].K&3J]_C2_.?OA M[&IQ\=,9NKBB/Y_Y8JH"-.MA0U*VV3U]BG6[9A8>8-,T`5&:I(H!SA3UVG0; M894\$R2XT)8-_ &!L14G('6[,3*,;D,.VG3L: J(H;I8F51OMJ]240+TK=*KH6CV)(A1M3_NB /09RPWM?G)%L$"5[@ NQWSM?V8TK\F[$Y&=$_SEYSUB`JZKRNOGC=!J7A'@(>7OGCC M\N/,E.(-EF]'O[JHYP!;E[6!:*W0ZL@AUFK-NJA6;1466+>K:>MJBSE-1*!Z MYNZ++Y;X3`%G]`U4$OXJTL`9=?'T7H01?K4R_]LUOZ@F/WO"61CG^AE7?SE0 M&ZT[`FYNOO84`K`ANY.&W8.R5`2?!5![#6OW=:+-FOX32V[V5R($^FG/8KHS M@$$;!7EET0Z0'4S:(,47F[:JN+]1>S0'-CGVV6J=D& ]A[&M%I`);BY"_74B!:4R%^6KMP>>UKT%=^ M[2C-*XMW!>\ WV>\S28*5F23 M%AW/S;;2H4K]]T>Y9 94R-RCT>B*?AOS;L MK;!;3$5C1)>B/RVK![63%EC:8DH-'VQUI5&I7A9;$'2'T0-.^)7;I84"]00' MQ0CI W M1'.$@;^%.S;RLYU&G.:\9_`-IF\ECPN\P-EC'&*1!=S@D-RG7(IIL>#PCX4Z MPS+.ZVP>@SGL,P%.THP!2'$8IWHLNB6H=38'76S/YFP?CNI/1]7CD7R^G)&@ MF@:02R=`+Y:'TB/QOL+Z^]+ _5H86A:='1H8?LS*%1ID]#CM/IX@=T?GG]UP5\3WH&A[?^CW#T M\?E'ZC@7:779WS0LXD=1GFJY5V\'06#=[7>$W&J!WU,*1)_\G53L&C*5@I;, MXA%[E;5;38-*!'1_Q\8XP5*E-(P3W&AP?TN&,?7#/,J#C&/@UZ9-/P9Z#FPN M,B@(X_2H("@K'\8+C F@UAH1,(-,PS5 M/*BG9MVV!P]8V!/9%"S@\YN`"OK+8"N3+;OEI50ZQ>1B42+DOC[(7%OEE/M" MG3HB&M)Q5B0KXM\"H:Z#PQCI(1S%` :B>&E3+ALH0?I_&OV'N3R')Q8$1YEMYCFF8)X^8^UJ ?H"N24MS1)A0_^G`X W&31F Z%NT@":*%T ,J)3"[7XMY2"^&%O)`MJB M]@_XV%[>P'T>IP&=B;(D.]?[LI$%R&,=8#3\TD`_OO=9E;&;&KXK4%P>GV#Y M)[1A]=K9\VNCSGW?S9-MM%Z[8GVWD,=)KOI!8,1'W:H!/Q(GL>UX&SS)"XKU M^Y:*E4/-Z]E3)E!7ZR%>1*/[]3X"Q^^2O;^VNBUM=@^VE"HV;?0>4 Z7L[E;) ,O97#".3P/"5,A`7@BHI?F0=; +(SX"6>H TZ.[Z+!X8?;*T"8 MW+Y&#N[V'5VT?E(?.F 80ZP'!C$Z'4`2YQEK!J/% FLO+6M@"G61$+R7K*S\RQG;'Z7H! M*Q_V+072/?AAW* O6^3_0GW#.#D_7:HA%=1I;L4GBX"Y. MO"CW[T*=9W@=Q)%T*> ``62LB`[4.(`=ZYI*&JZYL$SN^+`^3UT^'QQ*0T@LS>UF#QP)*5& MKCY4,B/)#3/U.#`HS?1C$&P.K>]V15?!6*N_C0\1(=O@Z'*;/_=Y`QU6C^*" M!I8U-+3X_(@.2J5Z^!+C1S4!'L6(H:'Y&"G :YB1"-@:ZPCV6 M*+4"?/$C&\0^L]LMMP>>959-,PE4KTMZ.JD=%).W+8(T+Z>/`-];`JE\S9W; MXQ9`&KN\ >2'(. YR`SJ0;1YOIF[`U$>@CP),\V@K1F$9KN>&S:(MJYD33 MJVX"_D,;+(?NC4R10L^K)I= &'6`=P MYJ19R>I!OFS0RS%5]N! UO98(/"8Z' MRE4AP9?#_KMBVE*P"D'8L_Z'Q0"8ELYBO@=.)^TTV_DH] >UA_;'/HN^@\&K"&,JMN`EBM5#T5[R*I)2Y MQSS37C12!ZGO2N7,!5LJ8@&CJA+1L(`7B!CU4M:&\'O(>/ /[/IB9FJD7O6Z87U8XU19M0172-+O731J2"K'8[PR M6QEB[M*_^G\_4/7:Y"^F#'+O6CO_RQY58[ Y[00BW]C(H) QV\TX"H$>WXRCU?:+OPBF M[NB7;)6.>GF&(VVO6@,]?,!5`M`%V@8Q:(!5:-*QJX\DR\CG\NIG*E$$5 //>^(O*+L":(P;GX`O$$ID/%4CU!,S%1PST\$F\U4>TQ*#)O),I M52EOVT,\R-R'!>!%FGY)TOM;G*T, R0 M5,52>BZP:BF;2AU#W%+GM@G^R$52AX3B[0[(WLOL_N]X[+?3X?$.A^L6G6IK MPZOMQUVQW3T[81O9^1A"?J@O?V"'8AZ#A$67.:\S:7=CT[RG?B)@''`7F'47 M[,,_NA/V5TYIJG'5 >)0SZ M>4(^7Z1+DJWX"JNE-,"9&\8Y>X*K^Z4CZ^@NV4NOCH'6N=GECV%"\DV&H7?X MJXNZ Z MN2834:%(2F5=_VIRT58P*B6CGTO9_QBW/OW@[R&HO0=B?0_`@;VN^2E) DFJ/$@[H/U1S%'K!Z&MD]#V\>AG]D#$7_B84*2]2`IP(O[LJ+5 M@K6,8OM(M 9K;! MS(D3QK)Z@*H;F`/;Z';FK%.WOX:I-Z,'8?Y0R&[XD5$ MJ/ZN(/Z`?`/&8$& M'`'K-7R6\4Y-"C.ZF=2NCV4JNM%'+KT2'2LQ%[,"VH9M^J2AA; GK?F)LL#J/0X1$/.%I]OPFR("TPSF/Z_TF"PV(3)&6#^XLTPBNQ8 7=3D5C +XB!;95*UB8@!S/"4K#WXP !GJ@ $[W&*LR!ANF_RG% MH5Z-BSCC! W_H) MG:I7\]X952G%D=2-J59;9NZQ)N,L!WIUIB=@]3J-HQ#`%9M>&AK7;J2DAOG6 M=TW\6L?9#[>/OBIK1.=!5CS?9A0/Z]1"TMD&LRYFMZ3^=\OPM)LHJ/:9N\-N M=M;L+P>@Z>:N2BJZ:G%2Q&E131A, $"ET&HS9 ME@V._K*ABN$L>:Y.KO;H9-1/!E#ZNPO01NK;1\#X:6]_[;HIKY2!*B&U,]FS MH`C0RQ_38!/%E.85L-T: 6T!_^#U!+`P04````"`!==5(^ M2B.DD8D:``"+=`$`%0` M3 `L``00E#@``!#D!``#D75ESXSB2?M^(_0] +-+YTXZGG7?SM?__S/W[ZK\O+ M?WQ]O)-FX31=@B"1IA%P$S"3?GC)0KJ.PCB>>Q&0LD*CP'WV020]OTN/WBM( MI$DX3WZX\,_%QR3MD_E)ES7KD^+HNGIY67SBJQO#)N'?LV;43\KZ+]?%Y\+@ MLZ1>*=:5*BN*I'U6E GM^?(_Q1&+["BK%V5!2_RDI_?8F^K]`^M+*M /[W62Z`$OWT@OB MQ`VFFUJHF:9ZBN,X5]E?8='8^QQG]>_"J9MDI+3*)6%+H/^[+(M=HE]=*NJE MIGQZBV 2]%,4^N`1S*5,@,_)^PI\N8B]Y _6T1@_N4BF/MOL`5% M5M2\_E^&A1V4_PZ"V2A(O.3]-IB'T3*3_D)"[?_Z>+L%(P#)W/?>/DW#Y57B MOH5!N'R_0@6OZ-J\.E3T20(M";5_'09QZ'LS9%A?71_Q-5D`D,1=!:=I\01B MCZ&'! PFYW"7J'2?_AXROAVHT7-W[XHW\R*RT?#&/H MQ5,_C-,(/$0O;N#]F5D)U-HD72[=Z!WJU'L)X`@S=6$'-9V&*>RA@I 09QDRMT?3W-K/8I;[9N028?!80+CVNM1Y+LP M>$$J&8+G9']!MUOI43R(>NGE3&7=1&9J O@#7+:AK1Y%S8>: M)_?M$'/::J1'X4:P>/@.P% XUWVYOL$]+! 00P%$M1JKPN6JM+`6P)@QS!;_]9+T-=D679DZ5(J&ZK^Z`8S M*6]5JC:;88`H_'"Z]04?+1W#J(T7])L_2'(/GN,D@F90-N2[S\#/6Z*L=]5) MQ$+AA8+AZ)"O9M/X*HTO7UQWA1:USE40!OG_S8"'UK3.I:P4:]J_P%^M17N" M7]H1O?[GM8154QA$V]*ZT;1L"/Y8LX[M-7=1XFJ5K94NIPO/7W,]C\)E)P46 M4H1-HH YWR@E%!`9#08C&%R$W *-_E0?([B$;QX2/@@N7>738-' __$H0_@@EPXS``L]LX3D&$Y0Q3_@]3TS5%-Q33TAU==V1=%Y+! M+O!*/CG9"\@!_!;Z*=1TE/ N;QG)K@+:N:(9JJ)8A)'\TL$K>.-DR*+J. M?.A]!*LP0D=DZ("[ R`KB23DXV&7/YQ^NQ[TQL_ M='?WSQO+;(#ICJ8KBN8H0M+6!JGD"K?O\-/5[IE,7R WP\'3:"A]'=P-[J]'TN3GT>AITNV0AM("@9^L?[-K@ 2%$>P&L],A9K2@:#@4:0/_04$ JFH:BZ9@E"['[0L.>V$.H :6LESSV"([]CR7$5$].O-#L@#1.`(K MUYN-WE8@B`'9BTD5N.:8!@#VA)B/GC SO2`XB5ZAA2Q4` 2-M);[Y:I-> MG-E%*U&8LGSS@Q%:B/D% : M-1L&`8&E/M8$C!F.4BA_34]XDG'EA>(9!^+(RS_F$]3J57.*3;#&XN(0C '&%Q>$)AX"PY!/=&ZE[7+&[6D(?V[1B%'L=,P$!%*/L;^[# M!.`6GHTE.6&U\P2W$ #TM&;BC_/!;.;E6,:N M-[L-KMV5!V DRS3+ M79@M3QI2&]^% @^1A_N2^X4\R^O[2QJD=VU2%&YI.I9&> M=G7YZ^8>0>)Z`9B-W"B`$_2XHM`AF'M3#S U*LML+PDOO,$1I4QPHUQ@_[&N/3?6Y_XGW.] M05Y Q6F0)@O8#?VY\6ZB#>Q6VB"W91VB5UEE93DZ M]U3(^0L\;0*1Y7WJPG=>H8+8M"U--\WSYIJ`^K2)F??E&9^GCK+6!KNC:;;C MZ`:CS& -G%T1W(I!VMBC?,CLX[QM$FH M]R*1./IB2A>J,6595159TU3E?(;>+I!/F]5Z+WK;!UW^4L.>@M6F=+&X9-@G MW@?!O9Y)M0>BDK/F39[@/]]']T\3Z>%&>AB/'@=/M[``L]V/_/AB+6_+A@>V M-,.CA2PR'A?MMODS2T=J4?+V&4$I,'\;!M=A#+N"0L(62\&4%80%C/3\K>=S M0;^%X2R>A/YLDC['T\C+Y"(2@ZG!DAZB==7)P2`XQL513%:8F]2?>[Z/;*E( M^+2C 5:*[V[T+U"!BB&K7DP8?NJB$R8E/%#R#000G@_M:3!; M>D'V)EOBO0(R0ZVUA"&L%0GG]R&_N5Z`8CL?@J$7KXJ]KX=Y)>47CD**BN*P M2`&F:_#J+B69W)D2KP+PXF;/E_-A`S55T @MT$"H%9;%A2U4BPIH;:T M*CDU!%TO+@HT0*)Y0%U)N$ZUN?3Z1HQMJ:HJHW?L!&2]"[BSW4_=C#@W4*/Y MK?P4ZF)SF/H5S,.HN#KUY+Z!^+L79(*77@,7#-NMY)'WWT&R".%?7D%^G0HW M :`8*D=0J_ M4T80$G:DQCY)+J`WE9 K&WI22F:(L2UK: M;(O$2R'^&: 8DN+2O`:P!EG8/P=>"\+"'(`A7-?P'VZ?`;1 MP[P6 _ / MD[]*H[__>OOT3VEP/X1UOH\?1S^/[B>WOXVDVWOX_R,>4@OLD9J1HF[Y_J^B M.9JF.::N6@S[EK7(3R@+4ANNK%!YK])4-,LT+-V2F6>&VE?M]4Z#`BKG$45K M!#E^Y-QA@+Q_\.9A4[B3ZJR5H"FJ;EL*_"XG?.,Y(A!+#9&"9X7ETG`;QS! :%3JQVP$*1?Y2E^ZYG>W DDL&PQ9[AQD4RC) M,6S=M"SX@\U+_D\BS^T8>KJ#B]O29QFQB9OK=4EI/\X,&-9#"P4P!/F_I"#@ MHWRPZ(EM1;=LR[%5V6&T0NYF?B=6R%&?&F#Y3D:#"EO>NR#46(_JC@.G:'"6 MS$TZ6Z(M=45TU)M>+(TAFZ?E0_ DWPDGM(ENDQ^]M#!C4>O8%HZL7X:4S7 M=DHU6W!MK*N.4//:@W$2'DK@81 [QV%J/ER@_?0>X$XS2:+N#`.O9=7)*MO=K:*$TS%,?4'$N(F4M_6`FO M:G!L(+D;8)'B-ZCV:JWB69:BZ;9M\!(PL7\7TA$MX38$-V;R"%8%CMD@F#V" MQ(L:W(-D&G0ME)$HCJG*NJ6J)OM7_JC-X0"$^*L3XJ_%Z723>\Y!!I0W4=$O M[(D=V='%&74.@8@/[!;?A+;.:C,O&DS_G2+EH)2`^75-FO-J3-7RX,A49%73 M#4WF)OTXT63VAE::"O46;[>K^PXOEE+DSR^40F,@VS5*Y1FV;FN::MB*)9Q= M4"`JS8%Z([B;.;!]C[C 8,,4K:]7/+9LF(X)5\9"3,>.B;ZTR#-\$[ B!)=UJJ,JNJK)EL5XUW1_ M@R6',.UB//+%=FYF]VBE$TP]'VRIY"GLIU &$[[0-%B&4>+]Z>82 M4?!(+'_^_!'A 3DHPJV+!=./$&N=,-I4".'^883"=1B`3?,MH MAUX\#5-T^SN8C2.P]-)EW)XN=M_&/H*1[*N;\WT/8EL1Q +L O4T!U(#[5B0[QA]0-.@#8P8'MOD1 MK.5`%77-,2[."+-Y;PE=^7F80SU#!23O*"8RRW.3/4N',3S:RA_!PFAU08@\ M/C-3:I\,$VM\1*-IFM92IV(7UU*ZO''74.,C6DK3@WCT, WFEM=9',*56)9""F7GH6W:O MKU I_!'OHH`Y27#.?EC&.P,KU9FU/";958_QX03=S)Y.["^U\ M'QUL4!P:-7>T1]])-%8^(\MH!M@U>9'(]C&8YB =D)^ 3-G/IJIZ77=3@]90S2`S3*.?1C^`5!-B+2Q3USL@H:MAZ M2APDAD5L#Z#%G18X8=]SBE%MX(QL!`^2 P%]WSW+:`6IP#,XBP8)CL- MZFXXG9HX`\OIA)?SP.8JF.]N4HB=[>OF_H$>671]/S[0,`YH^[PLY@!% M2:U'W0I_@A#;0LFZ-'`&1M$!;=>=#Y''GVQ)#W\]2Y$:`?%@A;KV&9@++53. M@Y]K9G\+V0A>/-CED:ENJU?DBE`U1] P%`+I4 MG+U>@%2?_QV;;6>?ILHD:+*LJJ:B:K+".*%R_Z/30:J@R+; >3V&MV\_!-@([ MX[.8R@B)\AA"90%T%K5^89YB/HFI)[XU4(#D//4+_3WB!M5@J#^P3?'-XD`% M"'3* 'O5N$+5^NF11%@?-LPY0Y75L _3!,H5D\TAX%P8O3R!:$F:*[14+33J*)NNZK-BR MQN +C_E;UY`L:/D M(UH++R^@'-E WUTYVV M8 V5$,QBF!NAK,(3BQ$V&6MR+SK#(@1D][8;C=*;7!9MN*ZMBZ:3#F\`!. MZ@S3H#U&SOM>:4T`I"$A '-OBJ*7\SP/Z&'DT/>FE14F\1$K M! \'%#$=]-,C,;:MR M;QXMRT&,*_:USK?M^IOWS#:4/D'RO_KXG:F^/U/ZE&[8BJ8JCLZJ^^C/FJK= MQTG4U=-#3M5'6D_77TT6892@#>*&(.&6[DBM=T=9:Y M!PWVQ'B4)]A.Y[M?71\= M\DP6`"0H""`,.GBO5O?>HCTI:U"JM,C*ZJL`'X&/C@\V`K=Y,EWE\DQ,U755 MAJL$V^Q\8H69&@U!`JT2G=^""/X45.4I4WVU#_R'- EI.!_I"%EP+_Z6NI$;)`#$:-/0 M]\$T25V_S!MP"_UVF6\B9`O^9]][R7ZB=7&S[N*;+UY6/RF5WY1V/BI5O]I' M#[`1P.L$F=0]'-XFNU.PZ0+,4G3[?PVB(F!;#T%9N]P",@U9EA7%,DQ&QZ:] M6L#6,=D!BA!ZQIW%O"U"'T*(T8ER\D[9-U@-.V&5MOXJ%:TQ "KM7F%&6\`J>%O_&EM\8C:&IFJ:ICL5#F`.]-Y.J M9.!D734LW59E#8Y=C!VX&PV$D`=:L$*[ZVBY\L-W4#ZAA+*!4;JM4W?;LC&I M:$W*FF/VD!L4(G)])&$:Q]FAY!@$ S"J%E@,2+LO/)0N@V-S^\60[F M\T,H4@!F%=8K2]@.,WO*=LJ@0 H(KG1BJR@LI>Q1%KO I+] MFF)XT[11W`Y[AAU:*!?#EJRJN@%]PV( "TR,#$P,3(S,2YX V,S7&D/0:)K1#P+EC2H`&KC^>.L(6H#E9XF3Y M0OK7=R7;8#`8PZ73=,I+@J7=;W?U2=JUI=N?5@%#GX@,J>"MBE.M51#AGO`I MG[ ^\**` A.C*%&]?OJ5:WQINK 3F).\":JV\X;NUYS'-1HUIUF_1J-'M:"#^#^C!Z5#+T%"3""`>!A MJ[)0:MFT[:>GI^I3HRKD')1JCOW[0W]LY"JQ8',UE8QNB>N65*%A4QXJS#V2 MRC/*/Q2(Z^XIA+R&S\DGWC@W-S>VZ4U%^8RMMB0Y43-&5U5/!#KBFN74K8:3 M==Q7:X6L&]=VW)F*`N_J>4G";>$HM-,.K71CU1P#K[" 80&/6)-*1B9@.-(_WC_V#OHH\(KP47P;&M!>PS8QL^.X*%@U-?S[PXS MS>]X08@**XCZK4H)N;5#J4L^F5%.C>LPSVHU9*$U#/SN#`?C8;_7;4_ !XT M3ID'X\FP\_.[8;_K/HZ_1NXO[WN3/U![T`6=A]&C^\X=C'N_NJ@W@&?W,E7. MGBH='"[NF7@JN^HW\L5D7YU"=J A[?PZ:025/U F#VX(&GH,1%&D@SE''/ZEW$>%MLX"@(LGR%OTCF'DMS# ML`8]3T2P;/A\!'QZE"3[[>>"%#'O`/..7KMK&_"0-6,6 "&DFA`9]/@G$BJ3-'>9WBM33&0]3Z1!L13`H`S.A:/C'&4W4EW% M"KZ/I0-2Q3PU\CPE.,@`H0W2A:GC3/4%G^N%TB53M +>1EA"1B 8EB%M_L*5`R&%^C&.7"SG%VXF]I$[S*;ZS9KF(^ M?LCS$2LCHWWAX3@/;K!DXIF0.\+!&36",FZ7CWTBQ;S :(2(&204`;J0E:)G$-T%B?^+Y#; MH>YFS_>4PWL1Q:R+%7[/<>13I I9NBF^Y M5%>AG_IXB@N;L3[-A53O9!?V7P4J:3Q5T%:O3[!WZ#;1`;-)RH6Y6,VHSS%> M&FV;,+4!M#:`)WMD(#F9ZRI(0_]@P6`6.+8U'DS*>.XG`-8&X&1'-,Z+#HT! M_.RA>4&'=,O9_OB$OH0O7/#X"?#.]H6:LXD7=2>&/.11 5S_0T19/IT*K%,/G[HW?;/ M%-$RM0[5:7`H\@"(20[ZAK/#$1>*O?)(UU%L^ST@JA-)?8I= M20:CH'_'@>*(C[B7CS_.?>I0^*7C&0CN'0EI2^151M4%NY3I2T10.F'*LT=L MR7ESN'E)FY"5NF/"^Y!&?+[ZWM%(,V)3I9*?,2*;>7XH^/N(S BNEH3K M]1+'M;?GGR7PV+(\%,0(/YN3F'LA,UMEF-\XXLC*B_]+X7J2^"7C'4GA$>*' M]U($0[4@LAV&YI9S+M3#DJ^3U(+CNG:RPV\VG3*B!6&"#&B4#G*386*H M61=K=@/_7)#7-22;`S9ZTE'>[JB\`,[K&IBB*Y.[P9>4_? "TR,#$P,3(S,2YX;6Q55`4``\++7DUU>`L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$" M'@,4````"`!==5(^XFT[!80+``!:H0``%0`8```````!````I(&$D@``;F9L M>"TR,#$P,3(S,5]C86PN>&UL550%``/"RUY-=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L! M`AX#%`````@`7752/O((V)#4!0``6S,``!4`&````````0```*2!5YX``&YF M;'@M,C`Q,#$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#PLM>375X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``%!+ M`0(>`Q0````(`%UU4CZ3C,OZ'R@``,`]`@`5`!@```````$```"D@7JD``!N M9FQX+3(P,3`Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`4``\++7DUU>`L``00E#@``!#D!``!0 M2P$"'@,4````"`!==5(^2B.DD8D:``"+=`$`%0`8```````!````I('HS``` M;F9L>"TR,#$P,3(S,5]P &UL550%``/"RUY-=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0`` M4$L!`AX#%`````@`7752/K&)Q*5>!P``S#0``!$`&````````0```*2!P. '-D550%``/"RUY-=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L% 3!@`````&``8`&@(``&GO```````` ` end
2.2.0.25 false false 11001 - Disclosure - Related Party Transaction true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringIt emType string No definition available. false false Related Party Transaction 3 false 0 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false ters elabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>10.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Related Party Transaction </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership interest at that time. Pursuant to this agreement, StreamVault Media recorded a charge of $2.5 million in technology and development expense. In January 2008, in conjunction with various arrangements StreamVault Media paid a total of $6.0 million to this same company, of which $5.7 million was accounted for as an investment under the cost method. In conjunction with these arrangements, the employee with the significant ownership interest in the same company terminated his employment with StreamVault Media. In the fourth quarter of 2009, StreamVault Media sold its investment in this company to an unrelated party and realized a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million. </font></p> </div> 10. Related Party Transaction In April 2007, StreamVault Media entered into a license agreement with a company in which an employee had a significant ownership false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string This element may be used for the entire related party transactions disclosure as a single block of text. Disclosure may include: the nature of the relationship(s), a description of the transactions, the amount of the transactions, the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms of the transaction from the previous period, stated interest rate, expiration date, terms and manner of settlement per the agreem ent with the related party, and amounts due to or from related parties. If the entity and one or more other entities are under common ownership or management control and this control affects the operating results or financial position, disclosure includes the nature of the control relationship even if there are no transactions between the entities. Disclosure may also include the aggregate amount of current and deferred tax expense for each statement of earnings presented where the entity is a member of a group that files a consolidated tax return, the amount of any tax related balances due to or from affiliates as of the date of each statement of financial position presented, the principal provisions of the method by which the consolidated amount of current and deferred tax expense is allocated to the members of the group and the nature and effect of any changes in that method. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph b -Article 3A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 57 -Paragraph 1-4 false false Related Party Transaction 1 2 Related Party Transaction UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 10301 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_BalanceSheetRelatedDisclosuresAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Balance Sheet Components 3 false 0 nflx_DetailsOfCertainBalanceSheetAccountsDisclosureTextBlock nflx false na duration Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>3.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Balance Sheet Components </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Content Library, Net </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="75%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">DVD content library, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">627,392</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">638,006</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Streaming content library, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">441,637</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">104,796</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Content library, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,069,029</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">742,802</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Less: accumulated amortization</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(707,050</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(596,663</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">361,979</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">146,139</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Less: Current content library, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">181,006</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">37,329</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Content library, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">180,973</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">108,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment, Net </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="56%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td width="4%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td width="13%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom" colspan="5"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Computer equipment</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3&nbsp;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60,289</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">62,132</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Operations and other equipment</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5&nbsp;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">72,368</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">65,059</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Software, including internal-use software</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">26,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">35,401</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Furniture and fixtures</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3 years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">11,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,421</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="3"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Building</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">30&nbsp;years</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">40,681</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Leasehold improvements</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="3" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Over&nbsp;life&nbsp;of&nbsp;lease</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36,530</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">35,156</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Capital work-in-progress</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,882</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">15,097</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment, gross</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">265,149</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">265,947</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Less: Accumulated depreciation</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(136,579</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(134,294</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top" colspan="5"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">128,570</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">131,653</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Capital work-in-progress as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 consists primarily of approximately $16 million of operations equipment. In 2010, the Company wrote-off fully depreciated equipment and software of $33.9 million related to assets that were no longer in existence. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Other non-current Assets </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current assets consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="76%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Patents, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,587</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,639</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted cash</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,561</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,829</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Debt issuance costs, net</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,480</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,966</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,462</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current assets</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,090</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,300</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Restricted cash of $4.6 million and $2.8 million, as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, related to workers' compensation insurance deposits. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Accrued Expenses </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued expenses consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="76%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued state sales and use tax</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,983</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">11,625</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued payroll and employee benefits</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">8,520</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,427</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued interest on debt</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,125</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,597</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued content acquisition costs</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,950</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,810</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,911</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,928</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued expenses</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36,489</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">33,387</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Other non-current Liabilities </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current liabilities consisted of the following: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="76%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>As of December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Accrued content acquisition costs</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">48,179</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,227</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">21,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">14,356</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other non-current liabilities</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">69,201</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,583</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 18px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i> </i></b></font>&nbsp;</p> </div> 3. Balance Sheet Components Content Library, Net Content library and accumulated amortization consisted of the following: &nbsp; false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts No authoritative reference available. false false Balance Sheet Components 1 2 Balance Sheet Components UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 00400 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS true false In Thousands false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 false false USD false false 1/1/2009 - 12/31/2009 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_2009 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2009-01-01T00:00:00 2009-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 3 false false USD false false 1/1/2008 - 12/31/2008 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_2008 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2008-01-01T00:00:00 2008-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 3 true 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string The net cash from (used in) all of the entity's operating activities, including those of discontinued operations, of the reporting entity. Operating activities include all transactions and events that are not defined as investing or financing activities. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Cash flows from operating activities are generally the cash effects of transactions and other events that enter into the determination of net income. false false Cash flows from operating activities: 4 false 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 160853000 160853 false true false false false 2 true false false 115860000 115860 false true false false false 3 true false false 83026000 83026 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The portion of consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. If the entity does not present consolidated financial statements, the amount of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 false false Net income 5 true 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false fals e false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 6 false 0 nflx_AcquisitionOfStreamingContentLibrary nflx false debit duration The cash outflow for the acquisition of streaming content library. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false -406210000 -406210 false f alse false false false 2 true false false -64217000 -64217 false false false false false 3 true false false -48290000 -48290 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow for the acquisition of streaming content library. No authoritative reference available. false false Acquisition of streaming content library 7 false 0 nflx_AmortizationOfContentLibrary nflx false debit duration The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the asse ts over their useful... false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 300596000 300596 false false false false false 2 true false false 219490000 219490 false false false false false 3 true false false 209757000 209757 false false false false f alse Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful lives. No authoritative reference available. false false Amortization of content library 8 false 0 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 38099000 38099 false false false false false 2 true false false 38044000 38044 false false false false false 3 true false false 32454000 32454 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 false false Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles 9 false 0 us-gaap_AccretionAmortizationOfDiscountsAndPremiumsInvestments us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false 859000 859 false false false false false 2 true false false 607000 607 false false false false false 3 true false false 625000 625 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The sum of the periodic adjustments of the differences between securities' face values and purchase prices that are charged against earnings. This is called accretion if the security was purchased at a discount and amortization if it was purchased at premium. As a noncash item, this element is an adjustment to net incom e when calculating cash provided by (used in) operations using the indirect method. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Amortization of discounts and premiums on investments 10 false 0 us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 514000 514 false false false false false 2 true false false 1124000 1124 false false false false false 3 false fal se false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The component of interest expense comprised of the periodic charge against earnings over the life of the financing arrangement to which such costs relate. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 8 -Article 9 false false Amortization of debt issuance costs 11 false 0 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false fal se 27996000 27996 false false false false false 2 true false false 12618000 12618 false false false false false 3 true false false 12264000 12264 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock options, amortization of restricted stock, and adjustment for officers compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/p resentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Stock-based compensation expense 12 false 0 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -62214000 -62214 false false false false false 2 true false false -12683000 -12683 false false false false false 3 true false false -5220000 -5220 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Reductions in the entity's income taxes that arise when compensation cost (from non-qualified share-based compensation) recognized on the entity's tax return exceeds compensation cost from share-based compensation recognized in financial statements. This element reduces net cash provided by operating activities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A96 false false Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 13 false 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false 394000 394 false false false false false 2 true false false 254000 254 false false false false false 3 true false false 101000 101 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The difference between the sale price or salvage price and the book value of a property, plant, and equipment asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Loss on disposal of property and equipment 14 false 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -1033000 -1033 false false false false false 2 true false false -1509000 -1509 false false false false false 3 true false false -3130000 -3130 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net realized gain or loss on investments sold during the period, which, for cash flow reporting, is a component of proceeds from investing activities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Gain on sale of short-term investments 15 false 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true fal se false -9862000 -9862 false false false false false 2 true false false -7637000 -7637 false false false false false 3 true false false -13350000 -13350 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The difference between the sale price or salvage price and the book value of an asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss) and not to the cash proceeds of the sale. This element is a noncash adjustment to net income when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. Ther e is also a more specific element for realized gain (loss) on the sale of property, plant, and equipment. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Gain on disposal of DVDs 16 false 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherInvestments us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false -1783000 -1783 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The difference between the book value and the sale price of other nonspecific investments. This element is used when other, more specific, elements are not appropriate. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Gain on sale of business 17 false 0 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false -962000 -962 false false false false false 2 true false false 6328000 6328 false false false false false 3 true false false -5905000 -5905 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The component of income tax expense for the period representing the net change in the entity's deferred tax assets and liabilities pertaining to continuing operations. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 45 -Subparagraph b Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 289 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 false false Deferred taxes 18 true 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 19 false 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -35476000 -35476 false false false f alse false 2 true false false -5643000 -5643 false false false false false 3 true false false -13458000 -13458 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change during the reporting period in the amount of outstanding money paid in advance for goods or services that bring economic benefits for future periods. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Prepaid content 20 false 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -21763000 -21763 false false false false false 2 true false false -5358000 -5358 false false false false false 3 true false false 9277000 9277 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change during the reporting period in other operating assets not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Other current assets 21 false 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 139983000 139983 false false false false false 2 true false false -1189000 -1189 false false false false false 3 true false false 7111000 7111 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations due within one year (or one business cycle). This may include trade payables, amounts due to related parties, royalties payable, and other obligations. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Accounts payable 22 false 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 67209000 67209 false false false false false 2 true false false 13169000 13169 false false false false false 3 true false false -1824000 -1824 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Accrued expenses 23 false 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 27086000 27086 false false false false false 2 true false false 16970000 16970 false false false false false 3 true false false 11462000 11462 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change during the reporting period, excluding the portion taken into income, in the liability reflecting services yet to be performed by the reporting entity for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Deferred revenue 24 false 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false 50332000 50332 false false false false false 2 true false false 618000 618 false false false false false 3 true false false 9137000 9137 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary For entities with classified balance sheets, the net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets or liabilities used in operating activities, that are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. For entities with unclassified balance sheets, the net change during the reporting period in the value of all other assets or liabilities used in operating activities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 false false Other assets and liabilities 25 false 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 276401000 276401 false false false false false 2 true false false 325063000 325063 false false false false false 3 true false false 284037000 284037 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net cash from (used in) all of the entity's operating activities, including those of discontinued operations, of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value that are not defined as investing o r financing activities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 true false Net cash provided by operating activities 26 true 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Cash flows from investing activities: 27 false 0 nflx_PaymentsForAcquisitionsOfContentLibrary nflx false credit duration The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -123901000 -123901 false false false false false 2 true false false -193044000 -193044 false false false false false 3 true false false -162849000 -162849 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. No authoritative reference available. false false Acquisition of DVD content library 28 false 0 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAvailableForSaleSecurities us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -107362000 -107362 false false false false false 2 true false false -228000000 -228000 false false false false false 3 true false false -256959000 -256959 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow to acquire debt and equity securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities which would be classified as available-for-sale securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph b Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph a false false Purchases of short-term investments 29 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 120857000 120857 false false false false false 2 true false false 166706000 166706 false false false false false 3 true false false 304163000 304163 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash inflow associated with the sale of debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale securities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph a Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 18 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b false false Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 30 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfAvailableForSaleSecurities us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 15818000 15818 false false false false false 2 true false false 35673000 35673 false false false false false 3 true false false 3170000 3170 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash inflow associated maturities (principal being due), prepayments and calls (requests of early payments) on securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities which are classified as available-for-sale securities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presenta tionRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph a Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher OTS -Name Federal Regulation (FR) -Number Title 12 -Chapter V -Section 563c.102 -Subsection III Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph b false false Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 31 false 0 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 t rue false false -33837000 -33837 false false false false false 2 true false false -45932000 -45932 false false false false false 3 true false false -43790000 -43790 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org /2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph c false false Purchases of property and equipment 32 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherProductiveAssets us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 12919000 12919 false false false false false 2 true false false 11164000 11164 false false false false false 3 true false false 18368000 18368 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash inflow from the sale of other tangible or intangible assets used to produce goods or deliver services not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 16 -Subparagraph c false false Proceeds from sale of DVDs 33 false 0 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -505000 -505 false false false false false 2 true false false -200000 -200 false false false false false 3 true false false -1062000 -1062 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights, excluding goodwill. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph c false false Acquisitions of intangible assets 34 false 0 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherInvestments us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 false f alse false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 true false false -6000000 -6000 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow associated with other investments held by the entity for investment purposes not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15 false false Investment in business 35 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 7483000 7483 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary This element represents the cash inflow during the period from the sale of a component of the entity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 15, 16 false false Proceeds from sale of business 36 false 0 nflx_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherAssets nflx false debit duration The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -70000 -70 false false false false false 2 true false false 71000 71 false false false false f alse 3 true false false -1000 -1 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. No authoritative reference available. false false Other assets 37 false 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false -116081000 -116081 false false false false false 2 true false false -246079000 -246079 false false false false false 3 true false false -144960000 -144960 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 true false Net cash used in investing activities 38 true 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Cash flows from financing activities: 39 false 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherDebt us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -1776000 -1776 false false false false false 2 true false false -1158000 -1158 false false false false false 3 true false false -823000 -823 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow for the payment of other borrowing not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b false false Principal payments of lease financing obligations 40 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 49776000 49776 false false false false false 2 true false false 35274000 35274 false false false false false 3 true false false 18872000 18872 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a false false Proceeds from issuance of common stock 41 false 0 us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 62214000 62214 false false false false false 2 true false false 12683000 12683 false false false false false 3 true false false 5220000 5220 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Reductions in the entity's income taxes that arise when compensation cost (from non-qualified share-based compensation) recognized on the entity's tax return exceeds compensation cost from share-based compensation recognized in financial statements. This element represents the cash inflow reported in the enterprise's financing activities. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A240 -Subparagraph i Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 00-15 -Paragraph 3 false false Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 42 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 18978000 18978 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge, mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b false false Borrowings on line of credit, net of issuance costs 43 false 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false -20000000 -20000 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow to pay off an obligation from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.o rg/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph b false false Payments on line of credit 44 false 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false fa lse false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 193917000 193917 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph b false false Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs 45 false 0 us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -210259000 -210259 false false false false false 2 true false false -324335000 -324335 false false false false false 3 true false false -199904000 -199904 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 18 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph a false false Repurchases of common stock 46 false 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false -100045000 -100045 false false false false false 2 true false false -84641000 -84641 false false false false false 3 true false false -176635000 -176635 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net cash inflow (outflow) from financing activity for the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 true false Net cash used by financing activities 47 false 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 60275000 60275 false false false false false 2 true false false -5657000 -5657 false false false false false 3 true false false -37558000 -37558 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The net change between the beginning and ending balance of cash and cash equivalents. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 26 true false Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 48 false 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false true false false periodstartlabel 1 true false false 134224000 134224 false false false false false 2 true false false 139881000 139881 false false false false false 3 true false false 177439000 177439 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or pena lty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entere d into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits should not be reported as cash and cash equivalents. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 false false Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 49 false 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false true false periodendlabel 1 true false false 194499000 194499 false false false false false 2 true false false 134224000 134224 false false false false false 3 true false false 139881000 139881 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into wi th others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits should not be reported as cash and cash equivalents. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 false false Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 50 true 0 us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Supplemental disclosure: 51 false 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 56218000 56218 false false false false false 2 true false false 58770000 58770 false false false false false 3 true false false 40494000 40494 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 29 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 27 -Subparagraph f false false Income taxes paid 52 false 0 us-gaap_InterestPaid us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 20101000 20101 false true false false false 2 true false false 3878000 3878 false true false false false 3 true false false 2458000 2458 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The amount of cash paid during the current period for interest owed on money borrowed; includes amount of interest capitalized Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 29 false false Interest paid 3 50 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (USD $) Thousands UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 true false 00300 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME true false In Thousands, except Share data false 1 false false USD true false {us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis} : Common Stock [Member] 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_201023 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 na 0001-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 false false us-gaap_CommonStockMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_CommonStockMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 false false USD true false {us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis} : Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_20102 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 na 0001-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 false false us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/ iso4217 USD iso4217 0 USD USD $ 3 false false USD true false {us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis} : Treasury Stock [Member] 1/1/2009 - 12/31/2009 USD ($) $ Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_20094 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 na 0001-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 false false us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 USD USD $ 4 false false USD true false {us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis} : Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Member] 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_20103 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 na 0001-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 false false us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember Unit12 Standard h ttp://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 USD USD $ 5 false false USD true false {us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis} : Retained Earnings [Member] 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_201022 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 na 0001-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 false false us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis xbrldi http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis explicitMember Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 USD USD $ 6 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 na 0001-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 1 false 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false true false false false true false false periodstartlabel instant 2008-01-01T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 65000 65 false true false true false 2 true false false 402710000 402710 false true false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 true false false 1611000 1611 false true false true false 5 true false false 25426000 25426 false true false true false 6 true false false 429812000 429812 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total of all Stockholders' Equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allo cable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Balance, Value at Dec. 31, 2007 2 false 0 us-gaap_SharesIssued us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false true false false false true false false periodstartlabel instant 2008-01-01T00:00:00 0001- 01-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 64912915 64912915 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false fal se false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury. No authoritative reference available. false false Balance, Shares at Dec. 31, 2007 3 false 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false f alse false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 true false false 83026000 83026 false false false true false 6 true false false 83026000 83026 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The portion of consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. If the entity does not present consolidated financial statements, the amount of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 false false Net income 4 false 0 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 f alse false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 true false false -1527000 -1527 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false -1527000 -1527 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Gross appreciation or the gross loss in value of the total unsold securities at the end of an accounting period, after tax. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 22, 26 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b false false Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 5 false 0 us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 81499000 81499 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the reporting entity. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A5 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 30 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 true false Comprehensive income, net of taxes 6 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 14019000 14019 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 14019000 14019 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value stock issued during the period as a result of the exercise of stock options. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 7 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 1056641 1056641 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false f alse false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the exercise of stock options. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 8 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 4853000 4853 false false false true false 3 fals e false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 4853000 4853 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Aggregate change in value for stock issued during the period as a result of employee stock purchase plan. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 9 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 231068 231068 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares issued during the period as a result of an employee stock purchase plan. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 5 false false Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) 10 false 0 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -3000 -3 false false false true false 2 true false false -99881000 -99881 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false -99884000 -99884 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value of stock that has been repurchased and retired during the period. The excess of the purchase price over par value can be charged against retained earnings (once the excess is fully allocated to additional paid in capital). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock 11 false 0 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -3847062 -3847062 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares that have been repurchased and retired during the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock (in shares) 12 false 0 us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 true false false -100020000 -100020 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false -100020000 -100020 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 7 -Subparagraph b false false Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury 13 false 0 us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false true negated 1 true false false -3491084 -3491084 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock to be held in treasury (in shares) 14 false 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 12264000 12264 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 12264000 12264 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary This element represents the amount of recognized share-based compensation during the period, that is, the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 39 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A91 false false Stock-based compensation expense 15 false 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 4612000 4612 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 4612000 4612 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Tax benefit associated with any share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). The tax benefit results from the deduction by the entity on its tax return for an award of stock that exceeds the cumulative compensation cost for common stock or preferred stock recognized for financial reporting. Includes any resulting tax benefit that exceeds the previously recognized deferred tax asset (excess tax benefits). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 62 false false Excess stock option income tax benefits 16 false 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false true false false false false true false periodendlabel instant 2008-12-31T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 62000 62 false false false true false 2 true false false 338577000 338577 false false false true false 3 true false false -100020000 -100020 false false false true false 4 true false false 84000 84 false false false true false 5 true false false 108452000 108452 false false false true false 6 true false false 347155000 347155 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total of all Stockholders' Equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Balance, Value at Dec. 31, 2008 17 false 0 us-gaap_SharesIssued us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false true false false false false true false periodendlabel instant 2008-12-31T00:00:00 0001-0 1-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 58862478 58862478 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false fals e false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury. No authoritative reference available. false false Balance, Shares at Dec. 31, 2008 18 false 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false f alse false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 true false false 115860000 115860 false false false true false 6 true false false 115860000 115860 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The portion of consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. If the entity does not present consolidated financial statements, the amount of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 false false Net income 19 false 0 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 true false false 189000 189 false false false true false 5 f alse false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 189000 189 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Gross appreciation or the gross loss in value of the total unsold securities at the end of an accounting period, after tax. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 22, 26 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b false false Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 20 false 0 us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 116049000 116049 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the reporting entity. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A5 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 30 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 true false Comprehensive income, net of taxes 21 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 1000 1 false false false true false 2 true false false 29508000 29508 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 29509000 29509 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value stock issued during the period as a result of the exercise of stock options. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 22 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 1724110 1724110 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the exercise of stock options. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 23 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 fals e false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 5765000 5765 false false false true false 3 fal se false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 5765000 5765 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Aggregate change in value for stock issued during the period as a result of employee stock purchase plan. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 24 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 224799 224799 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares issued during the period as a result of an employee stock purchase plan. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 5 false false Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) 25 false 0 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -10000 -10 false false false true false 2 true false false -398850000 -398850 false false false true false 3 true false false 100020000 100020 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 true false false -25495000 -25495 false false false true false 6 true false false -324335000 -324335 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value of stock that has been repurchased and retired during the period. The excess of the purchase price over par value can be charged against retained earnings (once the excess is fully allocated to additional paid in capital). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock 26 false 0 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -7371314 -7371314 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares that have been repurchased and retired during the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock (in shares) 27 false 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 12618000 12618 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 12618000 12618 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary This element represents the amount of recognized share-based compensation during the period, that is, the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 39 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A91 false false Stock-based compensation expense 28 false 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 12382000 12382 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 12382000 12382 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Tax benefit associated with any share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). The tax benefit results from the deduction by the entity on its tax return for an award of stock that exceeds the cumulative compensation cost for common stock or preferred stock recognized for financial reporting. Includes any resulting tax benefit that exceeds the previously recognized deferred tax asset (excess tax benefits). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 62 false false Excess stock option income tax benefits 29 false 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false true false false false false true false periodendlabel instant 2009-12-31T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 53000 53 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 true false false 273000 273 false false false true false 5 true false false 198817000 198817 false false false true false 6 true false false 199143000 199143 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total of all Stockholders' Equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Balance, Value at Dec. 31, 2009 30 false 0 us-gaap_SharesIssued us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false true false false false false true false periodendlabel instant 2009-12-31T00:00:00 0001-0 1-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 53440073 53440073 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false fals e false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury. No authoritative reference available. false false Balance, Shares at Dec. 31, 2009 31 false 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false f alse false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 true false false 160853000 160853 false false false true false 6 true false false 160853000 160853 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The portion of consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. If the entity does not present consolidated financial statements, the amount of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph d Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A7 -Appendix A Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph a Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 10, 15 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) -Number 87-21 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 28, 29, 30 false false Net income 32 false 0 us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecrease us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 true false false 477000 477 false false false true false 5 f alse false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 477000 477 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Gross appreciation or the gross loss in value of the total unsold securities at the end of an accounting period, after tax. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 14, 17, 19, 22, 26 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 24 -Subparagraph b false false Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes 33 false 0 us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 161330000 161330 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the reporting entity. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A5 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 30 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 38 -Subparagraph c(3) Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 true false Comprehensive income, net of taxes 34 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 2000 2 false false false true false 2 true false false 47080000 47080 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 47082000 47082 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value stock issued during the period as a result of the exercise of stock options. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 35 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 1902073 1902073 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the exercise of stock options. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options (in shares) 36 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockPurchasePlan us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 fals e false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 2694000 2694 false false false true false 3 fal se false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 2694000 2694 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Aggregate change in value for stock issued during the period as a result of employee stock purchase plan. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 37 false 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 46112 46112 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false S hares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares issued during the period as a result of an employee stock purchase plan. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 5 false false Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan (in shares) 38 false 0 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue us-gaap true debit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -2000 -2 false false false true false 2 true false false -88326000 -88326 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 true false false -121931000 -121931 false false false true false 6 true false false -210259000 -210259 false false false false fals e Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value of stock that has been repurchased and retired during the period. The excess of the purchase price over par value can be charged against retained earnings (once the excess is fully allocated to additional paid in capital). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock 39 false 0 us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false -2606309 -2606309 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares that have been repurchased and retired during the period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 false false Repurchases of common stock and retirement of outstanding treasury stock (in shares) 40 false 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 27996000 27996 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 27996000 27996 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary This element represents the amount of recognized share-based compensation during the period, that is, the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 39 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 64 -Subparagraph b Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph A91 false false Stock-based compensation expense 41 false 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation us-gaap true credit duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 2 true false false 62178000 62178 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 true false false 62178000 62178 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Tax benefit associated with any share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). The tax benefit results from the deduction by the entity on its tax return for an award of stock that exceeds the cumulative compensation cost for common stock or preferred stock recognized for financial reporting. Includes any resulting tax benefit that exceeds the previously recognized deferred tax asset (excess tax benefits). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 123R -Paragraph 62 false false Excess stock option income tax benefits 42 false 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false true false false false false true false periodendlabel instant 2010-12-31T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 53000 53 false true false true false 2 true false false 51622000 51622 false true false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 true false false 750000 750 false true false true false 5 true false false 237739000 237739 false true false true false 6 true false false 290164000 290164 false true fa lse false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total of all Stockholders' Equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 false false Balance, Value at Dec. 31, 2010 43 false 0 us-gaap_SharesIssued us-gaap true na instant No definition available. false false false true false false false false true false periodendlabel instant 2010-12-31T00:00:00 0001-0 1-01T00:00:00 1 true false false 52781949 52781949 false false false true false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 4 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 5 false false false 0 0 false false false true false 6 false false false 0 0 false false false fals e false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury. No authoritative reference available. false false Balance, Shares at Dec. 31, 2010 6 43 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (USD $) Thousands NoRounding UnKnown UnKnown false true
No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The current period expense charged against earnings on content library to recognize the cost of the assets over their useful lives. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The cash outflow for acquisition of DVD content library. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Details of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Fulfillment expenses incurred in operating and staffing the Company's shipping and customer service center, including costs attributable to receiving, encoding, inspecting and warehousing the Company's content library. Fulfillment expenses also include credit card fees. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The cash outflow for the acquisition of streaming content library. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. The net change during the reporting period in the value of other assets used in investing activities. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available. No authoritative reference available.
2.2.0.25 false false 10701 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Stockholders' Equity 3 false 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>7.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Stockholders' Equity </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock Repurchase Program </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The following table presents a summary of our stock repurchases: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="45%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands, except per share data)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total number of shares repurchased</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,606</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,371</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,338</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Dollar amount of shares repurchased</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">210,259</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">324,335</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">199,904</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Average price paid per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">80.67</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">44.00</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">27.24</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Range of price paid per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60.23&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$126.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">34.70&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$60.00</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">19.52&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$31.71</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Under the current stock repurchase plan, announced on June&nbsp;11, 2010, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $300 million of its common stock through the end of 2012. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, $240.6 million of this authorization is remaining. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on various factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, debt covenant requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Shares repurchased by the Company are accounted for when the transaction is settled. There were no unsettled share repurchases at December&nbsp;31, 2010. Shares repurchased and retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value. If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. During the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, $121.9 million was deducted from retained earnings related to share repurchases. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In the fourth quarter of 2009, the Company determined that all shares held in treasury stock would be retired. Accordingly, these constructively retired shares were deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value, until additional paid in capital was exhausted and then from retained earnings. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Preferred Stock </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company has authorized 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with par value of $0.001 per share. None of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Voting Rights </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The holders of each share of common stock shall be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the Company's stockholders. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Employee Stock Purchase Plan </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), which reserved a total of 1,166,666 shares of common stock for issuance. The 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan also provided for annual increases in the number of shares available for issuance on the first day of each year, beginning with 2003, equal to the lesser of: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td width="4%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&bull;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2% of the outstanding shares of the common stock on the first day of the applicable year; </font></p></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td width="4%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&bull;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">666,666 shares; and </font></p></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td width="4%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="2%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&bull;</font></td> <td valign="top" width="1%"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"> <p align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">such other amount as the Company's Board of Directors may determine. </font></p></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Under the Company's ESPP, employees can purchase common stock of the Company through accumulated payroll deductions. The purchase price of the common stock acquired by the employees participating in the ESPP is 85% of the closing price on either the first day of the offering period or the last day of the purchase period, whichever is lower. Through May&nbsp;1, 2006, offering periods were twenty-four months, and the purchase periods were six months. Therefore, each offering period included four six-month purchase periods, and the purchase price for each six-month period was determined by comparing the closing prices on the first day of the offering period and the last day of the applicable purchase period. In this manner, the look-back for determining the purchase price was up to twenty-four months. However, effective May&nbsp;1, 2006, the ESPP was amended so t hat offering and purchase periods take place concurrently in consecutive six month increments. Under the amended ESPP, therefore, the look-back for determining the purchase price is six months. Employees can invest up to 15% of their gross compensation through payroll deductions. In no event would an employee be permitted to purchase more than 8,334 shares of common stock during any six-month purchase period. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In March 2010, the ESPP was amended to terminate the annual increase to the share reserve and to limit the maximum number of shares available under the ESPP to 2,800,000 shares. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, there were 2,785,721 shares available for future issuance under the 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. There was only one ESPP offering in 2010, and the Company does not expect any future ESPP offerings. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">During the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, employees purchased approximately 46,112, 224,799 and 231,068 shares at average prices of $58.41, $25.65, and $21.00 per share, respectively. Cash received from purchases under the ESPP for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $2.7 million, $5.8 million, and $4.9 million, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock Option Plans </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In February 2002, the Company adopted the 2002 Stock Plan, which was amended and restated in May 2006. The 2002 Stock Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock purchase rights to employees, directors and consultants. As of December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2,038,502 shares were reserved for future grant under the 2002 Stock Plan. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">A summary of the activities related to the Company's options is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr><td width="44%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="5%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Shares&nbsp;Available<br />for Grant</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="6" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />Average<br />Remaining<br />Contractual<br />Term<br />(in&nbsp;Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" rowspan="2" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Aggregate<br />Intrinsic&nbsp;Value<br />(in&nbsp;Thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom" rowspan="2"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Number of<br />Shares</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-<br />Average<br />Exercise<br />Price</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2007</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,994,866</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,619,638</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16.47</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Granted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">856,733</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">27.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Exercised</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,056,641</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13.27</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Canceled</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(54,714</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">28.88</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expired</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(332</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2008</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,192,515</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,365,016</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">18.81</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Granted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">601,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">41.65</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Exercised</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,724,110</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">17.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Canceled</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,133</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12.69</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expired</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(716</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2009</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,591,267</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,241,438</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">22.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Granted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(552,765</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">552,765</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">99.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Exercised</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&#8212;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(1,902,073</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">24.75</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Balances as of December&nbsp;31, 2010</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,038,502</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,892,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">404,354</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Vested and exercisable at<br />December&nbsp;31, 2010</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,892,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">36.11</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">404,354</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of 2010 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December&nbsp;31, 2010. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company's common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $176.0 million, $44.7 million and $18.9 million, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $47.1 million, $29.5 million and $14.0 million, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The following table summarizes information on outstanding and exercisable options as of December&nbsp;31, 2010: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="28%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="18%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="18%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="18%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="12" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 1px;" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Options Outstanding and Exercisable</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="center"> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 1px;" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Exercise Price</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Number of<br />Options</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br />Remaining<br />Contractual&nbsp;Life<br />(Years)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Weighted-Average<br />Exercise Price</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top" align="center"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$1.50</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">323,212</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.50</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3.00&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$11.92</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">325,554</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3.99</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10.83</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;12.38&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$19.48</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">303,127</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16.36</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;20.02&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$23.36</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">295,297</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">21.76</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;23.48&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$27.11</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">307,885</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">25.95</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;27.24&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$30.94</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">308,394</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6.27</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">29.44</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;31.00&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$40.62</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">303,057</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5.22</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">35.34</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;40.94&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$61.03</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">336,232</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">8.74</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">50.16</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$&nbsp;&nbsp;69.70&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$134.91</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">301,154</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">9.40</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">96.88</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$154.66&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;$200.14</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">88,218</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">9.83</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">172.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2,892,130</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Vested stock options granted before June&nbsp;30, 2004 can be exercised up to three months following termination of employment. Vested stock options granted after June&nbsp;30, 2004 and before January&nbsp;1, 2007 can be exercised up to one year following termination of employment. For newly granted options, beginning in January 2007, employee stock options will remain exercisable for the full ten year contractual term regardless of employment status. In conjunction with this change, the Company changed its method of calculating the fair value of new stock-based compensation awards granted under its stock option plans from a Black-Scholes model to a lattice-binomial model. The Company believes that the lattice-binomial model is more capable of incorporating the features of the Company's employee stock options than closed-form models such as the Black-Schole s model. The lattice-binomial model has been applied prospectively to options granted in 2007. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value option grants using a lattice-binomial model: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="40%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">46%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;54%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">46%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;56%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">50%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;60%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.65%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;3.67%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.60%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;3.62%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3.68%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;4.00%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Suboptimal exercise factor</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.78&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;3.28</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.73&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;2.01</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.76&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;2.04</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company bifurcates its option grants into two employee groupings (executive and non-executive) based on exercise behavior and considers several factors in determining the estimate of expected term for each group, including the historical option exercise behavior, the terms and vesting periods of the options granted. In the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2010, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 2.15 to 3.28 for executives and 1.78 to 2.09 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 6 years for executives and 4 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2009, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.87 to 2.01 for executives and 1.73 to 1.76 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives an d 3 years for non-executives. In the year ended December&nbsp;31, 2008, the Company used a suboptimal exercise factor ranging from 1.90 to 2.04 for executives and 1.76 to 1.77 for non-executives, which resulted in a calculated expected term of the option grants of 4 years for executives and 3 years for non-executives. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to value shares under the ESPP: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="80%" align="center"> <tr><td width="53%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Dividend yield</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected volatility</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">45%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">42%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;55%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">55%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;60%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Risk-free interest rate</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.24%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.16%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;0.35%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.23%&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;1.58%</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Expected life (in years)</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.5</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company estimates expected volatility based on a blend of historical volatility of the Company's common stock and implied volatility of tradable forward call options to purchase shares of its common stock. The Company believes that implied volatility of publicly traded options in its common stock is expected to be more reflective of market conditions and, therefore, can reasonably be expected to be a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility of its common stock. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">In valuing shares issued under the Company's employee stock options, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the contractual term of the options. In valuing shares issued under the Company's ESPP, the Company bases the risk-free interest rate on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term of the shares. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. The Company does not use a post-vesting termination rate as options are fully vested upon grant date. The weighted-average fair value of employee stock options granted during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $49.31, $17.79 and $12.25 per share, respectively. The weighted-average fair value of shares granted under the emp loyee stock purchase plan during 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $21.27, $10.53 and $8.28 per share, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense, net of tax, related to stock option plans and employee stock purchases which were allocated as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="67%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="6%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year Ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Fulfillment expenses</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,145</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">380</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">466</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Technology and development</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">10,189</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">4,453</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,890</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Marketing</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3,043</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,786</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,886</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">General and administrative</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">13,619</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">5,999</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">6,022</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">27,996</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,618</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">12,264</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Income tax benefit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(11,161</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(5,017</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">(4,585</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">)</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total stock-based compensation after income taxes</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">16,835</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,601</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">7,679</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b> </b></font></td></tr></table> </div> 7. Stockholders' Equity Stock Repurchase Program The following table presents a summary of our stock repurchases: &nbsp; false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string Disclosures related to accounts comprising shareholders' equity, including other comprehensive income. Includes: (1) balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts, including the number of shares authorized and outstanding, number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion, and for other comprehensive inco me, the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock, if other than cost, and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions, such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle, initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description, terms and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables; effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and, for a period of at least ten years after the effective date, the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 15 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C, E Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 1 -Section B -Paragraph 7, 11A Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 false false Stockholders' Equity 1 2 Stockholders' Equity UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 false false false false 1/31/2011 As_Of_1_31_2011 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 instant 2011-01-31T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 3 false false USD false false 6/30/2010 USD ($) $ As_Of_6_30_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 instant 2010-06-30T00:00:00 0001-01-01T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 nflx_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract n flx false na duration Document and Entity Information [Abstract] false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false fal se false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string Document and Entity Information [Abstract] false false Document and Entity Information 3 false 0 dei_DocumentType dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 10-K 10-K false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:SECReportItemType na The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, N-1A, etc). The document type should be limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type. The acceptable values are as follows: S-1, S-3, S-4, S-11, F-1, F-3, F-4, F-9, F-10, 6-K, 8-K, 10, 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F, 40-F, N-1A, 485BPOS, NCSR, N-Q, and Other. No authoritative reference available. false false Document Type 4 false 0 dei_AmendmentFlag dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:booleanItemType na If the value is true, then the document as an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. No authoritative reference available. false false Amendment Flag 5 false 0 dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 2010-12-31 2010-12-31 false false true false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false true false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false true false false Other xbrli:dateItemType date The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements this will be the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. No authoritative reference available. false false Document Period End Date 6 false 0 dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 2010 2010 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:gYearItemType positiveinteger This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. No authoritative reference available. false false Document Fiscal Year Focus 7 false 0 dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 FY FY false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:fiscalPeriodItemType na This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. No authoritative reference available. false false Document Fiscal Period Focus 8 false 0 de i_TradingSymbol dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 nflx nflx false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:normalizedStringItemType normalizedstring Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. No authoritative reference available. false false Trading Symbol 9 false 0 dei_EntityRegistrantName dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 NETFLIX INC NETFLIX INC false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:normalizedStringItemType normalizedstring The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 false false Entity Registrant Name 10 false 0 dei_EntityCentralIndexKey dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 0001065280 0001065280 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:centralIndexKeyItemType na A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 false false Entity Central Index Key 11 false 0 dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 --12-31 --12-31 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:gMonthDayItemType monthday End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. No authoritative reference available. false false Current Fiscal Year End Date 12 false 0 dei_EntityFilerCategory dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 Large Accelerated Filer Large Accelerated Filer false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:filerCategoryItemType na Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, or (4) Smaller Reporting Company. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. No authoritative reference available. false false Entity Filer Category 13 false 0 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding dei false na instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 52890638 52890638 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Shares xbrli:sharesItemType shares Indicate number of shares outstanding of each of registrant's classes of common stock, as of latest practicable date. Where multiple classes exist define each class by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument No authoritative reference available. false false Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 14 false 0 dei_Entit yWellKnownSeasonedIssuer dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 Yes Yes false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:yesNoItemType na Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. No authoritative reference available. false false Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 15 false 0 dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 No No false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:yesNoItemType na Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No authoritative reference available. false false Entity Voluntary Filers 16 false 0 dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus dei false na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 Yes Yes false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other us-types:yesNoItemType na Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. No authoritative reference available. false false Entity Current Reporting Status 17 false 0 dei_EntityPublicFloat dei false credit instant No definition av ailable. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 3 true false false 4018312143 4018312143 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. No authoritative reference available. false false Entity Public Float 3 16 Document and Entity Information (USD $) NoRounding NoRounding UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 00100 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS true false In Thousands false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 false false USD false false 1/1/2009 - 12/31/2009 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_2009 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2009-01-01T00:00:00 2009-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 4 true 0 us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Current assets: 5 false 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue us-gaap true debit instant No definition availabl e. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 194499000 194499 false true false false false 2 true false false 134224000 134224 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents, excluding items classified as marketable securities, include short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents, while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into wit h others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits should not be reported as cash and cash equivalents. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7, 26 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 8, 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 95 -Paragraph 7 -Footnote 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 false false Cash and cash equivalents 6 false 0 us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 155888000 155888 false false false false false 2 true false false 186018000 186018 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and which are intended be sold or mature within one year from the balance sheet date or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer. Such securities are reported at fair value; unrealized gains and losses related to Available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity (other comprehensive income), unless the Available-for-sale security is designated as a hedge or is determined to have had an other than temporary decline in fair value below its amortized cost basis. All or a portion of the unrealized holding gain or loss of an Available-for-sale Security that is designated as being hedged in a fair value hedge shall be recognized in earnings during the period of the hedge, as shoul d other than temporary declines in fair value below costs basis. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 4, 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 13, 17 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph b Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 115 -Paragraph 16 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 133 -Paragraph 22 false false Short-term investments 7 false 0 nflx_ContentLibraryNetCurrent nflx false debit instant Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization,... false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 181006000 181006 false false false false false 2 true false false 37329000 37329 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used within one year. No authoritative reference available. false false Current content library, net 8 false 0 us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 62217000 62217 false false false false false 2 true false false 26741000 26741 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of expenditures made, not otherwise specified in the taxonomy, in advance of the timing of recognition of expenses which are expected to be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 4 false false Prepaid content 9 false 0 us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 47357000 47357 false false false false false 2 true false false 26701000 26701 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemTyp e monetary Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of current assets not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 false false Other current assets 10 false 0 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 640967000 640967 false false false false false 2 true false false 411013000 411013 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 true false Total current assets 11 false 0 nflx_ContentLibraryNetNoncurrent nflx false debit instant Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for... false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 180973000 180973 false false false false false 2 true false false 108810000 108810 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of amounts paid for streaming content and DVDs which met the criteria for capitalization, net of related accumulated amortization, which is expected to be used beyond one year. No authoritative reference available. false false Content library, net 12 false 0 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 128570000 128570 false false false false false 2 true false false 131653000 131653 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Tangible assets that are held by an entity for use in the production or supply of goods and services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land, buildings, and production equipment. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/pres entationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 12 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph b, c Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 7 false false Property and equipment, net 13 false 0 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false fals e 17467000 17467 false false false false false 2 true false false 15958000 15958 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The noncurrent portion as of the balance sheet date of the aggregate carrying amount of all future tax deductions arising from temporary differences between tax basis and generally accepted accounting principles basis recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when permitted under enacted tax laws; after the valuation allowance, if any, to reduce such amount to net realizable value. Deferred tax liabilities and assets shall be classified as current or noncurrent based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting. A deferred tax liability or asset that is not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting, including deferred tax assets related to carryforwards, shall be classified according to the expected reversal date of the temporary difference. Reference 1: http: //www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 109 -Paragraph 41, 42, 43 false false Deferred tax assets 14 false 0 us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 14090000 14090 false false false false false 2 true false false 12300000 12300 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetar yItemType monetary Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet due to materiality considerations. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 false false Other non-current assets 15 false 0 us-gaap_Assets us-gaap true debit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false fa lse 982067000 982067 false false false false false 2 true false false 679734000 679734 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON) -Number 6 -Paragraph 25 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 true false Total assets 17 true 0 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Current liabilities: 18 false 0 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 222824000 222824 false false false false false 2 true false false 92542000 92542 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 false false Accounts payable 19 false 0 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 36489000 36489 false false false false false 2 true false false 33387000 33387 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 false false Accrued expenses 20 false 0 us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtCurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 2083000 2083 false false false false false 2 true false false 1410000 1410 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryIt emType monetary Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt not otherwise specified in the taxonomy that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20 -Article 5 false false Current portion of lease financing obligations 21 false 0 us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 127183000 127183 false false false false false 2 true false false 100097000 100097 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP, and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including sales, license fees, and royalties, but excluding interest income. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 43 -Chapter 3 -Section A -Paragraph 7, 8 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A false false Deferred revenue 22 false 0 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 388579000 388579 false false false false false 2 true false false 227436000 227436 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5 true false Total current liabilities 23 false 0 us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 true false false 200000000 200000 false false false false false 2 true false false 200000000 200000 false false false false false Moneta ry xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer), excluding current portion. Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 false false Long-term debt 24 false 0 us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtNoncurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 34123000 34123 false false false false false 2 true false false 36572000 36572 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monet aryItemType monetary Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of debt not otherwise defined (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer), excluding current portion. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 false false Lease financing obligations, excluding current portion 25 false 0 us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 69201000 69201 false false false false false 2 true false false 16583000 16583 false false false false false Mone tary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet due to materiality considerations. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 24 -Article 5 false false Other non-current liabilities 26 false 0 us-gaap_Liabilities us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 691903000 691903 false false false false false 2 true false false 480591000 480591 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. No authoritative reference available. true false Total liabilities 27 false 0 us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies2009 us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 &nbsp; &nbsp; false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 &nbsp; &nbsp; false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur. This caption alerts the reader that one or more notes to the financial statements disclose pertinent information about the entity's commitments and contingencies. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 5 -Paragraph 8, 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9 false false Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 28 true 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringIte mType string No definition available. false false Stockholders' equity: 29 false 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 true false false 0 0 false false false false false 2 true false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Dollar value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) whether issued at par value, no par or stated value. This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 129 -Paragraph 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 false false Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009 30 false 0 us-gaap_CommonStockValue us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false t erselabel 1 true false false 53000 53 false false false false false 2 true false false 53000 53 false false false f alse false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Dollar value of issued common stock whether issued at par value, no par or stated value. This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 false false Common stock, $0.001 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2010 and 2009; 52,781,949 and 53,440,073 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively 31 false 0 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 true false false 51622000 51622 false false false false false 2 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 false false Additional paid-in capital 32 false 0 us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 true false false 750000 750 false false false false false 2 true false false 273000 273 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Accumulated appreciation or loss, net of tax, in value of the total of unsold securities at the end of an accounting period. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) -Number 130 -Paragraph 26 false false Accumulated other comprehensive income 33 false 0 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 true false false 237739000 237739 false false false false false 2 true false false 198817000 198817 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 12 -Paragraph 10 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 false false Retained earnings 34 false 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 290164000 290164 false false false false false 2 true false false 199143000 199143 false false false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total of all Stockholders' Equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph A3 -Appendix A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 true false Total stockholders' equity 35 false 0 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity us-gaap true credit instant No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false totallabel 1 true false false 982067000 982067 false true false false false 2 true false false 679734000 679734 false true false false false Monetary xbrli:monetaryItemType monetary Total of all Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity items. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 true false Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 2 31 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (USD $) Thousands UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 true Sheet 00090 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document and Entity Information http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation false R1.xml false Sheet 00100 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets false R2.xml false Sheet 00105 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical) CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical) http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical false R3.xml false Sheet 00200 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations false R4.xml false Sheet 00300 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityAndComprehensiveIncome false R5.xml false Sheet 00400 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows false R6.xml false Sheet 10101 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureOrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies false R7.xml false Sheet 10201 - Disclosure - Short-term Investments Short-term Investments http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureShortTermInvestments false R8.xml false Sheet 10301 - Disclosure - Balance Sheet Components Balance Sheet Components http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBalanceSheetComponents false R9.xml false Sheet 10401 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt Long-term Debt http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLongTermDebt false R10.xml false Sheet 10501 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingencies false R11.xml false Sheet 10601 - Disclosure - Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations Guarantees-Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGuaranteesIntellectualPropertyIndemnificationObligations false R12.xml false Sheet 10701 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity Stockholders' Equity http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockholdersEquity false R13.xml false Sheet 10801 - Disclosure - Income Taxes Income Taxes http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxes false R14.xml false Sheet 10901 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plan Employee Benefit Plan http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEmployeeBenefitPlan false R15.xml false Sheet 11001 - Disclosure - Related Party Transaction Related Party Transaction http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransaction false R16.xml false Sheet 11101 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) http://www.streamvaultmedia.com/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnaudited false R17.xml false Book All Reports All Reports false 1 39 5 0 3 136 false false Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_2009 68 As_Of_12_31_2009 34 Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_20094 1 Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_20084 5 Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_2008 63 As_Of_12_31_20072 2 As_Of_12_31_20082 2 Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 87 As_Of_12_31_20103 1 Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_200833 1 Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_200922 5 As_Of_12_31_20085 1 Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_20102 5 Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_201023 5 As_Of_12_31_20092 2 Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_20103 1 As_Of_12_31_20084 1 As_Of_12_31_2007 2 As_Of_1_31_2011 1 As_Of_12_31_20102 2 As_Of_12_31_20083 1 As_Of_12_31_20104 1 As_Of_12_31_20105 1 As_Of_12_31_20094 1 Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_20083 1 As_Of_12_31_20074 1 As_Of_12_31_20086 1 Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_200832 1 Duration_1_1_2008_To_12_31_20082 5 Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_20093 2 Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_200932 1 As_Of_12_31_2008 2 As_Of_12_31_2010 35 As_Of_12_31_20075 1 Duration_1_1_2009_To_12_31_20092 5 As_Of_12_31_20073 1 Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_201022 2 As_Of_6_30_2010 1 As_Of_12_31_20093 1 true true
begin 644 Financial_Report.xls M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,&4V-V$P8E\V.#$Y7S1C8F%?865A,U\T8C,R M9&4U,6)B86$B#0H-"E1H:7,@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7,@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7 M96(@4&%G92P@86QS;R!K;F]W;B!A '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I. M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R M #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I!8W1I=F53:&5E=#XP/"]X.D%C=&EV95-H M965T/@T*("`\>#I0 #I%>&-E;%=O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!);F9O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 7!E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@ M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ,"U+/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^9F%L '0^ M1&5C(#,Q+`T*"0DR,#$P/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^,C`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`@("`@("`@ M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M '!E M;G-E '0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X- M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,&4V-V$P8E\V.#$Y7S1C8F%?865A,U\T M8C,R9&4U,6)B86$-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#!E M-C=A,&)?-C@Q.5\T8V)A7V%E83-?-&(S,F1E-3%B8F%A+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL M.R!C:&%R F5D/"]T M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U% M5$$@:'1T '0O M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A M '!E;G-E*3H\+W-T &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M &5S M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@ M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X M="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^ M/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S M &5R8VES92!O9B!O 65E('-T;V-K('!U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!S=&]C:R`H:6X@ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S '0^/'-P86X^ M/"]S &-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S F5D(&=A:6YS(&]N(&%V86EL86)L92UF;W(M 65E('-T;V-K('!U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &-E M F5D(&=A:6YS M(&]N(&%V86EL86)L92UF;W(M 65E('-T M;V-K('!U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 2!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`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`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S &5S('!A:60\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/&1I=CX@#0H-"CQT86)L92!S='EL M93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z M(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R "P@26YC+B`H=&AE(")#;VUP86YY(BD@=V%S(&EN8V]R 2!W871C:"!U;FQI;6ET960@5%8@ M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&]R9V%N:7IE9"!I;G1O M('1W;R!O 2!B M96=A;B!I;G1E 2=S(&QO;F 2=S(')E=F5N=65S M(&%R92!D97)I=F5D(&9R;VT@;6]N=&AL>2!S=6)S8W)I #L@ M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB M/CQI/D)A 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z M(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 2!A;F0@:71S('=H;VQL M>2UO=VYE9"!S=6)S:61I87)I97,N($EN=&5R8V]M 2!B86QA;F-E 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE M/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM M8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 2!I;7!A8W0@86YY('!R:6]R(&%M;W5N=',@;V8@ 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R "!A 2!B87-E 2!D:69F M97(@9G)O;2!T:&5S92!E 6QE/3-$)VUA #LG M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!C;VYS:61E F%T:6]N(&]F('!R96UI=6US(&%N9"!D:7-C;W5N=',@;VX@=&AE(&EN=F5S M=&UE;G1S+"!R96%L:7IE9"!G86EN 2!U M 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI M;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 2!T:&%N(&YO="!T:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=O=6QD(&)E(')E F5D(&-O 6QE/3-$)VUA #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@ M,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]B=&%I M;G,@8V]N=&5N="!T:')O=6=H('-T 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]B=&%I;G,@8V]N=&5N="!D:7-T 2!L M:6-E;G-E9"!F;W(@82!F:7AE9"UF964@9F]R('1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L M:6-E;G-E(&%G 2!O M #LG/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!D971E 2!F;W(@=&AE('!O M F5D(&EN('1H M92!C;VYT96YT(&QI8G)A 2(@=VET:&EN(&YE="!C87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I M=FET:65S(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@ 2!A;6]R=&EZ97,@=&AE(&-O;G1E;G0@;&EB M 2!O;B!A('-T 2X@5&AE(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!I M 6%B;&4B(&%N9"`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`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/D-O 2!T:&4@0V]M 2=S('-U8G-C 2!O9B!T:&4@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T M)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R M/D-A F5D('-O9G1W87)E(&-O 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+"!N970@86YD(&%R92!A;6]R=&EZ960@ M;W9E 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@;6%R9VEN M+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB/CQI/E)E M=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX@/"]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*#0H\ '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E-U8G-C M 2!S=6)S8W)I &5S('1H870@87)E(&-O;&QE8W1E9"!F F5D(&%N9"!G:69T('-U8G-C 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R #LG/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 7)O;&P@ M '!E;G-E '!E;G-E9"!A &-E '!E;G-E9"!T:&4@9FER '!E;G-E('1O=&%L960@87!P 2`F;F)S 2X@/"]F;VYT/CPO #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB/CQI/DEN8V]M92!487AE 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R "!P M &ES=&EN9R!A "!B87-E "!C "!A M 2!A('9A;'5A=&EO M;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&%N>2!T87@@8F5N969I=',@9F]R('=H:6-H(&9U M='5R92!R96%L:7IA=&EO;B!I #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R F4@8V5R=&%I;B!T87@@8F5N969I=',@9G)O;2!U;F-E &5S+B!4:&4@0V]M 2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(&$@=&%X(&)E;F5F M:70@9G)O;2!A;B!U;F-E "!P;W-I=&EO;B!W:6QL M(&)E('-U &%M:6YA=&EO;B!B>2!T:&4@=&%X:6YG(&%U M=&AO F5D('5P;VX@ "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@:6X@:6YC;VUE('1A>"!E>'!E;G-E+B!3 M964@3F]T92`X('1O('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E M;65N=',@9F]R(&9U #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB/CQI/E-T;V-K(%)E #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!S=&]C M:RXF;F)S &AA=7-T960L('1H92!E>&-E M #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB/CQI/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(#PO:3X\+V(^/"]F M;VYT/CPO #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F5D(&=A:6YS(&%N9"!L;W-S97,@;VX@879A:6QA8FQE M+69O 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@ M9F]N="US:7IE.B`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`\+V(^/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$ M7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS F4],T0Q/CQB M/BAI;B9N8G-P.W1H;W5S86YD &-E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D)A M F4],T0Q/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@ M/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R M/C4R+#4R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R M87`],T1N;W=R87`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT M+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C M;&%S F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX] M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P M.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$ M8F]T=&]M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C4R+#4R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@-65M.R F4],T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F('-H87)E M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0R/C4X+#0Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S F4] M,T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R &-L=61E9"!F M 6QE/3-$)VUA M #LG/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE '0M:6YD96YT.B`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`V,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`],T1N;W=R87`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D-O F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/CDQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S F4] M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@8VQA 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C@S M+#$W,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`] M,T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/CDV+#DY M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N M;W=R87`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`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`T)3L@;6%R M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/D)E8V%U M 2!T:&%T('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I M;&P@8F4@ 2!D;V5S(&YO="!C;VYS:61E #L@ M=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F5D(&=A:6YS(&]N('1H M92!S86QE 65A F5D(&QO F5D(&=A:6YS(&%N9"!L;W-S97,@86YD(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN M8V]M92!A #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@ M,65M.R F4],T0R/D1U92!A9G1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M M.R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L('-H;W)T+71E F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F M;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R F4Z(#%P>#LG/CQT M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X M="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`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`S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N M="!C;&%S F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B M;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^ M#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C,U,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`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`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`S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O M;G0@8VQA F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX] M,T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`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`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`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`V 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#9P>#LG/B9N M8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R M/B@S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O F4],T0R/DEN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&YO M;BUC=7)R96YT(&%S 2=S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E M9"!B86QA;F-E('-H965T #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 2!L979E;"!A 2!O9B!T:&4@:6YP M=71S('5S960@:6X@=&AE('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!S=6-H(&EN 2!A;F0@ 2!I 2X@5&AE 2!B>2!A 7!E.B!T M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/&1I=CX@#0H- M"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/D-O;G1E;G0@;&EB 2!A;F0@86-C M=6UU;&%T960@86UO F%T:6]N(&-O;G-I #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`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`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`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`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C M;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0Q/CQB/BAI;B!T:&]U 6QE M/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D-O;7!U=&5R(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\ M+W`^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0R/C,F M;F)S F4] M,T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT M.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4] M,T0R/D]P97)A=&EO;G,@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`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`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\ M='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R M/C,@>65A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4] M,T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C$R+#0R,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q M/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C0P+#8X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M M.R F4],T0R/DQE87-E:&]L9"!I;7!R;W9E;65N M=',\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4] M,T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C,U+#$U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4Z(#%P M>#LG/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$ M8F]T=&]M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/E!R;W!E M F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C(V-2PY-# 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB 6QE/3-$ M)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 2`F;F)S #L@ M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB M/CQI/D]T:&5R(&YO;BUC=7)R96YT($%S 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E M;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM M;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&YO;BUC M=7)R96YT(&%S 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$T M+#`Y,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`] M,T1N;W=R87`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`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R '!E;G-E #LG M/B9N8G-P.SPO F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$ M8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0Q/CQB/BAI;B!T:&]U 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD M96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D%C8W)U960@ F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/C$Q+#8R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@ M,65M.R F4],T0R/D%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D%C8W)U M960@8V]N=&5N="!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!C;W-T 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`],T1N;W=R87`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`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4] M,T0Q/CQB/BAI;B!T:&]U 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R M/D%C8W)U960@8V]N=&5N="!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!C;W-T 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C0X+#$W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX] M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M M.R F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F;VYT/CPO F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R F4Z(#%P>#LG/CQT M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ "!S;VQI M9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF M;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C8Y+#(P,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ M F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4Z(#%P>#LG/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB "!D;W5B;&4[ M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB #LG/B9N8G-P M.SPO 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/CQB M/B`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$ M;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R M/CQB/CQI/B`\+VD^/"]B/CPO9F]N=#XF;F)S 7!E.B!T M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E M/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S '0^/&1I=CX@#0H-"CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P M 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M #LG M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/DEN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P,#DL('1H92!#;VUP M86YY(&ES 2!F &EM871E;'D@)FYB F5D(&]V M97(@=&AE('1E 29N8G-P.S$U(&%N9"!.;W9E;6)E 65A 2!R M961E96T@=7`@=&\@,S4E(&]F('1H92`X+C4P)29N8G-P.TYO=&5S(&%T(&$@ M 2!R961E96T@=&AE(#@N-3`E)FYB 2!R961E96T@=&AE(#@N-3`E)FYB 6QE/3-$)VUA M '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O M;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92`X+C4P)2!.;W1E M 2!L:65N(&]N(&%N>2!O9B!I=',@ 2!R:6=H="!T;R!R96-E:79E(&EN8V]M92`H97AC M97!T(&9O &-E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T M)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R M/D)A &EM871E;'D@)FYB #L@ M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB M/CQI/D-R961I="!!9W)E96UE;G0@/"]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]P/@T*#0H\ M '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@ M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/DEN M(%-E 2!E;G1E 2!R97!A:60@86QL(&]U M='-T86YD:6YG(&%M;W5N=',@=6YD97(@86YD('1E 65A '1087)T7S0P938W83!B7S8X,3E?-&-B85]A96$S7S1B,S)D M934Q8F)A80T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T,&4V-V$P M8E\V.#$Y7S1C8F%?865A,U\T8C,R9&4U,6)B86$O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&QE87-E 2!T;R!P M87D@ 7,N M($9O FEN9R!M:6YI;75M(')E;G1A;"!E M>'!E;G-E F%T:6]N+"!W M:&EC:"!I 2!E;G1E 2!R96-O 2!H87,@=&AE(&]P=&EO;B!T;R!E>'1E;F0@;W(@ 2!I;F-R96%S92!T:&4@ M9G5T=7)E(&UI;FEM=6T@;&5A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT M.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4] M,T0R/D)E8V%U 2!R M96-O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT M.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4] M,T0R/DEN('1H92!F:7)S="!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P,3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY M(&5X=&5N9&5D('1H92!F86-I;&ET>2!L96%S97,@9F]R('1H92!,;W,@1V%T M;W,@8G5I;&1I;F=S(&9O 65A &EM871E;'D@)FYB 6UE;G1S('5N9&5R('1H92!L M96%S92!F:6YA;F-I;F &EM871E;'D@)FYB 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`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`M M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R M/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT M+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C$S+#(P.#PO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`T)3L@;6%R M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E)E;G0@ M97AP96YS92!A 6QE/3-$)VUA #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E M;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!# M;VUP86YY(&%L 2!M87D@ M;W(@;6%Y(&YO="!R96-E:79E(&EN('1H92!F=71U &AI8FET:6]N M(')E8V5I 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI M;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 2!I;G9O;'9E9"!I;B!N96=O=&EA=&EO;G,@ M=VET:"!O=&AE F%T:6]N 2!A8V-R=65S(&9O 2!C:&%N9V5S(&EN(&5S=&EM871E M 2!A8V-E 2!N96=O=&EA=&EO;B!O 2!B92!M871E 6QE/3-$)VUA #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2=S('9I97 2!E>'!E;G-E 2!R96-O 2!H87,@8F5E;B!I;F-U 2!E 2!O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/D]N($UA 2!A;F0@;W1H97)S M(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S($1I 2!#;&EE;G0@3W9E 2P@;F\@86UO=6YT(&AA #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!I;B!T:&4@56YI=&5D(%-T871E FEN9R!3=&%T92!-96UO 2!& M;W)M=6QA=&EN9R!A(%%U97)Y(%5S:6YG($5Q=6EV86QE;G0@5&5R;7,@5VAI M8V@@0V]R 2!A;F0@96YH86YC960@9&%M86=E M 2!P;W-S M:6)L92!A #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 2!T:')O M=6=H($%P 2P@5V%L+4UA 2!S:6UI M;&%R('-U:71S('=E 2X@5&AE('!L86EN=&EF9G,L('=H;R!A "!C=7-T;VUE 2!I;B!T:&4@56YI=&5D(%-T M871E "!A;F0@0FQO8VMB=7-T97(@ 2`Y+"`R M,#$Q+"!B=70@=&AE(&-O=7)T(&AA 65T(')U;&5D(&]N('1H92!M M;W1I;VXN($YE=&9L:7@@:7,@;F]T('!A 2!!4T,@-#4P M.R!H;W=E=F5R+"!B87-E9"!O;B!I=',@8W5R 2!E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@ M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/D]N M($]C=&]B97(F;F)S "P@26YC+BP@ M970N(&%L/"]I/B`L($-I=FEL($%C=&EO;B!.;RX@0TE6(#`X+30P,BU+15 7-T96T@86YD($UE=&AO9"!F;W(@365D:6$@475E M=64B(&ES 2!F 29N8G-P.S(T M+"`R,#`Y+"!T:&4@8V%S92!W87,@=')A;G-F97)R960@=&\@=&AE($YO 2!F:6QE9"!A(&UO=&EO;B!F;W(@ 2!J=61G;65N="!O9B!N;VXM:6YF 2!J=61G;65N="!R=6QI M;F 2P@;F\@86UO=6YT(&AA #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!I 2!O 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R M=%\T,&4V-V$P8E\V.#$Y7S1C8F%?865A,U\T8C,R9&4U,6)B86$-"D-O;G1E M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#!E-C=A,&)?-C@Q.5\T8V)A7V%E M83-?-&(S,F1E-3%B8F%A+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!);F1E;6YI M9FEC871I;VX@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G,\+W-T 6QE/3-$ M)V)O F4],T0R/CQB/C8N/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O F4] M,T0R/CQB/D=U87)A;G1E97,F(S@R,3([26YT96QL96-T=6%L(%!R;W!E '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/DEN('1H92!O 2!C;W5R 6EN9R!S8V]P92!A;F0@ M=&5R;7,@=&\@8G5S:6YE 2=S(&)R96%C:"!O9B!S=6-H(&%G 6QE M/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN M+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP M86YY)W,@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G,@=6YD97(@=&AE 2!M87D@:&%V92!R96-O=7)S M92!A9V%I;G-T('1H:7)D+7!A 2!H87,@96YT97)E9"!I;G1O(&EN M9&5M;FEF:6-A=&EO;B!A9W)E96UE;G1S('=I=&@@:71S(&1I 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`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`P 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`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`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`@ #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 2!I F5D('1O(')E 2!R97%U:7)E;65N=',L(&1E8G0@8V]V96YA;G0@ '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O M;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E-H87)E 2!T:&4@0V]M 2!A &-E #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z M(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 2!H87,@875T:&]R:7IE9"`Q,"PP,#`L,#`P('-H87)E 6QE/3-$)VUA #LG M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE #LG/CQF M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!T:&4@0V]M 2=S('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@ M,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB/CQI/D5M 65E(%-T M;V-K(%!U '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/DEN($9E M8G)U87)Y(#(P,#(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%D;W!T960@=&AE(#(P,#(@16UP M;&]Y964@4W1O8VL@4'5R8VAA 65E(%-T;V-K(%!U M #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`V F4],T0R M/B9B=6QL.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 65A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/C8V-BPV-C8@ 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/G-U8V@@ M;W1H97(@86UO=6YT(&%S('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W,@0F]A 2!D971E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD M96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E5N9&5R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W,@15-04"P@96UP;&]Y965S(&-A M;B!P=7)C:&%S92!C;VUM;VX@ 29N8G-P.S$L(#(P,#8L(&]F9F5R:6YG('!E "!M;VYT:',N(%1H97)E9F]R92P@96%C:"!O9F9E 2!O9B!T:&4@;V9F97)I;F "!M;VYT:"!I;F-R96UE;G1S+B!5;F1E 2!S:7@M;6]N=&@@ #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE &EM=6T@;G5M8F5R(&]F('-H87)E 65E(%-T;V-K(%!U 2!D;V5S(&YO="!E>'!E8W0@86YY(&9U='5R92!%4U!0(&]F M9F5R:6YG #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#%P>#LG M/B9N8G-P.SPO #LG/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 65E 2`T-BPQ,3(L(#(R-"PW.3D@86YD(#(S,2PP M-C@@ 65A 2X@/"]F;VYT/CPO #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/CQB/CQI/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;B!0;&%N 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@ M=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`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`],T1N M;W=R87`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`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`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F M;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C4L,S8U+#`Q M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N M;W=R87`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`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F M;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C$L,3,S/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0R/B@Q+#$S,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/BD\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@8VQA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V5S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)FYB F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C(L-3DQ+#(V-SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`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`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`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N M="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF M;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@ M,65M.R F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V5S(&%S(&]F($1E M8V5M8F5R)FYB F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P M.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4] M,T0R/C(L,#,X+#4P,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`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`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H-"CQP('-T>6QE/3-$ M)VUA #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,7!X.R F4],T0Q/CQB/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R M:6-E/"]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^ M/&9O;G0@8VQA F4],T0Q/CQB/DYU;6)E F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`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`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`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N M="!C;&%S F4],T0R M/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0R/C$W,BXU-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@ 6QE M/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^ M)FYB #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4] M,T0R/CQB/CQI/E-T;V-K+4)A 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X M="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R &5R8VES960@=7`@=&\@ M=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!E;7!L;WEM M96YT+B!697-T960@ &5R8VES960@=7`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4] M,T0R/D5X F4],T0Q/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R M87`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`E)FYB 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ M F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N M="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/E-U8F]P=&EM86P@97AE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N-S@F;F)S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/C$N-S,F;F)S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$N-S8F;F)S F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X-"@T*/'`@ #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G M:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R &5C=71I=F5S(&%N9"`Q M+C &5C=71I=F5S+"!W:&EC:"!R97-U;'1E M9"!I;B!A(&-A;&-U;&%T960@97AP96-T960@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;W!T:6]N M(&=R86YT &5C=71I=F5S(&%N9"`T('EE87)S M(&9O '!E8W1E M9"!T97)M(&]F('1H92!O 65A 65A &5C=71I=F5S+B!);B!T M:&4@>65A 2!U &5R8VES92!F86-T;W(@ 6QE/3-$)VUA M #L@9F]N="US:7IE M.B`Q 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`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`E/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C`E/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO M=W)A 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL M>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C`E/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE '!E8W1E9"!V;VQA=&EL:71Y/"]F;VYT/CPO F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C M;&%S F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS M1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D5X 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@ M,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5S=&EM M871E '!E8W1E9"!V;VQA=&EL:71Y(&)A 2!B92!E>'!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!A(&)E='1E 2!T:&%N(&AI 2!O9B!I=',@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B`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`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I M>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S M;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS F4],T0Q/CQB/BAI;B!T:&]U 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D9U;&9I;&QM96YT(&5X F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.R0\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R M:6=H=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R M/C,X,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`] M,T1N;W=R87`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`],T1N;W=R87`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`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF M;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/E1O M=&%L('-T;V-K+6)A F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\ M='(@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)V)O "!D;W5B;&4[ M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T M;VT^)FYB #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O M;3H@,'!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#%P>#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/CQB/B`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\ M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`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`\+V(^/"]F M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$ M7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS F4],T0Q/CQB/BAI;B!T:&]U 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@ M,65M.R F4],T0R/D-U F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX] M,T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`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`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O M;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO M='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C(Q+#@P,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D1E9F5R "!P F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0R/B@Q+# F4],T0R/BD\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S M 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@-65M.R F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(&1E9F5R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4Z(#%P>#LG/CQT9"!V86QI9VX] M,T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@ "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$P-BPX-#,\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4] M,T0R/C F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C M;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R0\ M+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H M=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4Z(#%P>#LG/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T M;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO M=&0^#0H\=&0@ "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB M "!D;W5B;&4[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)FYB 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O M #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X M.R F4],T0R/D$@ &5S+"!W:71H('1H92!A;6]U M;G0@8V]M 2!F961E &5S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`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`V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS M1'1O 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R &5S+"!N970@;V8@1F5D97)A;"!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&5F9F5C=#PO M9F]N=#X\+W`^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@8VQA M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N M8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R M/C$P+#,U,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R M87`],T1N;W=R87`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`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ M F4],T0R/BDF;F)S 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W M(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A M;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B@X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ M F4],T0R/BDF;F)S 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C0P M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS M1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF M;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@ M,V5M.R F4],T0R/D1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4 M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C$Y+#`X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,V5M.R F4],T0R/E(F86UP M.T0@8W)E9&ET 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G M:6XM;&5F=#H@,V5M.R F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/"]F M;VYT/CPO F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I M9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D1E9F5R "!A F4] M,T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O M;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$Y+#`U,SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^ M/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D M/CPO='(^#0H\='(@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE M/3-$)VUA '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN M+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/DEN(&5V86QU M871I;F "!A F5D+"!A;F0@;F\@=F%L M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!W87,@ 6QE/3-$)VUA #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q 6QE M/3-$)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM M8F]T=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R "!296QI968L(%5N96UP;&]Y;65N="!);G-U F%T:6]N+"!A;F0@2F]B($-R96%T:6]N($%C="!O9B`R M,#$P('=A 29N8G-P.S$L(#(P,3`N($%S(&$@ 2!R96-O 2`F;F)S #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!C;&%S 2!I;7!A8W0@ M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDG 2=S('1O=&%L(&=R;W-S(&%M;W5N M="!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&%R92!S=6UM87)I>F5D M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,@*&EN('1H;W5S86YD #LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS M1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY M.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,V5M.R F4],T0R/DEN8W)E87-E "!P;W-I M=&EO;G,@=&%K96X@9'5R:6YG('1H92!C=7)R96YT('!E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@87,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C$S+#(T-#PO M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R M87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\ M+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,V5M.R F4],T0R/DEN8W)E87-E "!P;W-I M=&EO;G,@=&%K96X@9'5R:6YG('1H92!C=7)R96YT('!E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R 6QE/3-$ M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!S;VQI9#LG M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF;F)S 6QE/3-$)V)O M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/D)A M;&%N8V4@87,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F;F)S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE F4],T0R/C(P+#8W-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@ 6QE/3-$)V)O 6QE/3-$)V)O M #LG/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 2!I;F-L=61E F5D('1A>"!B96YE9FET &5S+B!! #L@ M=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`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`\+V(^/"]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/"]T M '0M:6YD96YT.B`T)3L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R F4],T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA:6YT86EN 2!A;&P@;V8@:71S M(&5M 65E 2!C;VYT 2=S(&UA M=&-H:6YG(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G,@=&]T86QE9"`F;F)S 3X- M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,&4V-V$P8E\V.#$Y7S1C M8F%?865A,U\T8C,R9&4U,6)B86$-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z M+R\O0SHO-#!E-C=A,&)?-C@Q.5\T8V)A7V%E83-?-&(S,F1E-3%B8F%A+U=O M '0O:'1M M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!4 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S 6QE/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/CQB/C$P+CPO8CX\+V9O M;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@86QI9VX],T1L969T/CQF;VYT M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)VUA #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#0E.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T M=&]M.B`P 3H@5&EM97,@ M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R "!E;G1E 2!I;B!W:&EC:"!A;B!E;7!L;WEE92!H860@82!S:6=N M:69I8V%N="!O=VYE "!R96-O 2!A;F0@ M9&5V96QO 2`R,#`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`H56YA=61I=&5D*3QB 6QE M/3-$)V)O F4],T0R/CQB/C$Q+CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X- M"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`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`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F M=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/DYE="!I;F-O;64\+V9O M;G0^/"]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S M/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@ M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/C0W+#`Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T* M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N M8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4] M,T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@ M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\ M9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)W1E M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`N.#`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X] M,T0T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^ M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^(#PO=&0^ M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`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`\+V9O;G0^/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W 6QE/3-$)V9O M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$ M)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,65M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,65M.R F4],T0R/DYE="!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/"]P/CPO=&0^#0H\ M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-I>F4],T0Q M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O M;3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N M.R F4],T0R/C,P+#DQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`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`],T1N M;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@ F4],T0R/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N M=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0Q/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/"]T9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^ M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N="!C;&%S 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`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`N-30\+V9O;G0^/"]T M9#X-"CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!4:6UE 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R F4],T0R/B9N8G-P M.R9N8G-P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X-"@T*/'`@ #L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@,'!X.R!F;VYT M+7-I>F4Z(#%P>#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO 3X-"CPO M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,&4V-V$P8E\V.#$Y7S1C8F%? M865A,U\T8C,R9&4U,6)B86$-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O M0SHO-#!E-C=A,&)?-C@Q.5\T8V)A7V%E83-?-&(S,F1E-3%B8F%A+U=O &UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG M.B!Q=6]T960M '0O:'1M;#L@ M8VAA &UL;G,Z;STS1")U<FXZ<V-H M96UA<RUM:6-R;W-O9G0M8V]M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y& M:6QE($A2968],T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E M9CTS1")3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;"(O/@T* M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2 M968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T M,#8N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX- M"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P."YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!( M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E M=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^ M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;"(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@ M2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE M970Q-"YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;"(O M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1")3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-"B`\;SI&:6QE M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-"BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X M=%!A<G1?-#!E-C=A,&)?-C@Q.5\T8V)A7V%E83-?-&(S,F1E-3%B8F%A+2T- !"@`` ` end
2.2.0.25 false false 10101 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 nflx_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAbstract nflx false na duration Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] false false Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 3 false 0 us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false terselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>1.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 6px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Description of Business </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">StreamVault Media (the "Company") was incorporated on August&nbsp;29, 1997 and began operations on April&nbsp;14, 1998. With 20&nbsp;million subscribers as of December 31, 2010, the Company is an Internet subscription service streaming TV shows and movies. The Company's subscribers can instantly watch unlimited TV shows and movies streamed over the Internet to their TVs, computers and mobile devices and in the United States, subscribers can also receive DVDs delivered quickly to their homes. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company is organized into two operating segments, United States and International. In September 2010, the Company began international operations by offering an unlimited streaming plan without DVDs in Canada. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are generated in the United States, and all of the Company's long-lived assets are held in the United States. The Company's revenues are derived from monthly subscription fees. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Basis of Presentation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Reclassification </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Certain prior period balance sheet amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassifications did not significantly impact any prior amounts of reported total assets or total liabilities, and did not impact stockholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Use of Estimates </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the estimate of useful lives of its content library; the valuation of stock-based compensation; and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. </font></p> ; <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale. Short-term investments are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of premiums and discounts on the investments, realized gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary on available-for-sale securities are included in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of short- term investments. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Short-term investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company's intent to sell, or whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Content Library </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company obtains content through streaming content license agreements, DVD direct purchases and DVD and streaming revenue sharing agreements with studios, distributors and other suppliers. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company obtains content distribution rights in order to stream TV shows and movies to subscribers' TVs, computers and mobile devices. Streaming content is generally licensed for a fixed-fee for the term of the license agreement. The license agreement may or may not be recognized in content library. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">When the streaming license fee is known or reasonably determinable for a specific title and the specific title is first available for streaming to subscribers, the title is recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as current content library for the portion available for streaming within one year and as non-current content library for the remaining portion. New titles recognized in the content library are classified in the line item "Acquisition of streaming content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company amortizes the content library on a straight-line basis over each title's window of availability. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item "Amortization of content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. For the titles recognized in content library, the license fees due but not paid are classified on the consolidated balance sheets as "Accounts payable" for the amounts due within one year and as "Other non-current liabilities" for the amounts due beyond one year. Changes in these liabilities are classified in the line items "Accounts payable" and "Other assets and liabilities" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Commitments for the titles not yet available for streaming are not yet recognized in the content library and are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">When the streaming license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title, the title does not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library. The license fee is not known or reasonably determinable for a specific title in fixed fee license agreements that do not specify the number of titles, the license fee per title and the windows of availability per title. Over the term of these agreements, the Company typically makes periodic fixed prepayments that are classified in prepaid content on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company amortizes the license fees on a straight-line basis over the term of each license agreement. The amortization is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item "Net income" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cas h flows. Changes in prepaid content are classified within net cash provided by operating activities in the line item "Prepaid content" in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Commitments for licenses that do not meet the criteria for recognition in the content library are included in footnote 5 to the consolidated financial statements. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company acquires DVD content for the purpose of renting such content to its subscribers and earning subscription rental revenues, and, as such, the Company considers its direct purchase DVD library to be a productive asset. Accordingly, the Company classifies its DVD library as a non-current asset on the consolidated balance sheets. The acquisition of DVD content library, net of changes in related liabilities, is classified in the line item "Acquisition of DVD content library" within cash used in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows because the DVD content library is considered a productive asset. Other companies in the in-home entertainment video industry classify these cash flows as operating activities. The Company amortizes its direct purchase DVDs, less estimated salvage value, on a "sum-of-the-months" accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of the new release DVDs and back-catalog DVDs is estimated to be one year and three years, respectively. In estimating the useful life of its DVDs, the Company considers historical utilization patterns, primarily the number of times a DVD title is shipped to subscribers in a given period, as well as an estimate for lost or damaged DVDs. The amortization of the DVD content library is classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statement of operations and in the line item "Amortization of content library" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company also obtains DVD and streaming content through revenue sharing agreements with studios and distributors. Revenue sharing obligations incurred based on utilization are classified in cost of subscription in the consolidated statements of operations and in the line item "Net income" within net cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The terms of some revenue sharing agreements obligate the Company to make a low initial payment for certain titles, representing a minimum contractual obligation under the agreement. The low initial payment is in exchange for a commitment to share a percentage of its subscription revenues or to pay a fee, based on utilization, for a defined period of time, or the title term, which typically ranges from six to twelve months for each title. The initial payment may be in the form of an upfr ont non-refundable payment. This payment is capitalized in the content library in accordance with the Company's DVD and streaming content policies as applicable. The initial payment may also be in the form of a prepayment of future revenue sharing obligations which is classified as prepaid content. This payment is amortized as revenue sharing obligations are incurred. If during the title term, the Company determines that the full prepayment will not be amortized based on utilization, a provision for the estimated difference is recorded in the period that such shortfall is deemed probable. Under the revenue sharing agreements for its DVD library, at the end of the title term, the Company generally has the option of returning the DVDs to the studio, destroying the DVDs or purchasing the DVDs. In most cases, the Company purchases the DVDs when it has the ability to do so. This end of term buy-out is also included in DVD library at the time of purchase. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Property and Equipment </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable. Leased buildings are capitalized and included in property and equipment when the Company was involved in the construction funding and did not meet the "sale-leaseback" criteria. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Long-lived assets such as DVD content library, property and equipment and intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds fair value of the asset group. There were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable in any of the years presented. </fon t></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Capitalized Software Costs </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Costs incurred during the application development stage for software programs to be used solely to meet the Company's internal needs are capitalized. Costs incurred in connection with the development of software used by the Company's subscribers, such as that included in consumer electronics partner devices, are capitalized during the period between technological feasibility and general availability of the software. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to three years. The net book value of capitalized software costs is not significant as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 and 2009. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Revenue Recognition </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Subscription revenues are recognized ratably over each subscriber's monthly subscription period. Refunds to subscribers are recorded as a reduction of revenues. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities. Deferred revenue consists of subscriptions revenues billed to subscribers that have not been recognized and gift subscriptions that have not been redeemed. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Marketing </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses and also include payments made to the Company's affiliates and consumer electronics partners and payroll related expenses. Advertising expenses include promotional activities such as television and online advertising, as well as allocated costs of revenues relating to free trial periods. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for advertising production costs, which are expensed the first time the advertising is run. Advertising expense totaled approximately $212.4 million, $175.0 million and $158.7 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Income Taxes </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. There was no valuation allowance as of December&nbsp;31, 2010 or 2009. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company did not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock Repurchases </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">To facilitate a stock repurchase program, shares are repurchased by the Company in the open market and are accounted for when the transaction is settled. Shares held for future issuance are classified as treasury stock.&nbsp;Shares formally or constructively retired are deducted from common stock for par value and from additional paid in capital for the excess over par value.&nbsp;If additional paid in capital has been exhausted, the excess over par value is deducted from retained earnings. Direct costs incurred to acquire the shares are included in the total cost of the shares. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Comprehensive Income </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Other comprehensive income consists of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, net of tax. Total comprehensive income and the components of accumulated other comprehensive income are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Net Income Per Share </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of outstanding shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist primarily of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options and shares currently purchasable pursuant to the Company's employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. The computation of net income per share is as follows: </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 12px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="90%" align="center"> <tr><td width="68%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="4%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>Year ended December&nbsp;31,</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2010</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2009</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>2008</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="10" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in&nbsp;thousands,&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic earnings per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">160,853</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">52,529</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic earnings per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">3.06</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.05</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.36</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted earnings per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">160,853</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">115,860</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">83,026</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Shares used in computation:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average common shares outstanding</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">52,529</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">56,560</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">60,961</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Employee stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,775</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,856</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1,875</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 5em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Weighted-average number of shares</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">54,304</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">58,416</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">62,836</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted earnings per share</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">2.96</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.98</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">1.32</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr style="font-size: 1px;"><td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td> <td valign="bottom">&nbsp;&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td style="border-top: #000000 3px double;" valign="bottom">&nbsp;</td> <td>&nbsp;</td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 12px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Employee stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the common stock were excluded from the diluted calculation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. The number of options excluded are immaterial for all periods presented. </font></p> <p style="margin-top: 18px; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b><i>Stock-Based Compensation </i></b></font></p> <p style="margin-top: 6px; text-indent: 4%; margin-bottom: 0px;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">The Company grants stock options to its employees on a monthly basis. The Company has elected to grant all options as fully vested non-qualified stock options. As a result of immediate vesting, stock-based compensation expense is fully recognized on the grant date, and no estimate is required for post-vesting option forfeitures. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding stock-based compensation. </font></p> </div> 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business StreamVault Media (the "Company") was incorporated on August&nbsp;29, false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string Description containing the entire organization, consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements, as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE, (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE 's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position, including the carrying amounts of such assets, (3) the nature of, and changes in, the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE, and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP) -Number FAS140-4 and FIN46(R)-8 -Paragraph 8, C1, C7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) -Number 51 -Paragraph 2-6 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Statement of Position (SOP) -Number 94-6 -Paragraph 10 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN) -Number 46R -Paragraph 4, 14, 15 false false Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1 2 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true
2.2.0.25 false false 11101 - Disclosure - Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) true false false 1 false false USD false false 1/1/2010 - 12/31/2010 USD ($) USD ($) / shares $ Duration_1_1_2010_To_12_31_2010 http://www.sec.gov/CIK 0001065280 duration 2010-01-01T00:00:00 2010-12-31T00:00:00 Unit12 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 0 Unit13 Divide http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217 USD iso4217 http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 Unit1 Standard http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance shares xbrli 0 USD USD $ 2 true 0 us-gaap_SelectedQuarterlyFinancialInformationAbstract us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false 1 false false false 0 0 false false false false false Other xbrli:stringItemType string No definition available. false false Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 3 false 0 us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock us-gaap true na duration No definition available. false false false false false false false false false false verboselabel 1 false false false 0 0 <div> <table style="border-collapse: collapse;" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%"> <tr><td valign="top" width="4%" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>11.</b></font></td> <td valign="top" align="left"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) </b></font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 6px;">&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" align="center"> <tr><td width="60%"> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="3%"> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td> <td> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>December&nbsp;31</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>September&nbsp;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>June&nbsp;30</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td style="border-bottom: #000000 1px solid;" valign="bottom" colspan="2" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>March&nbsp;31</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="14" align="center"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="1"><b>(in thousands)</b></font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>2010</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom" colspan="13"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total revenues</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">595,922</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">553,219</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">519,819</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">493,665</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">205,132</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">208,750</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">204,885</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">186,503</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">47,095</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">37,967</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">43,519</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">32,272</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.90</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.73</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.83</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.61</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.87</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.70</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.80</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.59</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td height="8"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td> <td height="8" colspan="4"> </td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2"><b>2009</b></font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Total revenues</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">444,542</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">423,120</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">408,509</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">394,098</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Gross profit</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">169,056</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">147,846</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">139,266</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">134,830</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">30,913</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">30,141</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">32,443</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">22,363</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 1em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Net income per share:</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td> <td valign="bottom"> </td></tr> <tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Basic</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.58</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">$</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.38</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr> <tr><td valign="top"> <p style="text-indent: -1em; margin-left: 3em;"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">Diluted</font></p></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.56</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.52</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.54</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font class="_mt" size="1">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;</font></td> <td valign="bottom" align="right"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">0.37</font></td> <td valign="bottom" nowrap="nowrap"><font style="font-family: Times New Roman;" class="_mt" size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></td></tr></table> <p style="margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom: 0px; font-size: 1px;">&nbsp;</p> </div> 11. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) &nbsp; false false false false false Other us-types:textBlockItemType string This element can be used to disclose the entire quarterly financial data disclosure in the annual financial statements as a single block of text. The disclosure includes a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year, including revenues, gross profit, income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited, comments on the aggregate effe ct of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished. Alternatively, the details of this disclosure can be reported using the elements in this group, or by using other taxonomy elements and applying the appropriate quarterly date and period contexts when creating an instance document. For example, the element for "Interest and Dividend Income, Operating" may be used by financial institutions from the Statement of Income, applying the appropriate quarterly date and period context when creating an instance document. Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section G -Subsection 1 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 28 -Paragraph 23, 24 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher AICPA -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) -Number 28 -Paragraph 30 -Subparagraph a-j Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-K (SK) -Number 229 -Section 302 -Paragraph a false false Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 1 2 Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown UnKnown false true